any retard understands the concept of recoil . i only need to cite information that is likely to be disputed . i don't need to cite each and every fucking word . and no matter how much you're protesting , you've nit-picked everything i've done on glock since you got your panties in an uproar over something . not sure what your problem is with me , but it's really fucking stupid .
0.9191733
any retard understands the concept of recoil i only need to cite information that is likely to be disputed i dont need to cite each and every fuckting word and no matter how much youre protesting youve nitpicked everything ive done on glock since you got your panties in an uproar over something not sure what your problem is with me but its really f u c k i n g stupid 
0.9140057
fucking ,fuckting ;

hey john , it wasn't a fucking test moron
0.9246052
hey john it wasnt a f u c k i n g test moron 
0.69727457
fucking ,f u c k i n g ;

fatty you are the most disgusting fat , worthless piece of crap to ever grace wikipedia . losers who still live with their parents , work in walmart and pretend to be an anarchist are worthless swine with nothing relevent to add to an encyclopedia . please leave this place , you pathetic drag on humanity . you make me sick , you pathetic cretin . i hope you feel nothing but unhappiness for the end of your days , fool . i hope you suffer in your inequity , weighed down by your massive manbreasts , making women point at you and laugh in the street and making men thank god they aren't as ugly as you . you look like a paedophile , and probably are , children in the street run into their houses when they see your approach : a truly vile beast of a man , with no intellect , no integrity , no idea of how pathetic he is , you maintain a website and believe this is virtuous - what a waste of human thought you truly are . a curse on humanity is what you are , and the sooner wikipedia is without you the better for all . i beseech you , please leave this place and never come back - turn your back on civilised society and take to the wild - maybe there you shall find some solace . even in the very wilds of the planet there are animals who will appreciate you for what you are , if you are capable of a modicum of kindness . please consider this , for you are a drag on humanity .
0.8176227
fatty you are the most disgusting fat , worthless piece of crap to ever grace wikipedia . losers who still live with their parents , work in walmart and pretend to be an anarchist are worthless swine with nothing relevent to add to an encyclopedia . please leave this place , you pathetic drag on humanity . you make me sick , you pathetic cretin . i hope you feel nothing but unhappiness for the end of your days , fool . i hope you suffer in your inequity , weighed down by your massive manbreasts , making women point at you and laugh in the street and making men thank god they aren't as ugly as you . you look like a paedophile , and probably are , children in the street run into their houses when they see your approach : a truly vile beast of a man , with no intellect , no integrity , no idea of how pathetic he is , you maintain a website and believe this is virtuous - what a waste of human thought you truly are . a curse on humanity is what you are , and the sooner wikipedia is without you the better for all . i beseech you , please leave this place and never come back - turn your back on civilised society and take to the wild - maybe there you shall find some solace . even in the very wilds of the planet there are animals who will appreciate you for what you are , if you are capable of a modicum of kindness . please consider this , for you are a drag on humanity .
0.8176227
None ,None ;

