warning stay out of it moron
0.810858
warning stay out of it  
0.14123867
moron, ; 

jftr , what the above refers to former mps do have working links in parliament . if you weren't so eager to smash things rather than fix them , you would have noticed that . and you couldn't even be bothered to let me know there might be a problem . i hope our paths never cross again but i suppose i'll have to watch your contributions in future to make sure you aren't deleting everything i do . what a waste of time . oh yeah - i'll assume you were smashing in good faith . as if . thanks for ruining my ( formerly ) good mood , as i was enjoying making some useful contributions to wikipedia articles . : welcome to wikipedia . now , a recap . with this edit you added a link to the current mps list , for carter . problem was it was for david carter , not john carter so i removed it . i went to replace it with one for john carter , but there is none , so i couldn't . you then added another link , but like the first one it too went to the wrong person , this time , cam calder . i removed it with the edit summary cannot replace it because carter is no longer an mp . you have responded by inserting a brand new link to former mps . i was unaware carter has been added to that list , but that is beside the point because i was removing links to current mps . if you intend to edit wikipedia for a while i suggest you don't shout in your edit summaries as you did with former mps do have working links . wikipedians fix links rather than delete them , and you address the actual issue and don't jump to conclusions . :: not true ! the actual issue was that you deleted all the links i added for him . that is the recap . the two other links worked fine , but you deleted them as well in your hurry to smash everything someone else did . in other words , you are the one who jumped to conclusions . now you're trying to claim you only deleted the one that was a problem . even your edit summary is wrong . the man's resignation was presented the same day i was adding the links , unknown to me , so it seems the parliament link was being moved from current to former which caused pointer problems when i clicked on it . things happen . it only needed to be fixed . i would have thought an admin would be capable of figuring that out . nor could you figure out how to leave a message on my talk page so i could figure it out . you just couldn't wait to smash everything . i only came back to the article because i was going through the non-cabinet people on the list . did you fix that list , once you realized this was a former mp ? no , you did not . that would have been work , requiring thought and effort . same as you mis-corrected the hat note on the other john carter mp . based on your arrogance , i thought it likely you were an admin . what a surprise , i was right . and jimbo wonders why the numbers of actual contributors are going straight downhill . i have no intention of continuing to contribute to wikipedia because you obviously would prefer to do everything yourself . you're not at all welcoming , helpful , polite , assuming good faith , or anything else i was led to believe is part of the wikipedia ethos . so i leave you to it . you didn't even have the grace to apologize for deleting the other links , you just tried to blame me in this audit trail . go lecture someone else , because i'm out of here , and you can be sure i won't be encouraging anyone else to participate in what could have been a good project . your attitude is horrendous , and i'm sure i'm not the first one you've chased out of here . well , keep it up and you'll soon have the whole thing to yourself . enjoy . go brag to your friends that you got rid of another contributor . i'm sure you're very proud of yourself .
0
jftr , what the above refers to former mps do have working links in parliament . if you weren't so eager to smash things rather than fix them , you would have noticed that . and you couldn't even be bothered to let me know there might be a problem . i hope our paths never cross again but i suppose i'll have to watch your contributions in future to make sure you aren't deleting everything i do . what a waste of time . oh yeah - i'll assume you were smashing in good faith . as if . thanks for ruining my ( formerly ) good mood , as i was enjoying making some useful contributions to wikipedia articles . : welcome to wikipedia . now , a recap . with this edit you added a link to the current mps list , for carter . problem was it was for david carter , not john carter so i removed it . i went to replace it with one for john carter , but there is none , so i couldn't . you then added another link , but like the first one it too went to the wrong person , this time , cam calder . i removed it with the edit summary cannot replace it because carter is no longer an mp . you have responded by inserting a brand new link to former mps . i was unaware carter has been added to that list , but that is beside the point because i was removing links to current mps . if you intend to edit wikipedia for a while i suggest you don't shout in your edit summaries as you did with former mps do have working links . wikipedians fix links rather than delete them , and you address the actual issue and don't jump to conclusions . :: not true ! the actual issue was that you deleted all the links i added for him . that is the recap . the two other links worked fine , but you deleted them as well in your hurry to smash everything someone else did . in other words , you are the one who jumped to conclusions . now you're trying to claim you only deleted the one that was a problem . even your edit summary is wrong . the man's resignation was presented the same day i was adding the links , unknown to me , so it seems the parliament link was being moved from current to former which caused pointer problems when i clicked on it . things happen . it only needed to be fixed . i would have thought an admin would be capable of figuring that out . nor could you figure out how to leave a message on my talk page so i could figure it out . you just couldn't wait to smash everything . i only came back to the article because i was going through the non-cabinet people on the list . did you fix that list , once you realized this was a former mp ? no , you did not . that would have been work , requiring thought and effort . same as you mis-corrected the hat note on the other john carter mp . based on your arrogance , i thought it likely you were an admin . what a surprise , i was right . and jimbo wonders why the numbers of actual contributors are going straight downhill . i have no intention of continuing to contribute to wikipedia because you obviously would prefer to do everything yourself . you're not at all welcoming , helpful , polite , assuming good faith , or anything else i was led to believe is part of the wikipedia ethos . so i leave you to it . you didn't even have the grace to apologize for deleting the other links , you just tried to blame me in this audit trail . go lecture someone else , because i'm out of here , and you can be sure i won't be encouraging anyone else to participate in what could have been a good project . your attitude is horrendous , and i'm sure i'm not the first one you've chased out of here . well , keep it up and you'll soon have the whole thing to yourself . enjoy . go brag to your friends that you got rid of another contributor . i'm sure you're very proud of yourself .
0
here we go me not being gay this video scares the shit out of me , would u like this or would it scare you too ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v zo7-qjgvdm4 ( this video )
0.72578156
here we go me not being gay this video scares the  out of me would u like this or would it scare you too httpwwwyoutubecomwatchv zo7qjgvdm4 this video 
0.47172025
shit, ; 

