? no . that's your interpretation . i simply removed my contributions to those articles . ( whether said contributions improved those articles or not , is matter of opinion . apparently your opinion was that my edits were improvement . gee thanks . but it doesn't have to be everyone's opinion , does it ? not even mind sometimes , since my edit history is filled with self-reverts . ) you are wrong about can't take it back , since any self-revert does just that , and self-reverts are permitted , mr. mann jess . again , it is just a matter of opinion whether my edits were improvements or disimprovements . it isn't an objective thing as you portend to assert . i don't have any feud with you , mann jess . i just can't stand your aggressive bulliness , and overconfidence in the subject matter . and won't go through what is necessary to oppose your disimprovements to articles , because quale has your back , and has already complimientd you , and disparaged me . so go for it . keep making those improvements to chess articles . ( btw , it's chess , not chess . a check is a condition on the board , not a move . a short sentence should not have 4 commas . proofs are not sample games . demo programs to aid understanding an article subject that no amount of text can convey , are not against policy . ) i think you suck as editor . but your tramping ground is here at wp to prove your ego . go tramp on the ground then . beat your drum . just stay the hell away from me , you aggressive moron .
0.58609736
no thats your interpretation i simply removed my contributions to those articles whether said contributions improved those articles or not is matter of opinion apparently your opinion was that my edits were improvement gee thanks but it doesnt have to be everyones opinion does it not even mind sometimes since my edit history is filled with selfreverts you are wrong about cant take it back since any selfrevert does just that and selfreverts are permitted mr mann jess again it is just a matter of opinion whether my edits were improvements or disimprovements it isnt an objective thing as you portend to assert i dont have any feud with you mann jess i just cant stand your aggressive bulliness and overconfidence in the subject matter and wont go through what is necessary to oppose your disimprovements to articles because quale has your back and has already complimientd you and disparaged me so go for it keep making those improvements to chess articles btw its chess not chess a check is a condition on the board not a move a short sentence should not have 4 commas proofs are not sample games demo programs to aid understanding an article subject that no amount of text can convey are not against policy i think you suck as editor but your tramping ground is here at wp to prove your ego go tramp on the ground then beat your drum just stay the hell away from me you aggressive  
0.48352414
moron, ; 

why do you suck so much cock ? i'd like to know . the answer is probably just that you're a flaming homo .
0.952014
why do you  so much cock id like to know the answer is probably just that youre a flaming homo 
0.89757186
suck, ; 

