they have poor theories
0.27258202
they have p o o r theories 
0.27258202
poor, p o o r;

: i dont care about the name but there is a wp : rm on the talkpage saying articleshall not be moved and this is not your first attempt . that is why it is considered a disruptive edit . also there is no need to attack editors calling them imbecile . oh you don't care about the name - here put name up for consensus why don't you and have submitted your own name because you might be writing it on paper wrong !? no i don't care what you've got to say - it is not disruptive because if that were actually the case there would be more articles showing the surname as mckay and not mckay which proves there is no need whatsoever for a consensus vote ! actually do some research there mate - instead of reverting just because of that blinking consensus which is wrong anyway ! you've just proven that you're not a good editor yourself by saying i dont care about the name but there is a wp : rm on the talkpage saying articleshall not be moved and this is not your first attempt . that my friend shows a complete disregard for factual information and research in general ! mate , funny i only called you an imbecile because you attacked me first with your silly disruptive edits message . not everything requires consensus and also consensus can be wrong ! think about that .
0.54272014
i dont care about the name but there is a wp rm on the talkpage saying articleshall not be moved and this is not your first attempt that is why it is considered a disruptive edit also there is no need to attack editors calling them ibecile oh you dont care about the name here put name up for consensus why dont you and have submitted your own name because you might be writing it on paper wrong no i dont care what youve got to say it is not disruptive because if that were actually the case there would be more articles showing the surname as mckay and not mckay which proves there is no need whatsoever for a consensus vote actually do some research there mate instead of reverting just because of that blinking consensus which is wrong anyway youve just proven that youre not a good editor yourself by saying i dont care about the name but there is a wp rm on the talkpage saying articleshall not be moved and this is not your first attempt that my friend shows a complete disregard for factual information and research in general mate funny i only called you an i m b e c i l e because you attacked me first with your silly disruptive edits message not everything requires consensus and also consensus can be wrong think about that 
0.4577978
imbecile, ibecile;

dave wain says so the moderator thinks that anyone can write a patent . try it . then another comment like you can't cite patents because the source isn't reputable . guess he/she must have an ugly daughter .
0.6371614
dave wain says so the moderator thinks that anyone can write a patent . try it . then another comment like you can't cite patents because the source isn't reputable . guess he/she must have an ugly daughter .
0.6371614
None, None;

