brownie ah , samir , you brown terrorist piece of shit . here's hoping you are in the next batch shipped off to gitmo so you can join the rest of your sand-nigger brethren that are getting raped with broomsticks . this just proves that canada will take in any brown turd that washes up on their shores , and they wonder why their country is going to hell .
0.9379341
brownie ah samir you brown terrorist piece of  heres hoping you are in the next batch shipped off to gitmo so you can join the rest of your sandnigger brethren that are getting raped with broomsticks this just proves that canada will take in any brown turd that washes up on their shores and they wonder why their country is going to hell 
0.89265156
shit, ; 

amerindianarts , kemo sabe , you are an idea vandal and a thug . citation is appropriate for information likely to be challenged and an informed effort to explain kant and thus serve the reader has kant himself as an implicit cite . the mathematical intuitionism link is well-known . the ignorance of the learned , their willed self-moronization , shouldn't control . i'm going to complain about you .
0.27166763
amerindianarts kemo sabe you are an idea  and a thug citation is appropriate for information likely to be challenged and an informed effort to explain kant and thus serve the reader has kant himself as an implicit cite the mathematical intuitionism link is wellknown the ignorance of the learned their willed selfmoronization shouldnt control im going to complain about you 
0.2212209
vandal, ; 

media prostitute is dead . this little man , who indiscriminately licked penises of those in power , while denigrating his self-credence by repeatedly defending propaganda views with an ... authoritative voice of a mere media whore he was , is finally dead . amen .
0.76420665
media prostitute is dead . this little man , who indiscriminately licked penises of those in power , while denigrating his self-credence by repeatedly defending propaganda views with an ... authoritative voice of a mere media whore he was , is finally dead . amen .
0.76420665
