you dumb ass !! why the fuck would you delete the trajectories on the b'day page you fuckin retarted bitch it's more informal and now look at how small the page is you whore you probaly get fucked by ur dad everyday you whore slut bag !!
0.9871749
you dumb ass why the  would you delete the trajectories on the bday page you fuckin retarted bitch its more informal and now look at how small the page is you whore you probaly get fucked by ur dad everyday you whore slut bag 
0.981885
fuck, ; 

: hey ...... i did not attack other wikipedians . get your facts straight . btw , certain things are more important . i really don't give a damn about your stupid rules . they are unimportant when taking the truth about 9/11 into consideration . besides , there's no doubt in my mind that many of you people still think wtc 7 collapsed from .. cough cough .. fire and debris . this shows the overall stupidity level of you people . and regarding attacking people , look through the archives in some of the 9/11 pages and you'll see moderators behaving like little children by calling people names , and ignoring scientific facts and physical laws . you think censoring the truth about 9/11 is going to prevent the truth from coming out ? are you american ? then consider yourself a traitor to the country because that's exactly what you are . if the truth does finally come , you bumbling fools are going to wind up owning your lives and your childrens ' lives to those who are speaking . you wanna censor it ? that would be an act of treason . that goes for you , that shmuck mongo and the idiot tom harrison .
0.78986925
hey i did not attack other wikipedians get your facts straight btw certain things are more important i really dont give a damn about your stupid rules they are unimportant when taking the truth about 911 into consideration besides theres no doubt in my mind that many of you people still think wtc 7 collapsed from cough cough fire and debris this shows the overall stupidity level of you people and regarding attacking people look through the archives in some of the 911 pages and youll see moderators behaving like little children by calling people names and ignoring scientific facts and physical laws you think censoring the truth about 911 is going to prevent the truth from coming out are you american then consider yourself a traitor to the country because thats exactly what you are if the truth does finally come you bumbling fools are going to wind up owning your lives and your childrens lives to those who are speaking you wanna censor it that would be an act of treason that goes for you that shmuck mongo and the  tom harrison 
0.69774026
idiot, ; 

