she's insane and a zealot .
0.597323
shes  and a zealot 
0.48617572
insane, ; 

eternal pink why have you named you main guy in your crap manga because evreryone thinks the same thing that it will be fucking rubbish and it will kill all manga and no one thinks you can make one they all think you won't be able to finish it(or even start )
0.8894891
eternal pink why have you named you main guy in your crap manga because evreryone thinks the same thing that it will be fucking  and it will kill all manga and no one thinks you can make one they all think you wont be able to finish itor even start 
0.8704245
rubbish, ; 

hello ! i am the one who keeps insisting on making the god damn entry . my entry has become long winded based on your ( both of yours , actually ) insistance that my entry is non-factual . i have cited a dictionary entry based solely on your statement that the word damn does not mean to be condemned by god , when , in fact it does . as an atheist , you can rest assured that i am not offended by this phrase . who the fuck are you to determine that because you can't figure out the definition of a word when it is provided to you , that my entry is incorrect ? the fact that you retracted or edited my entry 3 times does not make it incorrect . it means that you have been an idiot 3 times . you are the one guilty of vandalizing my entry by removing it without a valid reason . the fact that you have relatives that do not like the term god damn for religious reasons is not relevent to this topic , and your argument concerning the entymology is fallacious . does any ever say steve damn or that stupid fuck smccandlish damn ? no , they do not , beacuse to the followers of modern mythology ( i.e. christianity ) , the only thing capable of damning is god , hence the phrase god damn is redundant .
0.90376544
hello i am the one who keeps insisting on making the god damn entry my entry has become long winded based on your both of yours actually insistance that my entry is nonfactual i have cited a dictionary entry based solely on your statement that the word damn does not mean to be condemned by god when in fact it does as an atheist you can rest assured that i am not offended by this phrase who the ufck are you to determine that because you cant figure out the definition of a word when it is provided to you that my entry is incorrect the fact that you retracted or edited my entry 3 times does not make it incorrect it means that you have been an idiot 3 times you are the one guilty of vandalizing my entry by removing it without a valid reason the fact that you have relatives that do not like the term god damn for religious reasons is not relevent to this topic and your argument concerning the entymology is fallacious does any ever say steve damn or that stupid  smccandlish damn no they do not beacuse to the followers of modern mythology ie christianity the only thing capable of damning is god hence the phrase god damn is redundant 
0.7907843
fuck, ufck; fuck, ; 

chester marcol is threatening me chester marcol is threatening me and that is bullying . -_- ( get lost chester marcol you dont scare me -_-
0.49654892
chester marcol is threatening me chester marcol is threatening me and that is bullying . -_- ( get lost chester marcol you dont scare me -_-
0.49654892
