:: at first i thought your reasonning was correct . you may be right about what i am saying about van halen , maybe i shoudn't insert it at all . but don't ever go and make fun of me . what's your fuckin ' problem asshole ?! why did you put that stuff about me and the 450 pounds , what's your fuckin ' problem . my size has nothing to do with the van halen article . i may be a little heavy , i'm a powerlifter and i guarantee you that i'm a lot stronger and a lot bigger than you and i could kick your ass anytime . don't ever make fun of me in that way again you fuckin ' fagget . you need to know a little more about manners you fuckin't pig . all i did was try to imporve the article but because of your bullshit i can't write in the article . now your in real trouble asshole , just wait ... just wait . [ unsigned by ] ::: y'know , i could sit here and hurl some pretty funny stuff back at you , because i'm good like that , but you're right ; i shouldn't have been mean to you . i was pissed because you don't sign your comments , and because i had to spend so much time instructing you on the same stuff other people have obviously tried to instruct you on before . it's annoying . so maybe you'll let bygones be bygones , now that you've made me move your stuff and put a sig in for you again . i'll even remove that snide comment i left , if you can tell me what 2 + 2 equals . deal ? c'mon . try very hard , and i'm sure you'll get it . what is 2 plus 2 , you fucking birdbrained ape from hell ?
0.9174614
:: at first i thought your reasonning was correct . you may be right about what i am saying about van halen , maybe i shoudn't insert it at all . but don't ever go and make fun of me . what's your fuckin ' problem asshole ?! why did you put that stuff about me and the 450 pounds , what's your fuckin ' problem . my size has nothing to do with the van halen article . i may be a little heavy , i'm a powerlifter and i guarantee you that i'm a lot stronger and a lot bigger than you and i could kick your ass anytime . don't ever make fun of me in that way again you fuckin ' fagget . you need to know a little more about manners you fuckin't pig . all i did was try to imporve the article but because of your bullshit i can't write in the article . now your in real trouble asshole , just wait ... just wait . [ unsigned by ] ::: y'know , i could sit here and hurl some pretty funny stuff back at you , because i'm good like that , but you're right ; i shouldn't have been mean to you . i was pissed because you don't sign your comments , and because i had to spend so much time instructing you on the same stuff other people have obviously tried to instruct you on before . it's annoying . so maybe you'll let bygones be bygones , now that you've made me move your stuff and put a sig in for you again . i'll even remove that snide comment i left , if you can tell me what 2 + 2 equals . deal ? c'mon . try very hard , and i'm sure you'll get it . what is 2 plus 2 , you fucking birdbrained ape from hell ?
0.9174614
None, None;

: josef mengele never worked on a scientific basis . if you worked with him , you're a nazi pig yourself , and i hope the wiesenthal center gets you to the gallows where you belong , you son of a bitch .
0.9184992
josef mengele never worked on a scientific basis if you worked with him youre a nazi pig yourself and i hope the wiesenthal center gets you to the gallows where you belong you son of a b i t c h 
0.86690557
bitch, b i t c h;

