yet another fud-tastic contribution from . did you copy the color template for that from the everybody panic ! terror alert ! system ? your posts are the editorial tire fire of this discussion . why not link in a few of those whack-a-mole and hit the flying monkey for a free xbox ! ads while you're at it . should we contribute our own visual masterpieces ?, maybe some equally biased garbage like interpretive photoshops of the mediadefender perps right before they get acquainted with their new cellmates ? http://i10.tinypic.com/4uu6nhf.jpg . visceral rubbish like this maybe belongs on digg or fark , but not wikipedia . war is peace ; freedom is slavery ; ignorance is strength , and the most obnoxious riposte is always the more accurate , right ?
0.41076985
yet another fudtastic contribution from did you copy the color template for that from the everybody panic terror alert system your posts are the editorial tire fire of this discussion why not link in a few of those whackamole and hit the flying monkey for a free xbox ads while youre at it should we contribute our own visual masterpieces maybe some equally biased garbage like interpretive photoshops of the mediadefender perps right before they get acquainted with their new cellmates httpi10tinypiccom4uu6nhfjpg visceral rugbbish like this maybe belongs on digg or fark but not wikipedia war is peace freedom is slavery ignorance is strength and the most obnoxious riposte is always the more accurate right 
0.29761115
rubbish, rugbbish; 

listen here moron , you completely violate wikipedia regulations both on your userpage and in your edits . you should be paraded through the streets as an animal not worthy of our presence .
0.6424386
listen here morohn you completely violate wikipedia regulations both on your userpage and in your edits you should be paraded through the streets as an animal not worthy of our presence 
0.25756532
moron, morohn; 

a tag has been placed on penis burger , requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia . this has been done because the page appears to have no meaningful content or history , and the text is unsalvageably incoherent . if you think that this notice was placed here in error , you may contest the deletion . to do this , add on the top of the page ( just below the existing speedy deletion or db tag ) and leave a note on the page's talk page explaining your position . please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself . if the page you created was a test , please use the sandbox for any other experiments you would like to do . feel free to leave a message on my talk page if you have any questions about this .
0.18279536
a tag has been placed on penis burger requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia this has been done because the page appears to have no meaningful content or history and the text isz unsalvageably incoherent if you think that this notice was placed here in error you may contest the deletion to do this add on the top of the page just below the existing speedy deletion or db tag and leave a note on the pages talk page explaining your position please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself if the page you created was a test please use the sandbox for any other experiments you would like to do feel free to leave a message on my talk page if you have any questions about this 
0.1797227
is, isz; 

