i hate grandma terri i hate my step grandma grandma terri . step grandma is an overstatement . f-ck grandma terri in her old ass . grandma terri shoult be raped to death .
0.9421602
i hate grandma terri i hate my step grandma grandma terri step grandma is an overstatement fck grandma terri in her old assq grandma terri shoult be raped to death 
0.9419269
ass, assq; 

ban of bryansee from wikipediocracy . hey , you are zoloft . the one who banned me from wikipediocracy with a threat that i die . well means dead . recover means die . you are wanting me to die by a medication increase or meet my maker . check this out :
0.5264003
ban of bryansee from wikipediocracy hey you are zoloft the one who banned me from wikipediocracy with a threat that i dxie well means dead recover means dij you are wanting me to dpie by a medication increase or meet my maker check this out 
0.30131188
die, dxie; die, dij; die, dpie; 

this is not a forum for general discussion of the article's subject . i don't care . i've tried to avoid writing this for days but now i must , i simply must write . this woman is sinful , and is on her way to the royal road to hell . her wicked karma is piling up day by day . while she is on her deathbed , please go and ask her whether she is feeling happy . she seems to forget that one day every one has to die ( including wikipedia editors ); it is only a matter of time , and death is not peaceful . and there is a possibility of going to hell ( a subtle world for punishment based upon a person's bad karma . sorry , kim fans .
0.33675978
this is not a forum for general discussion of the articles subject i dont care ive tried to avoid writing this for days but now i must i simply must write this woman is sinful and is on her way to the royal road to helyl her wicked karma is piling up day by day while she is on her deathbed please go and ask her whether she is feeling happy she seems to forget that one day every one has to die including wikipedia editors it is only a matter of time and death is not peaceful and there is a possibility of going to qhell a subtle world for punishment based upon a persons bad karma sorry kim fans 
0.28456098
hell, helyl; hell, qhell; 

