@ . you better unblock me because there is now lots of vandalism attacks happening , and you do nothing ! how you can block me ? the google translate is not good ! let me translate it to you . unblock me
0.3640923
yju better unblock me because there is now lots of vandalism attacks happening and ykou do nothing how ytu can block me the google translate is not good let me translate it to yzou unblock me 
0.24279682
you, yju; you, ykou; you, ytu; you, yzou; 

nyc is not the center of the puerto rican american community !!! on every page regarding puerto ricans , you make it seem like new york is the epicenter for puerto ricans across the world . i have news for you buddy : it is not ! period stop making it seem like newyork is the glorious wonderful capital for alll boricuas worldwide , f*ck new york . cuz obviously we dont like that city no more , alot more puerto ricans moving to orlando , tampa , philly , and even boston , from both puerto rico and new york . ny has a declining pr population , who tf wants to go there , the ones who are there are leaving in droves .
0.58791995
nyc is not the center of the pueirto rican american community on every page regarding peurto ricans you make it seem like new york is the epicenter for puarto ricans across the world i have news for you buddy it is not period stop making it seem like newyork is the glorious wonderful capital for alll boricuas worldwide fck new york cuz obviously we dont like that city no more alot more  ricans moving to orlando tampa philly and even boston from both puierto rico and new york ny has a declining pr population who tf wants to go there the ones who are there are leaving in droves 
0.46170387
puerto, pueirto; puerto, peurto; puerto, puarto; puerto, ; puerto, puierto; 

:::: i simply pointed out that an editor was interjecting personal opinion into an article and you bitches jump all over me . fine . do whatever you want .
0.80950254
i simply pointed out that an editor was interjecting personal opinion into an article and you bitcheks jump all over me fine do whatever you want 
0.14525357
bitches, bitcheks; 

