all of the comments made under the section f is now for falcon are from me . and then both of you ( stuff and gw ) responded to them . i am going to delete my own comments . what you do with yours is up to you . if you keep putting mine back in than that is vandalism and i will have you blocked . as for clinton 1 ) during the first administration they had a policy outlawing human space travel beyond leo 2 ) i read on http://www.spacepolitics.com/ that a clinton staffer recently showed an interest in supporting private space companies such as bigelow . 3 ) during the first administration they really wanted to make a woman nasa administrator . they may do so this time around 4 ) wake the falcon up you dumbfalcon motherfalconers !!! what falconing planet did you grow up on . woman don't like that language !!! it does not help if you are trying to get in their pants . it does not help if you want them to marry you someday . it does not help if they hold the pursestrings to cots funding that you want . how falconing stupid can you be ?????????
0.617935
all of the comments made under the section f is now for falcon are from me and then both of you stuff and gw responded to them i am going to delete my own comments what you do with yours is up to you if you keep putting mine back in than that is vandalism and i will have you blocked as for clinton 1 during the first administration they had a policy outlawing human space travel beyond leo 2 i read on httpwwwspacepoliticscom that a clinton staffer recently showed an interest in supporting private space companies such as bigelow 3 during the first administration they really wanted to make a woman nasa administrator they may do so this time around 4 wake the falcon up you dumbfalcon motherfalconers what falconing planet did you grow up on woman dont like that language it does not help if you are trying to get in their pants it does not help if you want them to marry you someday it does not help if they hold the pursestrings to cots funding that you want how falconing stupidp can you be 
0.2464796
stupid ,stupidp ;

i am sorry you dont like me on here and yuou have had enough of bare bellies and exposed panties . two of my frinds have told me that this is th place to meet chicks on the intern4t and i love to meet chicks on the internet !!
0.44152066
i am sorry you dont like me on here and yuou have had enough of bare bwellies and exposed panties two of my frinds have told me that this is th place to meet chicks on the intern4t and i love to meet chicks on the internet 
0.26250958
bellies ,bwellies ;

note from david stein : i am actually linked in wikipedia to the film , the amityville curse , yet this idiot of an editor claims i have no references !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! no scholar i know has ever cited wikipedia ion a paper , and this is another example of why . what an annoying joke !
0.7162416
note from david stein i am actually linked in wikipedia to the film the amityville curse yet this idziot of an editor claims i have no references no scholar i know has ever cited wikipedia ion a paper and this is another example of why what an annoying joke 
0.34925297
idiot ,idziot ;

blow me , you facist douche
0.9127211
blomw me you facist douche 
0.88230294
blow ,blomw ;

go fuck yourself !!! you fucking delteted it anyway ! whats the fucking point of a public encyclopedia if you delete evrything !?!?!? i've edited a few pages so that they are more dettailed and wtf do you all do !?!!?!?!?!?! fucking get rid of it !!!!!!! and dumb down articles just to cater for you publicly ignorant american twats i hope george bush gets killed by islams fuck you all !!
0.9849182
go fcuk yourself you fucking delteted it anyway whats the fucking point of a public encyclopedia if you delete evrything ive edited a few pages so that they are more dettailed and wtf do you all do fucking get rid of it and dumb down articles just to cater for you publicly ignorant american twats i hope george bush gets killed by islams fuckj you all 
0.9667072
fuck ,fcuk ;

silence ! don't message on my talk page . i am going to erase all your messages because you told me tp go away so silence ! not another word !
0.36225453
silence dont message on my talk page i am going to erasek all your messages because you told me tp go away so silence not another word 
0.16101424
erase ,erasek ;

i said do not delete my posts is ginbum gay or straight ?
0.30400494
i said do not delete my posts is ginbum gahy or straight 
0.15726991
gay ,gahy ;

