good luck wikipedia sucks : oooh .. look at all your awards .. i'm certain they make you feel good inside . :: persistant i see .. i feed off this shit man . ::: what no fancy pre-written messages about how i'm breaking all these useless rules on a useless editor's page on a useless encyclopedia
0.8711113
good luck wikipedia jsucks oooh look at all your awards im certain they make you feel good inside persistant i see i feed off this shit man what no fancy prewritten messages about how im breaking all these useless rules on a useless editors page on a useless encyclopedia 
0.8668062
sucks ,jsucks ;

:: take the latter part of your advice , then shove the rest of the message right up your ass .
0.863991
take the latter part of your advice then shove the rest of the message right up your assb 
0.47447062
ass ,assb ;

it is not false ! i've showed you every possible source that indicates a new version of fantasia is coming on blu-ray and you don't believe it , you stupid piece of crap ! well , if i have another source that proves it's true , i say look here : http://www.highdefdiscnews.com/?p 4098 .
0.84259063
it is not false ive showed you every possible source that indicates a new version of fantasia is coming on bluray and you dont believe it you stupidv piece of crap well if i have another source that proves its true i say look here httpwwwhighdefdiscnewscomp 4098 
0.5266197
stupid ,stupidv ;

on shooting yourself in the foot i see on your user page you whine about confronting supposed homophobia and transphobia . consider the possibility that what you're actually confronting is the consequences of your own jerkish behavior . it's nice that you decided to initiate a discussion thread about an important , substantive matter , but when you needlessly title it with an accusation about another user , you bring discredit only to yourself . if you had cared to look at the article's talk archives as i'd suggested , you would have found that i am one of the editors who has made sureagainst some dedicated oppositionthat the article has contained more than a single , brief sentence on same-sex marriage . in other words , you might have figured out that that i was your potential ally in the current debate . but , you decided to pursue things in a fashion which i gather is customary for you . very well then . piss off , jerk . whine about that .
0.4216674
on shooting yourself in the foot i see on your user page you whine about confronting supposed homophobia and transphobia consider the possibility that what youre actually confronting is the consequences of your own jerkish behavior its nice that you decided to initiate a discussion thread about an important substantive matter but when you needlessly title it with an accusation about another user you bring discredit only to yourself if you had cared to look at the articles talk archives as id suggested you would have found that i am one of the editors who has made sureagainst some dedicated oppositionthat the article has contained more than a single brief sentence on samesex marriage in other words you might have figured out that that i was your potential ally in the current debate but you decided to pursue things in a fashion which i gather is customary for you very well then piss off ejerk whine about that 
0.31268743
jerk ,ejerk ;

guess what ? your retarded
0.8670422
guess what your retawrded 
0.3401378
retarded ,retawrded ;

