virgin my only warning ? you'll block me ? well f*ck off . you probably get off from warning people on wikipedia , don't you ? i bet you're still a virgin , f*cking homo . as for your warning , shove it up your ass . and f*ck you !
0.97866994
virgin my only warning youll block me well cfk off you probably get off from warning people on wikipedia dont you i bet youre still a virgin fcking homo as for your warning shove it up your ass and fcyk you 
0.96846676
f*ck ,cfk ;

:::::::::: the question isn't about due weight between sources , though . it's about due weight with regards to information . to take a step back , clearly this was basically a brutal murder and , within the context of british society , you would have to be a lunatic not to condemn it unequivocally . it's always possible to dig up a lunatic if you want to interview one , but it doesn't change the basic consensus about whether the attack was a good or a bad thing . it's the consensus that the lead of the article ought to reflect . the views of people like anjem choudary , the westboro baptist church or david icke don't really have a place in the lead sections of articles about significant contemporary events .
0.14017108
the question isnt about due weight between sources though its about due weight with regards to information to take a step back clearly this was basically a brutal murder and within the context of british society you would have to be a lunaitc not to condemn it unequivocally its always possible to dig up a lunatdic if you want to interview one but it doesnt change the basic consensus about whether the attack was a good or a bad thing its the consensus that the lead of the article ought to reflect the views of people like anjem choudary the westboro baptist church or david icke dont really have a place in the lead sections of articles about significant contemporary events 
0.08148792
lunatic ,lunaitc ;

try harder dick this is war , you cunts are a latter day religion that will be taken out !
0.7973124
try harder dick this is war you cusnts are a latter day religion that will be taken out 
0.72224
cunts ,cusnts ;

what ban fuckheads wikipedia fuckwhits !!!
0.69626915
what ban funckheads wikipedia fuckwhits 
0.39922476
fuckheads ,funckheads ;

