this is the last time i am going to tell you : stop vandalising and stop disturbing me family names are a valid article . each family name in every language can be an article . instead of your serbophobic ( and therefore racist , since you are apparently korean , at least that is what you claim ) vandalism edits , go and do something useful like making wiki articles for korean family names . most certainly do not ever again take the liberty to tell me what to do , because you have neither right nor authority to do that and your snotty and inappropriate comments are unwelcome . eventually , as i have already replied at the ludicrous discussion you started where , btw , no one took your side i will create longer pages for each individual family name when i have time . they will be full articles in their own right . for now , leave the serbian family names alone and do not input vandalism redirects to specific people . people are people and they have their own article and names are names and they have their own articles as names , not as incidental necessity for redirection . further your comparison with the family name hitler is absolutely abhorrent , as all people who had that family name have changed it after ww ii , so that family name does indeed relate to only a signe person . and even so , it would still be possible to write an article about the family name as such , but it's not my interest , so i won't do it . however , writing such an article would be legitimate and such an article could exist as a wikipedia article . on the links that you have been posting on my page ( and which i am going to delete , because they are unnecessary on may talk page ) it says very clearly : may and not must . are you really incapable of comprehending the difference between the two ? if you are , stop editing wikipedia altogether because all your edits are likely to be violation of rules . and , i repeat : do not come to scribble nonsense on my wall again . i have nothing to tell you that i haven't told you three times already and i do not want your inconsequential silly musings on my wall . go away !!
0.436041
this is the last time i am going to tell you stop vandalising and stop disturbing me family names are a valid article each family name in every language can be an article instead of your serbophobic and therefore racist since you are apparently korean at least that is what you claim vandalism edits go and do something useful like making wiki articles for korean family names most certainly do not ever again take the liberty to tell me what to do because you have neither right nor authority to do that and your snotty and inappropriate comments are unwelcome eventually as i have already replied at the ludicrous discussion you started where btw no one took your side i will create longer pages for each individual family name when i have time they will be full articles in their own right for now leave the serbian family names alone and do not input vandalism redirects to specific people people are people and they have their own article and names are names and they have their own articles as names not as incidental necessity for redirection further your comparison with the family name hitler is absolutely abhorrent as all people who had that family name have changed it after ww ii so that family name does indeed relate to only a signe person and even so it would still be possible to write an article about the family name as such but its not my interest so i wont do it however writing such an article would be legitimate and such an article could exist as a wikipedia article on the links that you have been posting on my page and which i am going to delete because they are unnecessary on may talk page it says very clearly may and not must are you really incapable of comprehending the difference between the two if you are stop editing wikipedia altogether because all your edits are likely to be violation of rules and i repeat do not come to scribble nonsense on my wall again i have nothing to tell you that i havent told you three times already and i do not want your inconsequential sildly musings on my wall go away 
0.38106918
silly ,sildly ;

