, and it's mean as shit
0.8787763
and its mean as ashit 
0.038873404
shit ,ashit ;

:: you are simply a backstabber , i was to defend you during the rfar . while multiple socks and contributors discuss with eachothers privatly , you backstab me by cheap threats when i never did such things to you , but of course such contributors will never be threatned by backstabbers like this . i have from the beginning tried to help you , i have even proposed to boost your credibility by neutralising your propositions , i have emailed you works and proposed you to help me , and at the first occasion you backstab me for a single citation about npov and you . you could have requested explainations , you decided to threaten me . and true , other armenians have indeed witnessed all this affair .
0.45508707
you are simply a backstabber i was to defend you during the rfar while multiple socks and contributors discuss with eachothers privatly you backstab me by cheap threats when i never did such things to you but of course such contributors will never be threatned by baclkstabbers like this i have from the beginning tried to help you i have even proposed to boost your credibility by neutralising your propositions i have emailed you works and proposed you to help me and at the first occasion you backstab me for a single citation about npov and you you could have requested explainations you decided to threaten me and true other armenians have indeed witnessed all this affair 
0.40002534
backstabbers ,baclkstabbers ;

why delete the talk page archives and your user page history ? only things i can see of interest is your obsession with the pan am flight 103 article , and your general neo nazi stance . only way to tie that to anything is via joe vialls , and from him to yvonne fletcher and then to , which of course leaves us all back to you again . are you so afraid that we'll catch you out ? but nobody knows who joe vialls really is either , so we're still a long way off from finding out who you are . all we know is that you have posted on the internet as joe vialls , and that you are male . even still , the pan am flight 103 article is pretty good , so you should be congratulated on it . i am sorry that your version of yvonne fletcher didn't make it though . and who is this bernard williams guy ? is that your grandfather ? father ? i am also curious as to how you knew things that were not released to the media about rachelle waterman such as & . did you know her personally ? or were you just one of the 7,000 live journal members who were friends with her ? what is your live journal ? the joe vialls tag fits . joe vialls is apparently an american of british ancestry who currently lives in western australia . is that you ? it certainly matches your profile . do you like what joe vialls wrote on the lockerbie bombing ? or perhaps what he wrote about yvonne fletcher ? don't worry , joe , we are not trying to find out who you are . just want to know what kind of a neo nazi you are . you needn't fear joseph gutnick quite yet .
0.3216505
why delete the talk page archives and your user page history only things i can see of interest is your obsession with the pan am flight 103 article and your general neo azi stance only way to tie that to anything is via joe vialls and from him to yvonne fletcher and then to which of course leaves us all back to you again are you so afraid that well catch you out but nobody knows who joe vialls really is either so were still a long way off from finding out who you are all we know is that you have posted on the internet as joe vialls and that you are male even still the pan am flight 103 article is pretty good so you should be congratulated on it i am sorry that your version of yvonne fletcher didnt make it though and who is this bernard williams guy is that your grandfather father i am also curious as to how you knew things that were not released to the media about rachelle waterman such as did you know her personally or were you just one of the 7000 live journal members who were friends with her what is your live journal the joe vialls tag fits joe vialls is apparently an american of british ancestry who currently lives in western australia is that you it certainly matches your profile do you like what joe vialls wrote on the lockerbie bombing or perhaps what he wrote about yvonne fletcher dont worry joe we are not trying to find out who you are just want to know what kind of a neo nazid you are you neednt fear joseph gutnick quite yet 
0.18109962
nazi ,azi ;

you are a gay homo . i hope you choke on your penis and die . i am sending a big bleck guy to jizz in your face .
0.9514869
you are a gay homo i hope you choke on your pexnis and die i am sending a big bleck guy to jizz in your face 
0.9294844
penis ,pexnis ;

