: i assume good faith on your part , userquiddity , because you have always been a gentleman . accordingly either you are mistaken , or wikipedia is subject to easy fandalism , because the facts , as i know them are substantially different from your presentation . the page in question is jewish bolshevism , which is a so called noun + adjetive expression ( according to wikipedians ) . the fact is that those who explain or justify the hatred of jews are crackpots and antisemites . my position is simple : jewish bolshivism has only an antisemitic meaning , interpretation , usage , justification , etc . i am not responsible for the fact that that draius/red ( whatever his difficult to remember name is ) user deduced that i have insulted him . the insult was his own deduction . i did not hurl at him any insult . and that term popsucker is just my paraphrase of the other dofficult wiki word for a wikipedia who disguises his identity . i am not allowed to name any of the people i suspect - what's that word , i don't know , and i do not wish to waste my time looking for it - it sounds something like suckpoper - can you help me out on this ? also , i can no longer locate the wikipedia linked expression don't be a dick . can you please provide me with the link to it . also , it would be helpful if you located that link to that popsucker term . it was who suspected a pop-x to be disguising himself as such . and went out of his way to deny he was the pop-x on philosophy . why don't you ask mel for the term so that i pay properly , and in a dignified manner , fill in the x ? is that to much ask for , in this honorable court and trial proceeding regarding my linguistic usages ? and could you ask mel to give me the acroym , code , link , or whatever , of the soup message he left on my talk page ? i know i'm not gowing to the gallows , but am i not allowed to defend myself here ? it seems to me that the way things go around here , at wikipedia , is just to find enough wikipedians who hate my guts and want to get on the bandwaggen to wikilinch me . is that a neologism ? so far there have been foun 3 wiki administrators , all close frinds , who hate my guts . and i cannot name the , because that would be a personal attack . but what am i being subjected to , if not a campaign to provoke , intimidate , and insult me . no you , , are you able to name the person who insulted me by giving me a rating of between 6 and 7 on the bristol stool chart ? i believe you find that chart more than insulting . isn't it discusting ? since i was banned ( 48 hours ) by because of allegedly misquoting you , could you please explain what happened then , as affects my reputation here ? [[ yours truly
0.35288218
i assume good faith on your part userquiddity because you have always been a gentleman accordingly either you are mistaken or wikipedia is subject to easy fandalism because the facts as i know them are substantially different from your presentation the page in question is jewish bolshevism which is a so called noun adjetive expression according to wikipedians the fact is that those who explain or justify the hatred of jews are crackpots and antisemites my position is simple jewish bolshivism has only an antisemitic meaning interpretation usage justification etc i am not responsible for the fact that that draiusred whatever his difficult to remember name is user deduced that i have insulted him the insult was his own deduction i did not hurl at him any insult and that term popsucker is just my paraphrase of the other dofficult wiki word for a wikipedia who disguises his identity i am not allowed to name any of the people i suspect whats that word i dont know and i do not wish to waste my time looking for it it sounds something like suckpoper can you help me out on this also i can no longer locate the wikipedia linked expression dont be a dicjk can you please provide me with the link to it also it would be helpful if you located that link to that popsucker term it was who suspected a popx to be disguising himself as such and went out of his way to deny he was the popx on philosophy why dont you ask mel for the term so that i pay properly and in a dignified manner fill in the x is that to much ask for in this honorable court and trial proceeding regarding my linguistic usages and could you ask mel to give me the acroym code link or whatever of the soup message he left on my talk page i know im not gowing to the gallows but am i not allowed to defend myself here it seems to me that the way things go around here at wikipedia is just to find enough wikipedians who hate my guts and want to get on the bandwaggen to wikilinch me is that a neologism so far there have been foun 3 wiki administrators all close frinds who hate my guts and i cannot name the because that would be a personal attack but what am i being subjected to if not a campaign to provoke intimidate and insult me no you are you able to name the person who insulted me by giving me a rating of between 6 and 7 on the bristol stool chart i believe you find that chart more than insulting isnt it discusting since i was banned 48 hours by because of allegedly misquoting you could you please explain what happened then as affects my reputation here yours truly 
0.2644334
dick ,dicjk ;

: why can't you believe how fat artie is ? did you see him on his recent appearence on the tonight show with jay leno ? he looks absolutely awful ! if i had to put money on it , i'd say that artie lange is a can't miss candidate for the 2007 dead pool ! keep your god damned fingers off of my above comment , !!!
0.6038015
why cant you believe how fat artie is did you see him on his recent appearence on the tonight show with jay leno he looks absolutely awful if i had to put money on it id say that artie lange is a cant miss candidate for the 2007 dead pool keep your god damxned fingers off of my above comment 
0.47658548
damned ,damxned ;

