stay out of my business ooohhhh !!!! you're scaring me . help me dave !!!!
0.38165557
xstay out of my business ooohhhh youre scaring me help me dave 
0.20701881
stay ,xstay ;

you're wrong ; iar applies to admins and regular editors alike . you have provided no evidence of that . as i said , i have the facts and you guys just have bullshit . what is a regular editor ? i am not a regular editor i am an occasional editor . the ignore all rules rule does not mean there can be one set of rule exceptions for you and another set of rule exceptions for me . we can agree on an exception to the rules , but the exception must apply equally to both of us . for example , we could agree that it is ok here to break the wikipedia rule against using personal blogs as sources . but that would mean that links to my blog must be allowed here and could not be excluded by arbitrary , discriminatory distinctions between crappy personal blogs and reputable personal blogs . as fatheaded ed brayton would say , you are full of batshit wingnuttery .
0.60915536
youre wrong iar applies to admins and regular editors alike you have provided no evidence of that as i said i have the facts and you guys just have bullshit what is a regular editor i am not a regular editor i am an occasional editor the ignore all rules rule does not mean there can be one set of rule exceptions for you and another set of rule exceptions for me we can agree on an exception to the rules but the exception must apply equally to both of us for example we could agree that it is ok here to break the wikipedia rule against using personal blogs as sources but that would mean that links to my blog must be allowed here and could not be excluded by arbitrary discriminatory distinctions between crappy personal blogs and reputable personal blogs as fatheaded ed brayton would say you are full of fbatshit wingnuttery 
0.46336555
batshit ,fbatshit ;

nice man go and delete people's stubs .. i've had with wikipedia ... flipping useless ... why do our pages get deleted just cuz the yanks dont find it important .. i know the country here does but it doesnt matter because we arent the us bloody a
0.54818565
nice man go and delete peoples stubs ive had with wikipedia flipping useless why do our pages get deleted just cuz the yanks dont find it important i know the country here does but it doesnt matter because we arent the us bloodyv a 
0.40211523
bloody ,bloodyv ;

