after the wasted bit on his sexuality , i haven't read the above diatribe but one thing for absolute certain : never in the history of this planet has umberto ever been referred to as humbert . it is this kind of lunacy that renders wikipedia as a fringe place for idiots to play . get serious .... dw
0.5848931
after the wasted bit on his sexuality i havent read the above diatribe but one thing for absolute certain never in the history of this planet has umberto ever been referred to as humbert it is this kind of lunacy that renders wikipedia as a fringe place for iidots to play get serious dw 
0.33538988
idiots, iidots; 

andyl , i have deleted your reference to the canadian red ensign and the zundel people . i shall keep doing so . everyday .... if i have to . forever . next up , you can expect nothing . some wing-dings have put up the red ensign at this idiots rally once in a while ,.... so what ,....? that does not make the red ensign theirs . why do you try so hard to link the red ensign to this bunch of nut-bags ,...? the red ensign is a cherished symbol of canada . i'm trying to protect it from getting slandered by reckless people like you . so andyl ,... why do you keep going to the effort of linking the red ensign to zundel-people ,....? why make such a big effort to link such insignificant sightings of the red ensign at zundel rallies ,...? well ,...? eh ,...? why ,...? i am prepared to continue this debate/deleting of the red ensign racist-group linking , ad-nauseium , ad-infinitum . armchairvexillologistdon
0.54351914
andyl i have deleted your reference to the canadian red ensign and the zundel people i shall keep doing so everyday if i have to forever next up you can expect nothing some wingdings have put up the red ensign at this iditos rally once in a while so what that does not make the red ensign theirs why do you try so hard to link the red ensign to this bunch of nutbags the red ensign is a cherished symbol of canada im trying to protect it from getting slandered by reckless people like you so andyl why do you keep going to the effort of linking the red ensign to zundelpeople why make such a big effort to link such insignificant sightings of the red ensign at zundel rallies well eh why i am prepared to continue this debatedeleting of the red ensign racistgroup linking adnauseium adinfinitum armchairvexillologistdon 
0.24885868
idiots, iditos; 

