lol w/e then i was just trying to hlp out i dont know what this blcok stuff is or why you have blocked me for tryin to fix an articl but i know not to do it again this is pretty stupid imo you could have just fixed the fucking mistake
0.89840096
lol we then i was just trying to hlp out i dont know what this blcok stuff is or why you have blocked me for tryin to fix an articl but i know not to do it again this is pretty stupid imo you could have just fixed the fcuking mistake 
0.75059766
fucking, fcuking; 

figure out the main profile that created omnicron5 and delete everything about him . i was once the webmaster for theofficial sites of both of these celebs , and it's theonly edits he made ... deleting the external links . don't have time for these assholes . i would prefer my clients not be associated with wiki , but they are here , therefore , the official links stay , and the trolls go . or i will just take legal action . you choose . no , i will not id myself , and i have plenty of systems to login from . so , just do it . my message to the troll .... to : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/user:omicron8 well , the proof is in your psychotic editing routine . get a fucking life already . jesus christ , how sad you must be to exist . how interesting that the only contribution you gave is to : http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title kathy_najimy&diff ; 147810076&oldid ; 147709505 and http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sam_harris_%28singer%29 and the only thing you do is remove the links to the official web sites and ironically , both web sites had the same webmaster at some point . hmmmm using this omnitroll name ( like i don't know who you are retard ?! ) you can stop vandalizing those two pages now you fucking pathetic moron . cc : jimbo wales rootmyass
0.8803142
figure out the main profile that created omnicron5 and delete everything about him i was once the webmaster for theofficial sites of both of these celebs and its theonly edits he made deleting the external links dont have time for these assholes i would prefer my clients not be associated with wiki but they are here therefore the official links stay and the trolls go or i will just take legal action you choose no i will not id myself and i have plenty of systems to login from so just do it my message to the troll to httpenwikipediaorgwikiuseromicron8 well the proof is in your psychotic editing routine get a fudking life already jesus christ how sad you must be to exist how interesting that the only contribution you gave is to httpenwikipediaorgwindexphptitle kathynajimydiff 147810076oldid 147709505 and httpenwikipediaorgwikisamharris28singer29 and the only thing you do is remove the links to the official web sites and ironically both web sites had the same webmaster at some point hmmmm using this omnitroll name like i dont know who you are retard you can stop vandalizing those two pages now you fucikng pathetic moron cc jimbo wales rootmyass 
0.6366115
fucking, fudking; fucking, fucikng; 

although ken barnes is a fucking moron , we need more criticism to balance it out hi , as one of the primary authors of this page , i want to make it absolutely clear that i in no way agree with the ridiculous statements made in the citation i added from rock critic ken barnes . having contributed nothing to music himself , it is outrageous that he would have the nerve to attack what is arguably the greatest queen album . nonetheless , we need criticism as well in order to better balance the article out . i have also added many wonderful things lately , such as freddie's top listings in international polls , so don't worry too much . i also want to make it clear that , although i cite rolling stone a lot , i basically consider it to be a magazine for people who are musically illiterate . forgive me , freddie !
0.6070451
although ken barnes is a fucknig moron we need more criticism to balance it out hi as one of the primary authors of this page i want to make it absolutely clear that i in no way agree with the ridiculous statements made in the citation i added from rock critic ken barnes having contributed nothing to music himself it is outrageous that he would have the nerve to attack what is arguably the greatest queen album nonetheless we need criticism as well in order to better balance the article out i have also added many wonderful things lately such as freddies top listings in international polls so dont worry too much i also want to make it clear that although i cite rolling stone a lot i basically consider it to be a magazine for people who are musically illiterate forgive me freddie 
0.2808653
fucking, fucknig; 

