all of the comments made under the section f is now for falcon are from me . and then both of you ( stuff and gw ) responded to them . i am going to delete my own comments . what you do with yours is up to you . if you keep putting mine back in than that is vandalism and i will have you blocked . as for clinton 1 ) during the first administration they had a policy outlawing human space travel beyond leo 2 ) i read on http://www.spacepolitics.com/ that a clinton staffer recently showed an interest in supporting private space companies such as bigelow . 3 ) during the first administration they really wanted to make a woman nasa administrator . they may do so this time around 4 ) wake the falcon up you dumbfalcon motherfalconers !!! what falconing planet did you grow up on . woman don't like that language !!! it does not help if you are trying to get in their pants . it does not help if you want them to marry you someday . it does not help if they hold the pursestrings to cots funding that you want . how falconing stupid can you be ?????????
0.617935
all of the comments made under the section f is now for falcon are from me and then both of you stuff and gw responded to them i am going to delete my own comments what you do with yours is up to you if you keep putting mine back in than that is vandalism and i will have you blocked as for clinton 1 during the first administration they had a policy outlawing human space travel beyond leo 2 i read on httpwwwspacepoliticscom that a clinton staffer recently showed an interest in supporting private space companies such as bigelow 3 during the first administration they really wanted to make a woman nasa administrator they may do so this time around 4 wake the falcon up you dumbfalcon motherfalconers what falconing planet did you grow up on woman dont like that language it does not help if you are trying to get in their pants it does not help if you want them to marry you someday it does not help if they hold the pursestrings to cots funding that you want how falconing stuipd can you be 
0.2679509
stupid, stuipd; 

it was my own fucking page !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! can one edit their own page ???????????????????
0.94134134
it was my own fcuking page can one edit their own page 
0.10743155
fucking, fcuking; 

go fuck yourself !!! you fucking delteted it anyway ! whats the fucking point of a public encyclopedia if you delete evrything !?!?!? i've edited a few pages so that they are more dettailed and wtf do you all do !?!!?!?!?!?! fucking get rid of it !!!!!!! and dumb down articles just to cater for you publicly ignorant american twats i hope george bush gets killed by islams fuck you all !!
0.9849182
go ufck yourself you fucking delteted it anyway whats the fucking point of a public encyclopedia if you delete evrything ive edited a few pages so that they are more dettailed and wtf do you all do fucking get rid of it and dumb down articles just to cater for you publicly ignorant american twats i hope george bush gets killed by islams fukc you all 
0.95287985
fuck, ufck; fuck, fukc; 

