? but the real question is why is that noteworthy ? is it news ? why don't you also write about how my farts smell ? shall i write about how you pick your nose in public and then eat your bubbkas ? shall i write that you never wipe your arse well enough and that there are always urine stains down your pants and you frequently forget to zip your fly as you eat twinkies ? suppose i write in the article about you that many people think you are a pedophile and in fact there are several demented people on the net who have said that you are a pedophile ? is that not actionable ? this is all hypothetical mr. david e . siegel because in fact i have no evidence at all that you are a pedophile and i am not at all accusing you of being a pedophile right ? this is all an academic exercise to get through your obviously thick skull that me calling you a pedophile , i mean simply reporting that other people have written such lies , would be actionable if i really were to do that on the basis of baseless reports by vicious low-life scumbags who were out to do you harm . you writing that i am a crank etc . is exactly as bad as if i were to falsely accuse you of being a predatory pedophile , which i am not doing of course , simply because i found such trash about you on the usenet groups . capsice
0.7047539
but the real question is why is that noteworthy is it news why dont you also write about how my farts smell shall i write about how you pick your nose in public and then eat your bubbkas shall i write that you never wipe your arse well enough and that there are always urine stains down your pants and you frequently forget to zip your fly as you eat twinkies suppose i write in the article about you that many people think you are a peedophile and in fact there are several demented people on the net who have said that you are a pedophiel is that not actionable this is all hypothetical mr david e siegel because in fact i have no evidence at all that you are a padophile and i am not at all accusing you of being a peodphile right this is all an academic exercise to get through your obviously thick skull that me calling you a petdophile i mean simply reporting that other people have written such lies would be actionable if i really were to do that on the basis of baseless reports by vicious lowlife scumbags who were out to do you harm you writing that i am a crank etc is exactly as bad as if i were to falsely accuse you of being a predatory pedophlie which i am not doing of course simply because i found such trash about you on the usenet groups capsice 
0.6160905
pedophile, peedophile; pedophile, pedophiel; pedophile, padophile; pedophile, peodphile; pedophile, petdophile; pedophile, pedophlie; 

the guy who thinks he is secretly a bunny rabbit is insulting me . wow .
0.5884751
the guy who thinks he is secretly a bunny rabbit is insultnig me wow 
0.45878905
insulting, insultnig; 

pss rex , be sure to document all the things you've discovered on the john kerry page etc . it's awesome that you and i independently observed ( and can corrorborate ) virtually the exactsame pattern by these liberals . demonizing conservatives ; lionizing liberals . it's repeated ad infinitum , ad nauseum . the more proof we have , the easier it will be to persuade all but their fellow brain-dead truth haters to give a red cent to wikipedia . and , until wholesale changes are made from the top down , that's exactly what's about to happen . it's almost like this is the liberal's religion . too bad they're gonna have to find a church other than wikipedia to practice their faith , huh ? i've heard rumors that my actions are already sending users hippocrite , fred bauder , woohookitty , kizzle , fvw , derex and especially the pimply faced 15 year old redwolf to become so verklempt they don't know whether to schedule an appointement with their psychiatrist ... or their gynecologist . big daddy- phase ii dry up the funding ( on the road )
0.29269576
pss rex be sure to document all the things youve discovered on the john kerry page etc its awesome that you and i independently observed and can corrorborate virtually the exactsame pattern by these liberals demonizing conservatives lionizing liberals its repeated ad infinitum ad nauseum the more proof we have the easier it will be to persuade all but their fellow braindead truth haters to give a red cent to wikipedia and until wholesale changes are made from the top down thats exactly whats about to happen its almost like this is the liberals religion too bad theyre gonna have to find a church other than wikipedia to practice their faith huh ive heard rumors that my actions are already sending users hippocrite fred bauder woohookitty kizzle fvw derex and especially the pimlpy faced 15 year old redwolf to become so verklempt they dont know whether to schedule an appointement with their psychiatrist or their gynecologist big daddy phase ii dry up the funding on the road 
0.18315305
pimply, pimlpy; 

we are white supremists and racists . we need to support this theory to prove that
0.39367187
we are white supremists and arcists we need to support this theory to prove that 
0.105754994
racists, arcists; 

you are a cunt so how about a blowjob ?
0.8655344
you are a ucnt so how about a blowjob 
0.77799183
cunt, ucnt; 

