are you some sort of idiot ?? if you don't want the warning messages , then stop adding unsourced information . i just told you i didnt ! now remove that rubbish attached to my ip because the orange box wont go away , like you
0.8367964
are you some sort of iidot if you dont want the warning messages then stop adding unsourced information i just told you i didnt now remove that rubbish attached to my ip because the orange box wont go away like you 
0.6123505
idiot, iidot; 

:: i'll get the barnstar graphic done asap and send to you , then we can figure that shit out . also last night i did something super bad on wikipedia but i had to do it .... found this guys user page , and i loathe him ( i know him from online forums and shit ) i know its the right guy cause he commented on the oink article and i know him from the site .... and its funny cause no one has seen/caught me yet haha o dear , and don't you go reporting it ! for once ....
0.5314638
ill get the barnstar graphic done asap and send to you then we can figure that  out also last night i did something super bad on wikipedia but i had to do it found this guys user page and i loathe him i know him from online forums and hsit i know its the right guy cause he commented on the oink article and i know him from the site and its funny cause no one has seencaught me yet haha o dear and dont you go reporting it for once 
0.15679538
shit, ; shit, hsit; 

zionist jew please stop spreadin your lies , bias , and propaganda . your a zionist jew , that suports the terrorist state of israel , and you want our nations to help your sorry state . im digusted at your posts in the israel discussion page , almost makes me puke ! zionists are going to cause armageddon to us all ! and even if your not israeli , i know your a zionist , because your views about israel , are bias ! zionists are obviously going to want the destruction of palestine , and support the mass genocide of innocent palestinians ! were fighting your war in iraq ! youve tricked our nations in suporting your terrorist state . you probaly also want the creation of the old israel baxck to , which involves the invasion of countries like syria , iraq ... hmmm maybe thats why your starting wars with them , and stereling oil , by creating oil pipes ! be ashamed you zionist ! for the sake of humanity
0.66187894
zionist jew please stop spreadin your lies bias and propaganda your a zionist jew that suports the terrorist state of israel and you want our nations to help your sorry state im digusted at your posts in the israel discussion page almost makes me puek zionists are going to cause armageddon to us all and even if your not israeli i know your a zionist because your views about israel are bias zionists are obviously going to want the destruction of palestine and support the mass genocide of innocent palestinians were fighting your war in iraq youve tricked our nations in suporting your terrorist state you probaly also want the creation of the old israel baxck to which involves the invasion of countries like syria iraq hmmm maybe thats why your starting wars with them and stereling oil by creating oil pipes be ashamed you zionist for the sake of humanity 
0.5865027
puke, puek; 

