ms. dynamite is not webcomic , she is some stupid singer i am very disappointed in dolty wikipedians who has no common sense to make a bad decision to redirect to ms. dynamite when miss dynamite was mentioned in other articles as a webcomic . if wikipedian won't remove redirect then he will be stupid enough to be not smart . redirect command must be removed . ms. dynamite is not part of webcomic , she is singer . what dolt ! wikipedians may be computer geeks but none of them have common sense that make them dumb .
0.70112926
ms dynamite is not webcomic she is some stwpid singer i am very disappointed in dolty wikipedians who has no common sense to make a bad decision to redirect to ms dynamite when miss dynamite was mentioned in other articles as a webcomic if wikipedian wont remove redirect then he will be stpuid enough to be not smart redirect command must be removed ms dynamite is not part of webcomic she is singer what dolt wikipedians may be computer geeks but none of them have common sense that make them dumb 
0.3469257
stupid, stwpid; stupid, stpuid; 

no they are not . because no matter what there going to hell . also i think if they had large a large penises woman would be attracted to them .
0.6281311
no they are not because no matter what there going to hell also i think if they had large a large pneises woman would be attracted to them 
0.392005
penises, pneises; 

oh for chrissakes deconstructhis , will you stop this bullshit once and for all ? leave me edits alone please ... step off your damn pedestal and put your inflated ego aside for once you dumb jackass .
0.9146814
oh for chrissakes deconstructhis will you stop this bullshit once and for all leave me edits alone please step off your damn pedestal and put your inflated ego aside for once you dumb ajckass 
0.9043545
jackass, ajckass; 

omp you don't have a point you christian bigot . oh my penelope . otherwise you would have answered my questions . omp and i bet you didn't even look at the site . omp omp omp . we deserve as much respect as the next minority religion . i mean , come on , man . t-shirts . omp you are very stupid . and omp what's with the squiggles ? they don't mean anything . they're just you being a control-freak , christian bigot .
0.8405358
omp you dont have a point you christian bigot oh my penelope otherwise you would have answered my questions omp and i bet you didnt even look at the site omp omp omp we deserve as much respect as the next minority religion i mean come on man tshirts omp you are very sutpid and omp whats with the squiggles they dont mean anything theyre just you being a controlfreak christian bigot 
0.68834305
stupid, sutpid; 

racists not wanted . go away .
0.56148934
racisst not wanted go away 
0.12124242
racists, racisst; 

you wanna know what i think tony ? and yeh go ahed n label this az iamandrewrice it wil only make me laugh at ur ignorance even mor ur just a homofobe yeh blatez ! ' sup blud ? shor mayte ! wanna no wot the prob iz with u ? u need 2 f'in get a lyf mayt ! get a gf ! get a bf ! but for f's sake ! dont take out ur ugliness on other peeps ! f yeah ! ryte then , a'm off ter vandalize now blatez lolz yeh babe !
0.7875143
you wanna know what i think tony and yeh go ahed n label this az iamandrewrice it wil only make me laugh at ur ignorance even mor ur just a homofobe yeh blatez sup blud shor mayte wanna no wot the prob iz with u u need 2 fin get a lyf mayt get a gf get a bf but for fs sake dont take out ur guliness on other peeps f yeah ryte then am off ter vandalize now blatez lolz yeh babe 
0.6678181
ugliness, guliness; 

