, 28 february 2008 ( utc ) ::::: the source is the united states census bureau you idiot . don't you even get it yet ? 20:29
0.7413801
28 february 2008 utc the source is the united states census bureau you idoit dont you even get it yet 2029 
0.24647184
idiot, idoit; 

:::::::: i just realized that wiki is for fucking internet nerds . write whatever you want , its not like professors or research organizations take your babble as worth more than a pile of shit . dook53 is a nerd who lives in new jersey and never went to dook . what a pathetic loser . let us know if you ever get laid , dook53 , in closing , fuck you all .
0.9592077
i just realized that wiki is for fucking internet nerds write whatever you want its not like professors or research organizations take your babble as worth more than a pile of shit dook53 is a nerd who lives in new jersey and never went to dook what a pathetic loser let us know if you ever get laid dook53 in closing fukc you all 
0.9409299
fuck, fukc; 

:::: you are the one who has to stop making racial comments and treat other people like equal and stop implying that that european race is any better than the others . i am not european myself and i dont care which country is in or out . by the way that does not depend on you ... wikipedia is the only place were yoursamll brain can express itself just like many other unknowlagable people in here . there is no need for someone to try to make someone look like anything else than what they are . they probably would not even claim to be european if they knew that they would be somehow associated with a fascist like you . maybe all those people have to die their hair platinum blonde for you to like them !
0.5492353
you are the one who has to stop making racial comments and treat other people like equal and stop implying that that european race is any better than the others i am not european myself and i dont care which country is in or out by the way that does not depend on you wikipedia is the only place were yoursamll brain can express itself just like many other unknowlagable people in here there is no need for someone to try to make someone look like anything else than what they are they probably would not even claim to be european if they nkew that they would be somehow associated with a fascist like you maybe all those people have to die their hair platinum blonde for you to like them 
0.47071964
knew, nkew; 

