hi you're a fucking moron .
0.9723784
hi youre a ufcking moron 
0.8859101
fucking, ufcking; 

this is bullshit . i hate you all .
0.95667136
this is bulslhit i hate you all 
0.83881783
bullshit, bulslhit; 

very impressed i love your admin and editing prowess . i understand the hprotected . simple , no agrguement there . but , my claim to being a rouge admin . . . woah ? a catergory that doesn't exist . how is that disruptive ? why are you wasting your time ? i don't listen to new wave of british heavy metal either ( technically not a genre either ) and i am sure as sh ! 1 not a wood badger ! chill out . can you dig it ?
0.42370102
very impressed i love your admin and editing prowess i understand the hprotected simple no agrguement there but my claim to being a rouge admin woah a catergory that doesnt exist how is that disruptive why are you watsing your time i dont listen to new wave of british heavy metal either technically not a genre either and i am sure as sh 1 not a wood badger chill out can you dig it 
0.24519467
wasting, watsing; 

gamaliel/raul654 , helping to make the internet suck i think you will cry like a baby when wikipeidia is burnt down by the angry mob of people you hurt , the ones you stoled their reputations from and the ones that you have insulted and violated with your lies , slander and hate . the anger is growing now , regarding harssment ... a warnning to any of you wikidick goon squad who are even thinking to comes near me ... i hold you / and raul654 personally responsible for their actions as designated operators of this website . the paperwork will go to you , you understand ... you . so , cheers and keep chugging the jimbo juice and play god in this fantisy world ... cuz the real one will be knocking on the door soon . rip joe hazelton here lies another victim of hate , lies , and wikipedia . a victim of the hypocrisy which wikipedia now represents , where slander , lies , refactoring and suppression of truth is a way of life . cry out witch witch witch or sock sock sock with no proof other than hate generated fiction and finger pointing by a bigoted loser editor and admin . some day there will be tombstone for wikipedia . rip wikipedia died 2009 cause of death- malfeasance and arrogance of administrators like gamaliel/raul654 ... cowards , who thought they were gods . kill by men , who thought that the petulant children , who run wikipeida should not have the power over men . wikipedia is being killed by gamaliel and raul654 , and those like them , bigoted hate mongering admins , drunk with power and thinking they are god , untouchable and answerable only to their bloted egos and blind lust for pain of others . where real life and real people had enough and rose up and pulled the plug on a canker sore of the internet . a good idea , turned rotten because it violated the law of human nature .
0.682109
gamalielraul654 helping to make the internet scuk i think you will cry like a baby when wikipeidia is burnt down by the angry mob of people you hurt the ones you stoled their reputations from and the ones that you have insulted and violated with your lies slander and hate the anger is growing now regarding harssment a warnning to any of you wikidick goon squad who are even thinking to comes near me i hold you and raul654 personally responsible for their actions as designated operators of this website the paperwork will go to you you understand you so cheers and keep chugging the jimbo juice and play god in this fantisy world cuz the real one will be knocking on the door soon rip joe hazelton here lies another victim of hate lies and wikipedia a victim of the hypocrisy which wikipedia now represents where slander lies refactoring and suppression of truth is a way of life cry out witch witch witch or sock sock sock with no proof other than hate generated fiction and finger pointing by a bigoted loser editor and admin some day there will be tombstone for wikipedia rip wikipedia died 2009 cause of death malfeasance and arrogance of administrators like gamalielraul654 cowards who thought they were gods kill by men who thought that the petulant children who run wikipeida should not have the power over men wikipedia is being killed by gamaliel and raul654 and those like them bigoted hate mongering admins drunk with power and thinking they are god untouchable and answerable only to their bloted egos and blind lust for pain of others where real life and real people had enough and rose up and pulled the plug on a canker sore of the internet a good idea turned rotten because it violated the law of human nature 
0.60700816
suck, scuk; 

