actually , it's very possible you knew mbk004 and emailed him without messaging him on wikipedia . leave me alone or else . you don't earn the title don , you're no mafia boss , so go sleep with the fishes .
0.37742734
actually its very possible you knew mbk004 and emailed him without messaging him on wikipedia leave me alone or else you dont earn the title don youre no amfia boss so go sleep with the fishes 
0.25712976
mafia, amfia; 

uncivil tennis expert , you antagonize people with your wording , your questions and your manners of editing . i have seen too many examples of it to doubt it anymore . now , it may be purposeful but i gave you the benefit of the doubt by asking you whether or not you are aware of it . maybe you aren't and someone at wiki can help you shed some of the abrasiveness so as not to seem so mean . i realize this post is also abrasive and i wouldn't have made it if you had not also written on my page such an abrasive sentence . if you don't think what you wrote on my page was uncivil and antagonistic then you are either ignorant or stupid . again i'll give you the benefit of the doubt and say you were ignorant of that fact . but now that i have brought it to your attention the ignorant card will no longer be valid . please refrain from bothering me again and i will do likewise .
0.42809385
uncivil tennis expert you antagonize people with your wording your questions and your manners of editing i have seen too many examples of it to doubt it anymore now it may be purposeful but i gave you the benefit of the doubt by asking you whether or not you are aware of it maybe you arent and someone at wiki can help you shed some of the abrasiveness so as not to seem so mean i realize this post is also abrasive and i wouldnt have made it if you had not also written on my page such an abrasive sentence if you dont think what you wrote on my page was uncivil and antagonistic then you are either ignorant or sutpid again ill give you the benefit of the doubt and say you were ignorant of that fact but now that i have brought it to your attention the ignorant card will no longer be valid please refrain from bothering me again and i will do likewise 
0.34035867
stupid, sutpid; 

