getting really annoyed ok the list here is barely usable . it sucks . i don't think we should change it because the arcs and other useful information supposedly don't fit here . but why cant i put a simple link to a website that does have that information ???? that website has all kinds of valuable information that is directly related to the article . yet some wikinazi thinks that this is his personal article and keeps making up some bs about how my link is a form of advertisement or some shit . there are no ads . it is another wiki site , and it is 100% on topic with useful information that everyone keeps trying to add to this article . since he won't let his personal wiki site be altered with useful information then let me keep the link . i'm so sick of pedantic fools making wikipedia so useless and difficult to use . i get that this page should reflect wiki-standards but that link i added is 100% relevant and is far more justified than plenty of external links i've seen on other pages .
0.5641712
getting really annoyed ok the list here is barely usable it uscks i dont think we should change it because the arcs and other useful information supposedly dont fit here but why cant i put a simple link to a website that does have that information that website has all kinds of valuable information that is directly related to the article yet some wikinazi thinks that this is his personal article and keeps making up some bs about how my link is a form of advertisement or some shit there are no ads it is another wiki site and it is 100 on topic with useful information that everyone keeps trying to add to this article since he wont let his personal wiki site be altered with useful information then let me keep the link im so sick of pedantic fools making wikipedia so useless and difficult to use i get that this page should reflect wikistandards but that link i added is 100 relevant and is far more justified than plenty of external links ive seen on other pages 
0.49357098
sucks, uscks; 

:: what ? wtf does it matter if he knew about the explosives or not ? he set up the operation and the same people he was working with gave access to the explosives . and in any case , i question if it is worth believing a single word that comes from mubin's mouth . the man is a scumbag that picks on 12 year old kids and sniffs coke , and 4 million buys a lot of lies .
0.5676814
what wtf does it matter if he knew about the explosives or not he set up the operation and the same people he was working with gave access to the explosives and in any case i question if it is worth believing a single word that comes from mubins mouth the man is a scumabg that picks on 12 year old kids and sniffs coke and 4 million buys a lot of lies 
0.3687963
scumbag, scumabg; 

epic fail 333 i am freaking serious !!! i cannot be blocked . you failed again !!! goodbye .
0.659425
epic fail 333 i am frekaing serious i cannot be blocked you failed again goodbye 
0.49783906
freaking, frekaing; 

epic fail i sucked cambridge's ballz all night . have a good day .
0.7941456
epic fail i uscked cambridges ballz all night have a good day 
0.51992375
sucked, uscked; 

hiya georgie you still are one ugly sob and i am still here . signed wickzilla .
0.7690065
hiya georgie you still are one ugyl sob and i am still here signed wickzilla 
0.48782292
ugly, ugyl; 

