wtf are you stupid white idiots talking about now i no that ur white becoz in my experience only white guys have little tiny dicks and trust me that dick there in the main page is tiny ! in size we must state that black men have the biggest by far compard to any race by atleast double the length width hardness and thrusting and white men ( children if u ask me ! ) have the microscopicly tiny . seriously , i have neva had to ask ' is it in yet ' with a black guy , just screeming nonstop omg but every single white guy ive ever ' had sex ' with ( if you can call it that , jeeeez ) ive been like r u done yet im bored ! btw im a white girl and have oficialy sworn of white guys becoz once u go black u cant go back ;) i agree its not a porn site ( obviously ! ) so hey if you want some 6 inch micropenis put in the main picture to make u white children feel better about yurselves then be my guest i get the real thang anyway every night and ull never get my hot body again white boiz ;)
0.88735455
wtf are you stupid white idoits talking about now i no that ur white becoz in my experience only white guys have little tiny dicks and trust me that dick there in the main page is tiny in size we must state that black men have the biggest by far compard to any race by atleast double the length width hardness and thrusting and white men children if u ask me have the microscopicly tiny seriously i have neva had to ask is it in yet with a black guy just screeming nonstop omg but every single white guy ive ever had sex with if you can call it that jeeeez ive been like r u done yet im bored btw im a white girl and have oficialy sworn of white guys becoz once u go black u cant go back i agree its not a porn site obviously so hey if you want some 6 inch micropenis put in the main picture to make u white children feel better about yurselves then be my guest i get the real thang anyway every night and ull never get my hot body again white boiz 
0.85963947
idiots, idoits; 

hey . it is my judgement in the matter of david tombe that you wikipedia editors do not like to actually receive criticism , but you do like to dish it out in a nasty and abusive manner . you have to change this attitude on your part . your attitude is that everyone has to agree with the consensus , even if it is demonstrably wrong !!!! in my experience david is absolutely right in what he says . you guys are of course wrong . you prevent correction of your obviously wrong errors by blocking this legitimate criticism . that is why your efforts are worthless and wikipedia is just not usable as a source except to cite misinformation on a topic that is being disseminated . every day i find dumb stupid or just plain false statements on wikipedia . i think it should be banned as it is not accurate in any way that i can determine . your blocking policy seems to be the source of the continued errors in wikipedia . i dont reccomend any one using it for any reason . it is just plain innacurate .
0.5646648
hey it is my judgement in the matter of david tombe that you wikipedia editors do not like to actually receive criticism but you do like to dish it out in a nasty and abusive manner you have to change this attitude on your part your attitude is that everyone has to agree with the consensus even if it is demonstrably wrong in my experience david is absolutely right in what he says you guys are of course wrong you prevent correction of your obviously wrong errors by blocking this legitimate criticism that is why your efforts are worthless and wikipedia is just not usable as a source except to cite misinformation on a topic that is being disseminated every day i find dumb stuipd or just plain false statements on wikipedia i think it should be banned as it is not accurate in any way that i can determine your blocking policy seems to be the source of the continued errors in wikipedia i dont reccomend any one using it for any reason it is just plain innacurate 
0.4295645
stupid, stuipd; 

hey todds ! quick q ? why are you so gay
0.787096
hey todds quick q why are you so agy 
0.37167886
gay, agy; 

and then i was walking down the street in india and it was gandhi and he was all ' i don't eat the smoked meats but toddt he's so gay
0.47604868
and then i was walking down the street in india and it was gandhi and he was all i dont eat the smoked meats but toddt hes so agy 
0.2509738
gay, agy; 

