: ... : i didn't do any more after your warning . what a fucking joke man you are . -
0.9043752
i didnt do any more after your warning what a fcuking joke man you are 
0.54444116
fucking ,fcuking ;

fuck fuckity fuck fuck fuck
0.99314475
uck fuckity f u c k fukc fcuk 
0.98143655
fuck ,uck ;

amusing what amuses us in the editing coop is that people like android and dreamguy actually think they are somebody , and they go issuing orders ! anonymous people . ordering other anonymous people . nobody really gives a d*mn . talk to the wall . now , get this : the skeptics are right . there is no zoological bigfoo t.t he issue is rather what kind of life form are people seeing and photographing ? nobody yet here seems to have the brains to address this . imagine , edits not just to the main article , but here in talk as well ! you can't tolerate edits to the bigfoot article and also cannot tolerate dissenting views in talk ! wiki is a fouled up mess and it shows up here very well . now , either back off , reedit the bigfoot page so alternative theories ( not claimed facts ) are shown , or several major websites will list in keywords , links , the true profession of jimbo wales . if we cannot get our voices heard , we will tear down the barn . orphanannie and some of you know what that is . right ?
0.24694233
amusing what amuses us in the editing coop isv that people like android and dreamguy actually think they are somebody and they go issuing orders anonymous people ordering other anonymous people nobody really gives a dmn talk to the wall now get this the skeptics are right there i s no zoological bigfoo tt he issue i s rather what kind of life form are people seeing and photographing nobody yet here seems to have the brains to address this imagine edits not just to the main article but here in talk as well you cant tolerate edits to the bigfoot article and also cannot tolerate dissenting views in talk wiki i s a fouled up mess and it shows up here very well now either back off reedit the bigfoot page so alternative theories not claimed facts are shown or several major websites will list in keywords links the true profession of jimbo wales if we cannot get our voices heard we will tear down the barn orphanannie and some of you know what that si right 
0.18590677
is ,isv ;

