likely that he is the same guy who hates india .. cityvalyu ( talk ) blind or just racist or ingnorant choose one
0.6333829
likely that he is the same guy who haets india cityvalyu talk blind or just racist or ingnorant choose one 
0.4540773
hates, haets; 

matey is that youuu o i think it is big boi whoever wrote that shit bout myles ... im going to petrol bomb your house and kill all 3 of your inbred parent cunts and believe me i know who it is and i will find a way to fit a bottle of lit jack daniels through your fuckin cunt of a shitty letterbox so you can fuck off
0.9771022
matey is that youuu o i think it is big boi whoever wrote that shit bout myles im going to petrol bomb your house and kill all 3 of your inbred parent cunts and believe me i know who it is and i will find a way to fit a bottle of lit jack daniels through your fuckin cunt of a shitty letterbox so you can ufck off 
0.9670582
fuck, ufck; 

what difference does it make ? go away . i am not testing , i am making edits that you decide to rv just because they're by me .
0.08547552
what difference does it make og away i am not testing i am making edits that you decide to rv just because theyre by me 
0.054418977
go, og; 

::: max , i seriously don't give a flying fuck about you , jakezing , or your attitudes towards each other . what's done is done . what you need to do now is move on . forget about jake . you'll probably never see him again on wikipedia . you've spoiled your otherwise-clean record dealing with that pompous jackass , and you don't need to do any more damage to it . so he didn't tell you why he had a problem with you . quite frankly , i can't understand why either of you kept arguing with the other for so long . i believe that's just poor judgment , really . in any case , i don't have to help you with anything , nor will i . the only reason i stepped into this was because i was trying to stop you two from ripping each others ' throats out , and that didn't do any good , since you two just kept right on . he might have confused you with someone else , but that was no reason for you to keep harassing him about it . you and him both have displayed abuse of wp : civil and wp : npa on countless occasions . now , please , do us all a favor and go on your way . ()
0.7315043
max i seriously dont give a flying ufck about you jakezing or your attitudes towards each other whats done is done what you need to do now is move on forget about jake youll probably never see him again on wikipedia youve spoiled your otherwiseclean record dealing with that pompous jackass and you dont need to do any more damage to it so he didnt tell you why he had a problem with you quite frankly i cant understand why either of you kept arguing with the other for so long i believe thats just poor judgment really in any case i dont have to help you with anything nor will i the only reason i stepped into this was because i was trying to stop you two from ripping each others throats out and that didnt do any good since you two just kept right on he might have confused you with someone else but that was no reason for you to keep harassing him about it you and him both have displayed abuse of wp civil and wp npa on countless occasions now please do us all a favor and go on your way 
0.55947465
fuck, ufck; 

