btw why the heck did you post so much info on your user page ? old men like michael jackson can come to your apt and rape you xd
0.7657517
btw why the heck did you post so much info on your user page old men like michael jackson can come to your apt and arpe you xd 
0.54864573
rape, arpe; 

hello liberal maggot just want to let you know rob , i'm still around , watching and putting together my plans to deal with wikipediots , like you . i see , from some of the others that posted on your talk page , you seemed to have develop a rather nice fan club ... tread carefully , your internet actions will have consequences . see that dork , david , the son of mike kernell , democratic state rep from tennessee u , see here and his run in with the fbi ... liberal maggots , like you rob and your beer and new age gotheanen dickhead bud , can't win on augment , so you all have to use chicago street thuggery and censorship , and ratfucking to win ... you , and your kind are thugs and maggots ... if you consider this a personal attack on you rob , the answer is - yes . but you use wikipeida to personally attack others , including myself , and my friends , so i have no moral compunctions to to show you reciprocity ( social psychology ) in this . your shadow joe .
0.6208738
hello liberal magogt just want to let you know rob im still around watching and putting together my plans to deal with wikipediots like you i see from some of the others that posted on your talk page you seemed to have develop a rather nice fan club tread carefully your internet actions will have consequences see that dork david the son of mike kernell democratic state rep from tennessee u see here and his run in with the fbi liberal maggots like you rob and your beer and new age gotheanen dickhead bud cant win on augment so you all have to use chicago street thuggery and censorship and ratfucking to win you and your kind are thugs and maggots if you consider this a personal attack on you rob the answer is yes but you use wikipeida to personally attack others including myself and my friends so i have no moral compunctions to to show you reciprocity social psychology in this your shadow joe 
0.5739436
maggot, magogt; 

hello liberal maggot part two censorship will not make me go away ... thanks to you , rob , i am now using my influence , to undermine the crediablity of wikipedidiots , like you , and wikipedia . to bad you don't want to acknowledge the fact that you and your kind are ignorant , knuckle dragging , cyberthugs . your shadow joe .
0.73084027
hello liberal maggot part two censorship will not make me go away thanks to you rob i am now using my influence to undermine the crediablity of wikipedidiots like you and wikipedia to bad you dont want to acknowledge the fact that you and your kind are ignroant knuckle dragging cyberthugs your shadow joe 
0.7096548
ignorant, ignroant; 

why now why did you revert it now . by78 is not doing because something need to be clarified , but it's deliberate . all links with detailed explanation exists but still act like a dumb person . this is deliberate . and why did you admin revert this edit . this is unacceptable . do you have any source to claim the contrary whatever edits have been made with sources . if yes provide it or else please don't revert and support vandalism . if this is the case , i am going to remove anything i like from the pages in any article with just one link and then say i am not satisfied with any explanation and going in circle . this is stupid .
0.60551083
why now why did you revert it now by78 is not doing because something need to be clarified but its deliberate all links with detailed explanation exists but still act like a dumb person this is deliberate and why did you admin revert this edit this is unacceptable do you have any source to claim the contrary whatever edits have been made with sources if yes provide it or else please dont revert and support vandalism if this is the case i am going to remove anything i like from the pages in any article with just one link and then say i am not satisfied with any explanation and going in circle this is stuipd 
0.48263726
stupid, stuipd; 

. this article is an insult to objectivity this article does a very poor job of maintaining an objective stance , it is undeniable . it is a travesty to make it appear as though mark kirk opposes the war in iraq despite the fact that he helped write and co-sponsored the house resolution to invade iraq in 2003 . it is also absolutely ridiculous to boast that he received an award from the league of conservation voters , and yet fail to mention that the very same group gave him an f rating last congressional session
0.24170673
this article is an insult to objectivity this article does a very poor job of maintaining an objective stance it is undeniable it is a travesty to make it appear as though mark kirk opposes the war in iraq despite the fact that he helped write and cosponsored the house resolution to invade iraq in 2003 it is also absolutely ridicuolus to boast that he received an award from the league of conservation voters and yet fail to mention that the very same group gave him an f rating last congressional session 
0.16638446
ridiculous, ridicuolus; 

