why did you delete my last message you raging queer get a life
0.6016324
why did you delete my last message you raging queer get a lfie 
0.57088584
life, lfie; 

excuse me ... and encyclopedia is defined as a book or set of books containing articles on various topics , usually in alphabetical arrangement , covering all branches of knowledge or , less commonly , all aspects of one subject . do i need to cite my source . would you like it in mla or apa ... you have no right ... regardless of administrative privelages , to remove something that has anything to do with urbonics . you will allow people to post smutt-filled garbage lyrics of bands made famous for eating their bandmates skull ... mayhem would be that band btw ... it's available in your search cache btw ... if i create a write a biography of myself would you delete that too ... freedom of speech ... and as well as creativity . it's humourous . a sense that you were unable to attain as a young child assimilating into this big bad schema , know as the fucking world . do you get a head rush from deleting everything that pops up here ... how about you take your pages down about fucking . douchebag
0.843156
excuse me and encyclopedia is defined as a book or set of books containing articles on various topics usually in alphabetical arrangement covering all branches of knowledge or less commonly all aspects of one subject do i need to cite my source would you like it in mla or apa you have no right regardless of administrative privelages to remove something that has anything to do with urbonics you will allow people to post smuttfilled garbage lyrics of bands made famous for eating their bandmates skull mayhem would be that band btw its available in your search cache btw if i create a write a biography of myself would you delete that too freedom of speech and as well as creativity its humourous a sense that you were unable to attain as a young child assimilating into this big bad schema know as the fuckrng world do you get a head rush from deleting everything that pops up here how about you take your pages down about fukcing douchebag 
0.3467645
fucking, fuckrng; fucking, fukcing; 

