masturbation graemel , i was wondering if your edits are like a form of literary masturbation for you ? i'm curious , have you had any success in your lifetime ? i can on imagine a jealous perpetually failing loser could possibly be so particularly concerned with what rational people would agree is legitimate content simply because you are affraid of any association whatsoever with commercialism . are you jealous , envious , or affraid of people who succeed ? maybe you'd be best to give up your life as a failure and join a commune , where you can spend your days feeling as equaly imcompeted as your fellow unsuccessful losers . at your commune , no one is superior and no one enjoys more success than others , therefore you don't have to feel ashamed of your lack of accomplishment . do your edits make you feel important ? does your mommy or boyfriend control your life so much that you're only able to feel satisfaction in your life through the edits you demand ? enjoy yourself , graemel . i'm sure you'll keep up your crusade like the predictible loser i know you must be . i'm going to stop further wasting my time with wikipedia and go continue what i do best - which is to make money . bye , bye , loser .
0.7185987
masturbation graemel i was wondering if your edits are like a form of literary masturbation for you im curious have you had any success in your lifetime i can on imagine a jealous perpetually failing loesr could possibly be so particularly concerned with what rational people would agree is legitimate content simply because you are affraid of any association whatsoever with commercialism are you jealous envious or affraid of people who succeed maybe youd be best to give up your life as a failure and join a commune where you can spend your days feeling as equaly imcompeted as your fellow unsuccessful losers at your commune no one is superior and no one enjoys more success than others therefore you dont have to feel ashamed of your lack of accomplishment do your edits make you feel important does your mommy or boyfriend control your life so much that youre only able to feel satisfaction in your life through the edits you demand enjoy yourself graemel im sure youll keep up your crusade like the predictible coser i know you must be im going to stop further wasting my time with wikipedia and go continue what i do best which is to make money bye bye losre 
0.5690998
loser, loesr; loser, coser; loser, losre; 

for dipshits especially the guy who changed my comment
0.45514154
for diphsits especially the guy who changed my comment 
0.116647124
dipshits, diphsits; 

since you can not read and extract details , do you want me to do that for you , also , you are ignorant , since everything i wrote prooved to be correct , everything i wrote you took down in the first place ...
0.5151473
since you can not read and extract details do you want me to do that for you also you are ginorant since everything i wrote prooved to be correct everything i wrote you took down in the first place 
0.10400967
ignorant, ginorant; 

