any retard understands the concept of recoil . i only need to cite information that is likely to be disputed . i don't need to cite each and every fucking word . and no matter how much you're protesting , you've nit-picked everything i've done on glock since you got your panties in an uproar over something . not sure what your problem is with me , but it's really fucking stupid .
0.9191733
any retard understands the concept of recoil i only need to cite information that is likely to be disputed i dont need to cite each and every cfucking word and no matter how much youre protesting youve nitpicked everything ive done on glock since you got your panties in an uproar over something not sure what your problem is with me but its really fcuking stupid 
0.794655
fucking, cfucking; fucking, fcuking; 

disregard might i add that he started it ? read the comments on my talk page and you'll see , if not check his history . iw as being nice and giving tips to him . all of a sudden he attacks me and calls me a vandal . it was in my defence that i retaliate back . you'll also notice he hasn't deleted the message i left on his talkpage thus making me look bad . if anything you just don't get the gist of what he is trying to do . he reverts my edits from the page without explanation . so in other words he is an asshole and you'r praise earns little weight on wikipedia . i have a right to defend myself . and my comments are not uncivil merely strong criticism . he's an asshole because he acts like a retard .
0.73465794
disregard might i add that he started it read the comments on my talk page and youll see if not check his history iw as being nice and giving tips to him all of a sudden he attacks me and calls me a vandal it was in my defence that i retaliate back youll also notice he hasnt deleted the message i left on his talkpage thus making me look bad if anything you just dont get the gist of what he is trying to do he reverts my edits from the page without explanation so in other words he is an asslole and your praise earns little weight on wikipedia i have a right to defend myself and my comments are not uncivil merely strong criticism hes an assohle because he acts like a retard 
0.4116128
asshole, asslole; asshole, assohle; 

dipshit dipshit redirects here , but there are no references to the word in the article . why is this ? i mean yeah , the base word shit is part of it , but still , doing a redirect to an article with no information on the topic seems silly . have noticed this on several other topics , but haven't thought to complain about it before .
0.54810315
dipshit dipshit redirects here but there are no references to the word in the article why is this i mean yeah the base word hsit is part of it but still doing a redirect to an article with no information on the topic seems silly have noticed this on several other topics but havent thought to complain about it before 
0.36106098
shit, hsit; 

