thanks for stepping in on the vandalism on britches ( monkey ) that is all .
0.2344637
thanks for stepping in on the vandalism on britches monkye that is all 
0.22117779
monkey, monkye; 

response i stand by that edit . it's rude as all hell to slap very ugly templates all over an article and not even contact the author when you don't actually dispute anything in that article . i stand by everything i wrote in that article , and will happily provide sources for anything that is disputed , but i'm not going to waste my time because someone wants to be a prick .
0.61279577
response i stand by that edit its rude as all hell to slap very ugly templates all over an article and not even contact the author when you dont actually dispute anything in that article i stand by everything i wrote in that article and will happily provide sources for anything that is disputed but im not going to waste my time because someone wants to be a prikc 
0.6086326
prick, prikc; 

: yeah , what the fuck are you wittering on about ? if we did have a shortage of space , you're mindless , boring ramblings would would the first to go . you know this is a universal site ? just because you don't respect ( or more likely understand ) british laws doesn't mean they shouldn't be on here . bloody yank , ( yerr , mutter mutter ) with yer hamburgers and yer sidewalks and yer inflexible , overrated constitutions and yer sneakers . and who , i ask you , who re-writes fawlty towers with basil as a woman ?
0.7955169
yeah what the fukc are you wittering on about if we did have a shortage of space youre mindless boring ramblings would would the first to go you know this is a universal site just because you dont respect or more likely understand british laws doesnt mean they shouldnt be on here bloody yank yerr mutter mutter with yer hamburgers and yer sidewalks and yer inflexible overrated constitutions and yer sneakers and who i ask you who rewrites fawlty towers with basil as a woman 
0.4823768
fuck, fukc; 

