this man is an imposter , for i am the prime minister of canada !!!! fear my wrath for i control the candians !! the most feared fighting force in the known world !!!!!!!
0.50091606
this man is an impsoter for i am the prime minister of canada fear my wrath for i control the candians the most feared fighting force in the known world 
0.09987105
imposter, impsoter; 

jdwolff ( the mentally imbalanced loser ) wryfully strikes again . . . some people always just seem to allow their utter incoherence to get the better of them . as a white medical doctor , i am totally disgusted by the general medical council ( gmc ) and strongly support the ' fire and brimestone ' approach of the abolish the gmc campaign . the gmc press office directly connives with the tabloids to blast their own screaming headlines all over the place - so the abolish the gmc guys have every right to choose the very same style if they so wish . jdwolff should go take a long cold shower - as his bias stinks !
0.59717077
jdwolff the mentally imbalanced loser wryfully strikes again some people always just seem to allow their utter incoherence to get the better of them as a white medical doctor i am totally disgusted by the general medical council gmc and strongly support the fire and brimestone approach of the abolish the gmc campaign the gmc press office directly connives with the tabloids to blast their own screaming headlines all over the place so the abolish the gmc guys have every right to choose the very same style if they so wish jdwolff should go take a long cold shower as his bias stniks 
0.4982308
stinks, stniks; 

i find jpgordon's claims to be bogus ... none of those are personal attacks as they are not addressed to any specific person . furthermore , i now have doubts about the intentions of jpgordon as he has refused to block canderra despite canderra's violation of the 3rr rule ( 4 reverts in 24 hours ) . see revert 1 and 4 compared . http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title che_guevara&diff ; 39908363&oldid ; 39772586 i also think it is a bit suspect that 2 other leftists editors jump on board immediatly following my block and work to revert and discuss once i'm gone ... and find it a bit more suspect that these leftists and jpgordon accuse some anonymous ip address as being me ... talk about good faith . canderra's claims are idiotic at best . i am not surprised that the leftists don't care as they have shown no dicipline for allowing information contrary to their own beliefs . even the most insane excuses are accepted by them . saying these this behavior is idiotic or stupid is reasonable given the fact that this material is deleted because canderra believes the sources to be blogs . not one source is a blog . the new york sun , usa today , frontpage magazine , florida international university , history news network , and the independent research institute ... are not blogs . canderra is just making up excuses to delete information he does not like and the leftists sycophants are working to have me blocked while ignoring canderra's ( and others ) abuses . ( gibby )
0.44335732
i find jpgordons claims to be bogus none of those are personal attacks as they are not addressed to any specific person furthermore i now have doubts about the intentions of jpgordon as he has refused to block canderra despite canderras violation of the 3rr rule 4 reverts in 24 hours see revert 1 and 4 compared httpenwikipediaorgwindexphptitle cheguevaradiff 39908363oldid 39772586 i also think it is a bit suspect that 2 other leftists editors jump on board immediatly following my block and work to revert and discuss once im gone and find it a bit more suspect that these leftists and jpgordon accuse some anonymous ip address as being me talk about good faith canderras claims are iidiotic at best i am not surprised that the leftists dont care as they have shown no dicipline for allowing information contrary to their own beliefs even the most insane excuses are accepted by them saying these this behavior is diiotic or stupid is reasonable given the fact that this material is deleted because canderra believes the sources to be blogs not one source is a blog the new york sun usa today frontpage magazine florida international university history news network and the independent research institute are not blogs canderra is just making up excuses to delete information he does not like and the leftists sycophants are working to have me blocked while ignoring canderras and others abuses gibby 
0.19374542
idiotic, iidiotic; idiotic, diiotic; 

