yes i think you suck and should be banned my conncerns are non of your bissnis so just die the painfulist way
0.85610545
yes i think you sukc and should be banned my conncerns are non of your bissnis so just die the painfulist way 
0.54891413
suck, sukc; 

reply to your comments on my talk page your uncivil tone notwithstanding , i love being proved wrong , so please take this to wikipedia : deletion review . if you have a problem with my resolution , please submit to the appropriate forum on wikipedia : administrators noticeboard . regarding my decision : the concepts you were trying to present exist in the book's article ; greater expounding does not , in my good faith search , exist in any documented form that conforms to our expectations , such as found at wp :v and wp : rs . again , if you disagree , i encourage you to use the forums/ outlets available to you . my closure was a non-admin closure . - : bollocks . that was an administrative action . that this is verifiable is admitted by you redirecting it to an article about a book covering it . - () wolfkeeper :: deletion is administrative . redirection is not inherently so and is most often executed by non-administrators . that book , poorly referenced itself as being notable enough for inclusion , is barely enough to address such an obscure presentation . 100,000 % greater clarity is required to make any sense of the topic as it is . - ::: no , i just checked . the policy clearly says you can't comment and close it even if you're not using admin priviledges . - () wolfkeeper ::: i repeat , who the hell do you think you are ? - () wolfkeeper
0.24511123
reply to your comments on my talk page your uncivil tone notwithstanding i love being proved wrong so please take this to wikipedia deletion review if you have a problem with my resolution please submit to the appropriate forum on wikipedia administrators noticeboard regarding my decision the concepts you were trying to present exist in the books article greater expounding does not in my good faith search exist in any documented form that conforms to our expectations such as found at wp v and wp rs again if you disagree i encourage you to use the forums outlets available to you my closure was a nonadmin closure bollocks that was an administrative action that this is verifiable is admitted by you redirecting it to an article about a book covering it wolfkeeper deletion is administrative redirection is not inherently so and is most often executed by nonadministrators that book poorly referenced itself as being notable enough for inclusion is barely enough to address such an obscure presentation 100000 greater clarity is required to make any sense of the topic as it is no i just checked the policy clearly says you cant comment and close it even if youre not using admin priviledges wolfkeeper i repeat who the ehll do you think you are wolfkeeper 
0.18272713
hell, ehll; 

hey seth , you are a fucking douchebag .
0.9785029
hey seth you are a fcuking douchebag 
0.89130926
fucking, fcuking; 

yeah its me you're telling me not to write offensive stuff , but you'be gotten blocked yourself ? rofl , hypocrite practice what you preach !
0.67522216
yeah its me youre telling me not to write offensive stuff but yoube gotten blocked yourself rofl hypocrtie practice what you preach 
0.5156858
hypocrite, hypocrtie; 

