, 8 august 2009 ( utc ) i just saw xeno's edit comment - a phone call ????? that's a reliable source that verified it for you ???? you're a lousy editor , biased , obstructionist and fixed on defending your article . fact is the claim was unsupported and unverified and should not be in here until such time as a reliable source was produced . you've been completely unable and incapable of providing a source yet more than happy to keep your edit by any means possible . absolute garbage - and i detest your unsupported allegations that i'm a fucking teabagger , republican or one-subject editor -especially since i provided supporting links to my npov editing . this is how you support an edit : you give it a proper name : suncoast regional emmy award /you give it a year : 2000 . /you give it a title : a grave injustice /you give it a channel : wdsu , new orleans - and you provide a reliable source : and you do it without bias according to supporting references . your a biased hack , your attacks , ignorance , incompetence and obstructionism did nothing to better this article , they only serve to drive those you bully away from the project . don't be a dick . oh , and the last 1/2 of the article is garbage fluff that serves no purpose other than to keep the guards and gatekeepers employed . but then anyone who takes issue with your precious must be a republican secret agent bent on who knows what fantasy exists in your mind . and yes , your dickishness here does piss off us neutral editors . like myself , editing npov since ' 01 . 04:38
0.7486443
8 august 2009 utc i just saw xenos edit comment a phone call thats a reliable source that verified it for you youre a lousy editor biased obstructionist and fixed on defending your article fact is the claim was unsupported and unverified and should not be in here until such time as a reliable source was produced youve been completely unable and incapable of providing a source yet more than happy to keep your edit by any means possible absolute garbage and i detest your unsupported allegations that im a fcuking teabagger republican or onesubject editor especially since i provided supporting links to my npov editing this is how you support an edit you give it a proper name suncoast regional emmy award you give it a year 2000 you give it a title a grave injustice you give it a channel wdsu new orleans and you provide a reliable source and you do it without bias according to supporting references your a biased hack your attacks ignorance incompetence and obstructionism did nothing to better this article they only serve to drive those you bully away from the project dont be a dick oh and the last 12 of the article is garbage fluff that serves no purpose other than to keep the guards and gatekeepers employed but then anyone who takes issue with your precious must be a republican secret agent bent on who knows what fantasy exists in your mind and yes your dickishness here does piss off us neutral editors like myself editing npov since 01 0438 
0.5468675
fucking, fcuking; 

wow ! i saw how you deleted my addition to gone maggie gone . you really must be a lonely piece of shit . if you had ever watched the episode you would see how it is a parody of o'reilly and only him in that scene . i reported your deconstructive edit and traced your ip . it also seems like you are a big neo nazi fan of o'reilly and will do whatever you can to protect your friend in christ . let's begin the edit war ! go fuck yourself , faggot !!!
0.9599594
wow i saw how you deleted my addition to gone maggie gone you really must be a lonely piece of shit if you had ever watched the episode you would see how it is a parody of oreilly and only him in that scene i reported your deconstructive edit and traced your ip it also seems like you are a big neo nazi fan of oreilly and will do whatever you can to protect your friend in christ lets begin the edit war go fukc yourself faggot 
0.8851919
fuck, fukc; 

soulja bitch is whack , fuck da dirty south
0.97798365
soulja bitch is whack fukc da dirty south 
0.9656822
fuck, fukc; 

you are worrying about your own concerns ... if you get offended by the removal of pictures than who cares ....!!! i give a damn about these pictures . these fake images has nothing to do with prophet muhammad & with islam . grab and post whatever you like no one cares for that but dont reveal islam in a wrong way & that is what you guys are doing . even every muslims knows about that non neutral article which is also been edited very poorly & without authenticity . but no one is caring for that , like , how many people will get offended and are being offended .
0.5146436
you are worrying about your own concerns if you get offended by the removal of pictures than who cares i give a danm about these pictures these fake images has nothing to do with prophet muhammad with islam grab and post whatever you like no one cares for that but dont reveal islam in a wrong way that is what you guys are doing even every muslims knows about that non neutral article which is also been edited very poorly without authenticity but no one is caring for that like how many people will get offended and are being offended 
0.42588288
damn, danm; 

wendy , get lost . really . not everybody shares your bigoted views . and antonio , quite frankly , you're a fucker for comparing mercado's sexuality to babe ruth's alcoholism . get the fuck off the site . now .
0.9221036
wendy get lost really not everybody shares your bigoted views and antonio quite frankly youre a fucker for comparing mercados sexuality to babe ruths alcoholism get the fukc off the site now 
0.89160115
fuck, fukc; 

