sr/cl : u bud bin a-way . like long time like time outa mind long . gooood shit but mo ' latah an dat . soon az ah gitz back heah sum a de brotherz ' n sistahs sez hance dead or alive ? we're about to send a zion ranger to check on his condition . ah sez whoa ! led me gib him a holler . dis me hollerin bro . de zion rangerz be dem dat do most a ' de walkin tru wallz . not all but most . de wall walkin dude ain gonna do r bro no harm , he jes be checkin . ee-ben so a gentle remindah kum fuhst . u be readin id . a leedle postin a dis ' n dat go down good . doan fohget to cut sum zzzz aftah a tad a postin . sleep good ' n doan fergit ta dream . sumptin might kum jes ta bdh all wrapt roun wid delta wave ' n a kupla otha ' carrierz what we diz-cuss latah . chow , bro .
0.51348114
srcl u bud bin away like long time like time outa mind long gooood hsit but mo latah an dat soon az ah gitz back heah sum a de brotherz n sistahs sez hance dead or alive were about to send a zion ranger to check on his condition ah sez whoa led me gib him a holler dis me hollerin bro de zion rangerz be dem dat do most a de walkin tru wallz not all but most de wall walkin dude ain gonna do r bro no harm he jes be checkin eeben so a gentle remindah kum fuhst u be readin id a leedle postin a dis n dat go down good doan fohget to cut sum zzzz aftah a tad a postin sleep good n doan fergit ta dream sumptin might kum jes ta bdh all wrapt roun wid delta wave n a kupla otha carrierz what we dizcuss latah chow bro 
0.31808168
shit, hsit; 

:: this is internet so isn't a personal attack , i don't know who the hell you are also twat i should have free speech . you can ban this ip address but i'll only get another one , what's the point , bloody hell if i can't say what the hell i like in my own user page there is something wrong here . go die you wiki lover you're against free speech and freedom of expression . this makes you a nazi fuck with a small pencil you massive bell i can cite that as well , arse .
0.85847574
this is internet so isnt a personal attack i dont know who the hell you are also twat i should have free speech you can ban this ip address but ill only get another one whats the point bloody hell if i cant say what the hell i like in my own user page there is something wrong here go die you wiki lover youre against free speech and freedom of expression this makes you a nazi fukc with a small pencil you massive bell i can cite that as well arse 
0.7884556
fuck, fukc; 

what happened to free speech get a fucking life what happend to free speech if you knew about mr todd you know it was his idea that gave one of the best folk group's a chance . and for him to fulfil a passion for poetry that why bastard's like me took the queen shilling not for our fucking grammar skill's so stop and sit on your hand's didn't your mother's tell you to share your toy's and play nice or was she giving me a fucking blow job at the time
0.83190286
what happened to free speech get a fucktng life what happend to free speech if you knew about mr todd you know it was his idea that gave one of the best folk groups a chance and for him to fulfil a passion for poetry that why bastards like me took the queen shilling not for our fhcking grammar skills so stop and sit on your hands didnt your mothers tell you to share your toys and play nice or was she giving me a fukcing blow job at the time 
0.4145159
fucking, fucktng; fucking, fhcking; fucking, fukcing; 

