ukdoctor responds shut up , david ruben - can't you see jdwolff referring to others as tigers in cages !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! david ruben is not any better and should go take a flying leap into the deep end of the pacific ocean if he wants to . . . we white doctors are totally ashamed of the general medical council -and we certainly have the right to say our piece in any way fit .
0.54710525
ukdoctor responds suht up david ruben cant you see jdwolff referring to others as tigers in cages david ruben is not any better and should go take a flying leap into the deep end of the pacific ocean if he wants to we white doctors are totally ashamed of the general medical council and we certainly have the right to say our piece in any way fit 
0.22197044
shut, suht; 

vandalism manifesto . pass to all wikians vandalism is good . vandalism does not come from a sheer desire to cause harm . vandals do their thing all over wiki , 24/7 , from frustration and hatred , because incompetent editors who have no skills , no degrees , no expertise , usually no names , have done multiple reverts and edits of the work of others . vandalism is a good and natural response to no-lifers ( as in get a life ) who do 7000 edits , 10,000 edits a year and who have actual watch lists of 1,300 or more and are proud of it . these jerks deserve have their own pages vandalized , over and over as long as they are in effect , vandalizing the pages of others in the name of being a cop . vandals keep no-life editors , admins , bureaucrats and stewards honest , or at least busy , reverting the reverts they get on their own pages . vandalism is good . it helps drive these nutcases into the ground with nervous breakdowns . the culture of wikipedia is very , very sick , and vandals are needed to cull the herd . support your local vandal . vandal god
0.38342994
vandalism manifesto pass to all wikians vandalism is good vandalism does not come from a sheer desire to cause harm vandals do their thing all over wiki 247 from frustration and hatred because incompetent editors who have no skills no degrees no expertise usually no names have done multiple reverts and edits of the work of others vandalism is a good and natural response to nolifers as in get a life who do 7000 edits 10000 edits a year and who have actual watch lists of 1300 or more and are proud of it these jersk deserve have their own pages vandalized over and over as long as they are in effect vandalizing the pages of others in the name of being a cop vandals keep nolife editors admins bureaucrats and stewards honest or at least busy reverting the reverts they get on their own pages vandalism is good it helps drive these nutcases into the ground with nervous breakdowns the culture of wikipedia is very very sick and vandals are needed to cull the herd support your local vandal vandal god 
0.34027794
jerks, jersk; 

stop vandalising people's hard work . you don't know anything about most subjects , so just kill yourself . and don't act like your all tough sitting behind a computer criticizing other people . p.s. your mom is a dirty whore .
0.9226844
stop vandalising peoples hard work you dont know anything about most subjects so just kill yourself and dont act like your all tough sitting behind a computer criticizing other people ps your mom is a dirty whoer 
0.886717
whore, whoer; 

