final word on this :: yes , i thank you for your time in the matter and i know you were trying to help . i can see that what i was doing was violating wp : point . originally the argument was because of the table width which i knew from the beginning was a dumb thing to fight over , but i was only thinking of aesthetics . she trounced me for it saying that i don't know what i'm doing , that she was enforcing mos standards and it was a known problem because the page didn't show up correctly on certain monitor sizes . all i wanted was for her to show me where these standards are written , and if not that , where this issue was being discussed if it's such a big problem . of course she couldn't . why ? because they don't exist . i called her bluff , she knew it , and then she acted all innocent like i came out of no where to bully her . i got aggressive only after her rude , holier-than-thou tirade started . i've had to play this stupid game before with other idiots around here , usually they just go away , but she wanted to continue talking shit . she's just one of those crybabies who think they own the damn place and that kind of attitude pisses me off to no end . sorry , but that's just me . i see bullshit everyday on here and i ignore 99% of it . she just happened to rub me the wrong way . anyway , it's all cool . i don't care anymore , and is the last i'll talk about it .
0.49085465
final word on this yes i thank you for your time in the matter and i know you were trying to help i can see that what i was doing was violating wp point originally the argument was because of the table width which i knew from the beginning was a dumb thing to fight over but i was only thinking of aesthetics she trounced me for it saying that i dont know what im doing that she was enforcing mos standards and it was a known problem because the page didnt show up correctly on certain monitor sizes all i wanted was for her to show me where these standards are written and if not that where this issue was being discussed if its such a big problem of course she couldnt why because they dont exist i called her bluff she knew it and then she acted all innocent like i came out of no where to bully her i got aggressive only after her rude holierthanthou tirade started ive had to play this stupid game before with other idiots around here usually they just go away but she wanted to continue talking siht shes just one of those crybabies who think they own the damn place and that kind of attitude pisses me off to no end sorry but thats just me i see bullshit everyday on here and i ignore 99 of it she just happened to rub me the wrong way anyway its all cool i dont care anymore and is the last ill talk about it 
0.35599008
shit, siht; 

:::: and why will you have to do that ? i am disrupting the project by asking you to fuck off my talk page ? nope . and ''''
0.86944985
and why will you have to do that i am disrupting the project by asking you to ufck off my talk page nope and 
0.23896357
fuck, ufck; 

