why are my posts being deleted ? i think deepak the dictator is deleting them . can someon block him ? he's a troll who think's he rules wikipedia . i think he also might support the ground nazis cus his name has the letter d in it and i think some nazi's also had that letter
0.35722315
why are my posts being deleted i think deepak the dictator is deleting them can someon block him hes a troll who thinks he rules wikipedia i think he also might support the ground nazyis cus his name has the letter d in it and i think some nazsi also had that letter 
0.2467244
nazi's, nazyis; nazi's, nazsi; 

:: hey dictator how would you like to be on an online radio program up for a debate ? its through the phone . and i can try to cooperate and get a good time then schedule for you . don't be chicken . come on and debate me then .
0.2225975
hey dicattor how would you like to be on an online radio program up for a debate its through the phone and i can try to cooperate and get a good time then schedule for you dont be chicken come on and debate me then 
0.12644216
dictator, dicattor; 

:::::: future perfect at sunrise , recall what the original name of wikihounding was , wikistalking . wikihounding is following another user around . :::::: for a perfect example of wikihounding , look at jack merridew's previous arbcoms , in which the arbcom unanimously found that jack merridew was wikihouding . jack merridew followed around cool cat from page to page , on several pages , over a period of months . :::::: this case is completely different . i commented on two pages : in the arbcom , and then i notice the ani , which i have watchlisted and frequently comment on . i have not followed jack merridew at all . :::::: by your absurd standard , and who created wikipedia:administrators'_noticeboard/incidentarchive582#jack_merridew . 27s_disruptive_signature and anyone else who first commented in the arbcom then commented in ani , is a wikihounder you are setting a absurd precedence here : that an editor who comments in a arbcom , and then comments about the same editor on ani , is wikihounding , and can be threatened by a admin with a block . :::::: future perfect at sunrise , you have been here long enough to know that you should not try to second guess an editors motivations . :::::: unfortunately this is not the first admin abuse and bad judgment i have seen , in this arbcom , an admin was calling my edits shit , and another admin has repeatedly defended personal attacks ; in addition i helped desopy 3 admins . :::::: your baseless personal attacks are offensive and your administrative abuse is troubling .
0.36742297
future perfect at sunrise recall what the original name of wikihounding was wikistalking wikihounding is following another user around for a perfect example of wikihounding look at jack merridews previous arbcoms in which the arbcom unanimously found that jack merridew was wikihouding jack merridew followed around cool cat from page to page on several pages over a period of months this case is completely different i commented on two pages in the arbcom and then i notice the ani which i have watchlisted and frequently comment on i have not followed jack merridew at all by your absurd standard and who created wikipediaadministratorsnoticeboardincidentarchive582jackmerridew 27sdisruptivesignature and anyone else who first commented in the arbcom then commented in ani is a wikihounder you are setting a absurd precedence here that an editor who comments in a arbcom and then comments about the same editor on ani is wikihounding and can be threatened by a admin with a block future perfect at sunrise you have been here long enough to know that you should not try to second guess an editors motivations unfortunately this is not the first admin abuse and bad judgment i have seen in this arbcom an admin was calling my edits siht and another admin has repeatedly defended personal attacks in addition i helped desopy 3 admins your baseless personal attacks are offensive and your administrative abuse is troubling 
0.22270654
shit, siht; 

blah blah blah blah . stay off my talk page . dont look at my talk page . dont respond to my talk page or to others who comment on my talk page . stay on your side of wikipedia and off mine . blaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah .
0.6085351
blah blah blah blah stay off my talk page dsnt look at my talk page odnt respond to my talk page or to others who comment on my talk page stay on your side of wikipedia and off mine blaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah 
0.56833285
dont, dsnt; dont, odnt; 

