: of course it's a blockable offense . but it would be very difficult to prove , because even if a checkuser were to check my account , it would come up clean ( with the exception of some stupid vandalism from months ago when i just edited from in ip ) . and even if i were to get blocked for admitting it on my userpage , it wouldn't solve the underlying problem . at best , it would prevent me from making the few good contributions that i do from this username . on an unrelated note , as you well know , i keep a relatively close eye on cp . i wonder why you are so down on public schools when editing on cp . you obviously love your public school , and you'd have to be incredibly naive to think that it's the only good public school in america . you know as well as i do that there are some fantastic public schools and just as many lousy ones . if you feel so strongly about the issue , as i think you do , you shouldn't put on an act just to appease andy . let's face it . one day you're going to slip up at cp and get blocked . i've been watching cp for long enough to know that it happens to everyone who's not an admin . maybe you should cut your losses now and contribute more to a project that has succeeded and will continue to succeed . despite clashing heads in the past , i do believe that you are a good person and have the best interest of wikipedia in mind . i'd hate to see your time and effort wasted on the liberal hate site conservapedia .
0.30544645
of course its a blockable offense but it would be very difficult to prove because even if a checkuser were to check my account it would come up clean with the exception of some stuipd vandalism from months ago when i just edited from in ip and even if i were to get blocked for admitting it on my userpage it wouldnt solve the underlying problem at best it would prevent me from making the few good contributions that i do from this username on an unrelated note as you well know i keep a relatively close eye on cp i wonder why you are so down on public schools when editing on cp you obviously love your public school and youd have to be incredibly naive to think that its the only good public school in america you know as well as i do that there are some fantastic public schools and just as many lousy ones if you feel so strongly about the issue as i think you do you shouldnt put on an act just to appease andy lets face it one day youre going to slip up at cp and get blocked ive been watching cp for long enough to know that it happens to everyone whos not an admin maybe you should cut your losses now and contribute more to a project that has succeeded and will continue to succeed despite clashing heads in the past i do believe that you are a good person and have the best interest of wikipedia in mind id hate to see your time and effort wasted on the liberal hate site conservapedia 
0.2448886
stupid, stuipd; 

i detest you i absolutely hate you . you are scum . nothing more than scum . i can tell by your wikipedia editing .
0.8915637
i detest you i absolutely hate you you are xscum nothing more than scmu i can tell by your wikipedia editing 
0.71837
scum, xscum; scum, scmu; 

