category sikh history - user sikh history where my old section gone u no sikh history gezza its true waa i sed blud u r full on shit on wiki pedia its true -r user : sikh-history have you got any shame what is the sikh history is fcuking waste man ! sort your life out ! and sikh history out ! waste man user : sikh history what da fcuk u on about contents or templates from wikipedia , as you did to hunjan , am hunjan my self yes i am proud 100% ramgarhia boi ! u waste man , 86.166.250.11 ( talk ) its up to me it my page hunjan not yours waste man plz do not touch hunjan template 86.166.250.11 ( talk ) millinos of hunjan looking at hunjan template not just me other hunjan will fight back , your concept of art full on shit !! tharkarn and what waste man !
0.89406466
category sikh history user sikh history where my old section gone u no sikh history gezza its true waa i sed blud u r full on shft on wiki pedia its true r user sikhhistory have you got any shame what is the sikh history is fcuking waste man sort your life out and sikh history out waste man user sikh history what da fcuk u on about contents or templates from wikipedia as you did to hunjan am hunjan my self yes i am proud 100 ramgarhia boi u waste man 8616625011 talk its up to me it my page hunjan not yours waste man plz do not touch hunjan template 8616625011 talk millinos of hunjan looking at hunjan template not just me other hunjan will fight back your concept of art full on hsit tharkarn and what waste man 
0.7367537
shit, shft; shit, hsit; 

you are a raging faggot . kill yourself .
0.96775347
you are a raging faggto kill yourself 
0.94516706
faggot, faggto; 

: no user sanam 001 , yoou have not answered to my questions before , you are a liar . first answer this question : you stated that a kshatriya is simply a varna-rank and this sanskrit terminology confering legitimate claims to rulership can only be used to define members provided they practice specific rules of conduct ( dharma ) and importantly adhere to a personal life following all sixteen consecrations or tenets ( shodasha samskaram ) while simultaneously being recognized/legitimized by the regulators of moral-codes ( brahmanas/priests ) based on their jurisprudence of consideration of suitability ; the pb is that in old hindu texts greeks , persians , chinese (...) were called kshatriyas whereas they were not hindu , did not speak sanskrit and brahmins were not their priests ... there is a big big contradiction between what you wrote and this fact ... tell me why ???... why ???... why ???...
0.32889363
no user sanam 001 yoou have not answered to my questions before you are a ilar first answer this question you stated that a kshatriya is simply a varnarank and this sanskrit terminology confering legitimate claims to rulership can only be used to define members provided they practice specific rules of conduct dharma and importantly adhere to a personal life following all sixteen consecrations or tenets shodasha samskaram while simultaneously being recognizedlegitimized by the regulators of moralcodes brahmanaspriests based on their jurisprudence of consideration of suitability the pb is that in old hindu texts greeks persians chinese were called kshatriyas whereas they were not hindu did not speak sanskrit and brahmins were not their priests there is a big big contradiction between what you wrote and this fact tell me why why why 
0.117397144
liar, ilar; 

i only made the edit so i could read the fucking article not your stupid copyright notice wtf sort it out i only made the edit so i could read the fucking article not your stupid copyright notice wtf sort it out
0.93223256
i only made the edit so i could read the fucknig article not your stupid copyright notice wtf sort it out i only made the edit so i could read the fukcing article not your stupid copyright notice wtf sort it out 
0.80256975
fucking, fucknig; fucking, fukcing; 

some jerkoff blocked me
0
some jerkoff blcoked me 
0
blocked, blcoked; 

