calling someone fuhrer is a person attack ? wtf ? wiki-nazi maybe , but not fuhrer ...
0.84100133
calling someone fuhmrer is a person attack wtf wikinazi maybe but not fuherr 
0.82338375
fuhrer, fuhmrer; fuhrer, fuherr; 

::::: i will be writing an e-mail regardless with all 3 of your user names in it . i am not a vandal . and i can call you a nazi all i want , it's not an attack if i think highly of them . actually it would be a compliment .
0.42746067
i will be writing an email regardless with all 3 of your user names in it i am not a vandal and i can call you a anzi all i want its not an attack if i think highly of them actually it would be a compliment 
0.2038683
nazi, anzi; 

deathcore bands deathcore bands are fuckin ' amazing !! i mean what dumbfuck traditional metal head that is sooo tied up in slayer or some shit cannot say that suicide silence fucking kicks ass and whitechapel has some of the biggest fucking awesomeness that any motherfucker has ever seeeeennnn ???? ss has killer riffs , killer vocals and badass blast beat drumming with endless ammounts of meaningful concepts behind their music . this newer breed of realllyyyy heavy metal bands that are known as deathcore is awesome and dont let anyone else tell you different .
0.9562418
deathcore bands deathcore bands are fucikn amazing i mean what dumbfuck traditional metal head that is sooo tied up in slayer or some shit cannot say that suicide silence fucking kicks ass and whitechapel has some of the biggest fucking awesomeness that any motherfucker has ever seeeeennnn ss has killer riffs killer vocals and badass blast beat drumming with endless ammounts of meaningful concepts behind their music this newer breed of realllyyyy heavy metal bands that are known as deathcore is awesome and dont let anyone else tell you different 
0.94264495
fuckin, fucikn; 

:::: to well , you could have at least used terms such as bullcrap , horsecrap , cowcrap , or any other less offending words than bulls**t , whatever the lame drama you witnessed . and you just said a single f**king word ... do you feel like a grown man when you use that kind of language ? there could be some children refering to wikipedia for his/her homework , and i don't want them to learn foul languages here . :::: i do not know what this wikilawyering that i have supposed to be doing according to you . i only could find that it is a pejorative term . could you explain to me , an ignorant user who is new to wikipedia , that exactly what behavior of mine is wikilawyering ? :::: why do you have to say things like just to shut you up , or you would waste so much of the other editors ' time ? you are hurting my feelings . it is uncalled for . i am a delicate , sensitive guy -_- . :::: wikipedia articles are made by editors gaining consensus - this process is something that you do not seem to have any respect for . - have a look at the policy : wikipedia : polling is not a substitute for discussion . you say this process is something that you do not seem to have any respect for , but notice that i am the one who officially started a consensus-gathering effort at , and you have not even participated in it . :::: wikipedia : lamest edit wars ! what a valuable piece of information that i have not noticed . so what ? i don't see this discussion included in that category . by saying that , you are not offending every editors who participated in and worked hard for this discussion , are you ?
0.6568021
to well you could have at least used terms such as bullcrap horsecrap cowcrap or any other less offending words than bullst whatever the lame drama you witnessed and you just said a single fkign word do you feel like a grown man when you use that kind of language there could be some children refering to wikipedia for hisher homework and i dont want them to learn foul languages here i do not know what this wikilawyering that i have supposed to be doing according to you i only could find that it is a pejorative term could you explain to me an ignorant user who is new to wikipedia that exactly what behavior of mine is wikilawyering why do you have to say things like just to shut you up or you would waste so much of the other editors time you are hurting my feelings it is uncalled for i am a delicate sensitive guy wikipedia articles are made by editors gaining consensus this process is something that you do not seem to have any respect for have a look at the policy wikipedia polling is not a substitute for discussion you say this process is something that you do not seem to have any respect for but notice that i am the one who officially started a consensusgathering effort at and you have not even participated in it wikipedia lamest edit wars what a valuable piece of information that i have not noticed so what i dont see this discussion included in that category by saying that you are not offending every editors who participated in and worked hard for this discussion are you 
0.49260673
f**king, fkign; 

