i'm warning you now if you plan on drill me messages all day about every flaw you find i might as well open the long awaited investigation into your editing . there is enough evidence of you badgering other editors to have you stripped of your tools by the arb . you can deny it but the proof is there is your editing history . if this is what you want you'll leave me with no choice . other than that you can assume good faith , back off and allow some air to breathe by allowing another editor to expand upon what has been recreated and help fix any issues you see yourself . -
0.17876925
im warning you now if you plan on drill me messages all day about every flaw you find i might as well open the long awaited investigation into your editing there is enough evidence of you badgerign other editors to have you stripped of your tools by the arb you can deny it but the proof is there is your editing history if this is what you want youll leave me with no choice other than that you can assume good faith back off and allow some air to breathe by allowing another editor to expand upon what has been recreated and help fix any issues you see yourself 
0.13305515
badgering, badgerign; 

i find this block ridiculous and a kick in the teeth given the amount of work i am putting into here today . was bullied away from wikipedia . so when she starts stalking me i have no right to be frustrated with her . your wp : npa policy on here is deranged .
0.53352404
i find this block ridicuolus and a kick in the teeth given the amount of work i am putting into here today was bullied away from wikipedia so when she starts stalking me i have no right to be frustrated with her your wp npa policy on here is deranged 
0.39775407
ridiculous, ridicuolus; 

fuck wikipedia and fuck all the leftist , liberal , faggot-loving jew communists that run this fucked up piece of shit website !
0.9874543
ufck wikipedia and fukc all the leftist liberal faggotloving jew communists that run this fucked up piece of shit website 
0.9734797
fuck, ufck; fuck, fukc; 

