i allways knew wikipedia was a joke , i never realized it catered to queers . you can all go and fuck yourselves
0.95807856
i allways knew wikipedia was a joke i never realized it catered to queers you can all go and ufck yourselves 
0.5504867
fuck, ufck; 

message on daedalus ' page daedalus is nothing but a filthy n ! gger and a cyberstalker who sits in his mommy's basement and who fails - yet again - at trying to ban me and stop me from getting my lulz on . i have access to thousands of ips and have many 25 sleeper accounts , so u fail u wiki-police homos . plz feel free to suck my d ! ck u n ! gger f @ggot . you > fail . anyways , u have to be watchful everywhere - i can pick and chose my announcements at will , and still edit via my sleeper accounts from ips all across the world . u wont no when or where i will appear . my lulz is 4ever u n ! gger f @gget . stop cyberstalking people u freak daedalus . go back to hiding in mommy's basement and playing call of duty or whatever gay thing u do since it is obvious that u are unemployeed cuz u spend all day on wikipedia looking like the lozer u are . moar lulz for me !!!! horray for me !!! im kool and ur a fool !!!! i shall surface again and make myself known in a month or two . hey everybody - daedalus is a n ! gger and a f @ggot !!!!!!!!!! look at the n ! gger f @ggot ! you > fail .
0.90200627
message on daedalus page daedalus is nothing but a filthy n gger and a cyberstalker who sits in his mommys basement and who fails yet again at trying to ban me and stop me from getting my lulz on i have access to thousands of ips and have many 25 sleeper accounts so u fail u wikipolice homos plz feel free to suck my d kc u n gger f ggot you fail anyways u have to be watchful everywhere i can pick and chose my announcements at will and still edit via my sleeper accounts from ips all across the world u wont no when or where i will appear my lulz is 4ever u n gger f gget stop cyberstalking people u freak daedalus go back to hiding in mommys basement and playing call of duty or whatever gay thing u do since it is obvious that u are unemployeed cuz u spend all day on wikipedia looking like the lozer u are moar lulz for me horray for me im kool and ur a fool i shall surface again and make myself known in a month or two hey everybody daedalus is a n gger and a f ggot look at the n gger f ggot you fail 
0.85610235
ck, kc; 

jews have the right to expel arab invaders from their homeland . those who believe jewish ancestral land belongs to these arab invaders are typical nazi propagandists .
0.7622997
jews have the right to expel arab invaders from their homeland those who believe jewish ancestral land belongs to these arab invaders are typical naiz propagandists 
0.67866486
nazi, naiz; 

