you're very unreasonable and bored , sick person ! if you have no reason to delete an article without knowing or seeing the full content . hold your horses and then decide . if you have an e-mail address i'd like to debate this with you . -wikipedia supervisor !
0.50731254
youre very unreasonable and bored isck person if you have no reason to delete an article without knowing or seeing the full content hold your horses and then decide if you have an email address id like to debate this with you wikipedia supervisor 
0.27740872
sick, isck; 

it is obvius to , me , a black man , that orange is for da black gs , blue is for mexicans and yellow is 4 whites . coz whites look like woman . and mexicans try to compete with da nigger gs but we r too strong . but in realty the whites also lose to da black man coz we have foot longs orange-throated males are strongest and do not form strong pair bonds ; instead , they fight blue-throated males for their females . yellow-throated males , however , manage to snatch females away from them for mating . blue-throated males are middle-sized and form strong pair bonds . while they are outcompeted by orange-throated males , they can defend against yellow-throated ones . yellow-throated males are smallest , and their coloration mimics females . under this disguise , they can approach orange-throated males ( though not the stronger-bonding , blue-throated specimens ) and mate while the orange-throats are engaged in fights .
0.3082799
it is obvius to me a black man that orange is for da black gs blue is for mexicans and yellow is 4 whites coz whites look like woman and mexicans try to compete with da ngiger gs but we r too strong but in realty the whites also lose to da black man coz we have foot longs orangethroated males are strongest and do not form strong pair bonds instead they fight bluethroated males for their females yellowthroated males however manage to snatch females away from them for mating bluethroated males are middlesized and form strong pair bonds while they are outcompeted by orangethroated males they can defend against yellowthroated ones yellowthroated males are smallest and their coloration mimics females under this disguise they can approach orangethroated males though not the strongerbonding bluethroated specimens and mate while the orangethroats are engaged in fights 
0.24234626
nigger, ngiger; 

