pansy . there are multiple sources reporting the shot down of a french warplane . stop censoring wikipedia you asshole . you claim that libya is manipulating reports , but not concidering the same from the coalition ?? you're also not taking into account that you are manipulating reports , by cencoring information here . so suck it . - agsman61
0.79957116
pansy there are multiple sources reporting the shot down of a french warplane stop censoring wikipedia you asshoel you claim that libya is manipulating reports but not concidering the same from the coalition youre also not taking into account that you are manipulating reports by cencoring information here so suck it agsman61 
0.5052376
asshole, asshoel; 

hey ricboom who ever the fuck you are if you go to my schoolim gonna beat the shit out of you
0.96944326
hey ricboom who ever the fukc you are if you go to my schoolim gonna beat the shit out of you 
0.877786
fuck, fukc; 

omg i thought the last freak was a fucking nerd but you take the cake .
0.93460053
omg i thought the last freak was a ufcking nerd but you take the cake 
0.5260452
fucking, ufcking; 

whoever created this page is either very jelous or very stupid . whole world knows that mevlana was turkish . his father was turkish , his mother was turkish , mevlana himself writes that he is turkish . at that time , the place he was born was a turkish land not persian . all you ignorant wiki racists can cry out loud forever . he was turkish and claiming the opposite in ignorant wiki racist pedia will not change this . oh by the way , our iranian friends also claims that the ottoman empire was actually an iranian empire . this is not just very funny but stupid . have a nice day and and stop being stupid please
0.8781965
whoever created this page is either very jelous or very  whole world knows that mevlana was turkish his father was turkish his mother was turkish mevlana himself writes that he is turkish at that time the place he was born was a turkish land not persian all you ignorant wiki racists can cry out loud forever he was turkish and claiming the opposite in ignorant wiki racist pedia will not change this oh by the way our iranian friends also claims that the ottoman empire was actually an iranian empire this is not just very funny but tsupid have a nice day and and stop being tsupid please 
0.62655354
stupid, ; stupid, tsupid; stupid, tsupid; 

