i was trying to put things in context and i am by no means pro-american . but you are injecting into this forum your personal anti-american bias , and i would like to know why you are watching this page so closely ? do you have something to hide and are you trying to promote your own version of history ? the progressive movement became more popular after wilson became a progressive it and everybody knows it . you are not the gatekeeper of history and you should not delete every change . i am an avid reader and i consider myself very knowledgable about history and important world events . you cannot study subjects in isolation from each other . your comments are not very informative and serve to downplay the progressive movement . you should also provide suggestions as to where my input is supposed to be without deleting it arbitrarily . i am still going to put real information on this page and you will not be able to stop it . what is your native language ? perhaps you have a problem with english ?
0.06490016
i was trying to put things in context and i am by no means proamerican but you are injecting into this forum your personal antiamerican bias and i would like to know why you are watching this page so closely do you have something to hide and are you trying to promote your own version of history the progressive movement became more popular after wilson became a progressive it and everybody knows it you are not the gatekeeper of history and you should not delete every change i am an avid reader and i consider myself very knowledgable about history and important world events you cannot study subjects in isolation from each other your comments are not very informative and serve to downplay the progressive movement you should also provide suggestions as to where my input is supposed to be without deleting it arbitrarily i am still going to put real information on this page and you will not be able to stop it what is your native language perhaps you have a prolbem with english 
0.051281996
problem, prolbem; 

replacement revert the single's cover to the original , because some bastard decided to replace it with a monkey .
0.6437891
replacement revert the singles cover to the original because some basatrd decided to replace it with a monkey 
0.15736784
bastard, basatrd; 

