this guy callled kansas the arm taker is nothing but a loser provocateur . nobody should believe him . he is troling around and making a mess in wikipedia . he is sponsored by some weird government agancies . he is very racist and he thinks racism is the only way to use internet . please becareful for this one and report him right away .
0.72741216
this guy callled kansas the arm taker si nothing but a loser provocateur nobody should believe him he is* troling around and making a mess in wikipedia he *s sponsored by some weird government agancies he isj very racist and he thinks racism si the only way to use internet please becareful for this one and report him right away 
0.69310725
is, si; is, is*; is, *s; is, isj; is, si; 

there is this racist troll called kansas bear . i call him kansas the arm taker . this moron is supported by foreign government agencies . a person like this has no place in wikipedia . racist groups should not be in wikipedia at all . he is stupid troll . when you see him just report him right away
0.81450635
there is this racist troll called kansas bear i call him kansas the arm taker this moron is supported by foreign government agencies a person like this has no place in wikipedia racist groups should not be in wikipedia at all he is stupdi troll when you see him just report him right away 
0.7147855
stupid, stupdi; 

. and how come my comment doesn't have its own edit link huh ? like reg rarnell . it's like i'm geting kicked in the face by use guys and i don't even get my own edit ? and how come i can't have a wiki article about me ? huh , i mean come on hitler has a wiki page but i don't ? sure doesn't sound right to me
0.42665845
and how come my comment doesnt have its own edit link huh like reg rarnell its like im geting kicekd in the face by use guys and i dont even get my own edit and how come i cant have a wiki article about me huh i mean come on hitler has a wiki page but i dont sure doesnt sound right to me 
0.4043438
kicked, kicekd; 

