::: haha . hayson saying he doesn't know who emailed him is proof ? proof that you're a liar . don't expect a response from someone that you lie to and try to deceive . you certainly don't deserve one .
0.76414126
haha hayson saying he doesnt know who emailed him is proof proof that youre a ilar dont expect a response from someone that you lie to and try to deceive you certainly dont deserve one 
0.67629784
liar, ilar;

hello again i am back with a vengence !!!!!! alright , so will block me , thats expected , so with that note on mind , i begin my rant . my rant fuck is an interesting word , and can be used in many ways . such as , fuck you , go fuck yourself ( no one else will ) i fucked your mother , also who the fuck do you think you are ? do you think you are god ? is that it ? were you molested by your teacher as a child ? i dont understand what would cause you to think your so fucking great . i raped all of your family members , and siblings , cousins , aunts and uncles . i also raped your mother ( she liked it ) and so you are nothing . absolutly nothing , and you should terminate your existance a.s.a.p. ( as soon as possible just letting you know , because you are fucking retarted !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ) fuck you , and go die . that is all . ps you fudge packing ass-monger , i have one last thing to say to you . die !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fucker i hope you rot in hell you son of a skank .
0.98246485
hello again i am back with a vengence alright so will block me thats expected so with that note on mind i begin my rant my rant fucf is an interesting word and can be used in many ways such as fucv you go funck yourself no one else will i fucked your mother also who the fuk do you think you are do you think you are god is that it were you molested by your teacher as a child i dont understand what would cause you to think your so fucking great i raped all of your family members and siblings cousins aunts and uncles i also raped your mother she liked it and so you are nothing absolutly nothing and you should terminate your existance asap as soon as possible just letting you know because you are fucking retarted fukc you and go die that is all ps you fudge packing assmonger i have one last thing to say to you die fucker i hope you rot in hell you son of a skank 
0.95535594
fuck, fucf;

