lol dumb arabs and their you cant show my god , heres a bomb because i have sand in my vagina ! fucking towelheads
0.9806913
lol dumb arabs and their you cant show my god heres a bomb because i have sand in my vagina fukcing towelheads 
0.9411324
fucking, fukcing; 

::: now who is threatening ? actually , if you extend the block , it is lose-lose , but mainly wp lose , as thousands of potential contributors to the site will be blocked for longer ( assuming the ip range is still blocked ... shall i test it on another computer ? ) , so who loses ? certainly not me ! i am only protesting this block on principle . > i'll be glad to read specific instances of admins obtaining special treatment you can present < what are you talking about ? this isn't about admins obtaining special treatment , it is about one or two non-admin editors ( machine elf and philogo , mainly ) who have done everything wrong in this dispute , but have somehow managed to convince the admins to block me , when even a cursory look at all the associated postings show that it isn't that simple ...
0.15071848
now who is trheatening actually if you extend the block it is loselose but mainly wp lose as thousands of potential contributors to the site will be blocked for longer assuming the ip range is still blocked shall i test it on another computer so who loses certainly not me i am only protesting this block on principle ill be glad to read specific instances of admins obtaining special treatment you can present what are you talking about this isnt about admins obtaining special treatment it is about one or two nonadmin editors machine elf and philogo mainly who have done everything wrong in this dispute but have somehow managed to convince the admins to block me when even a cursory look at all the associated postings show that it isnt that simple 
0.13145867
threatening, trheatening; 

also the ip attacker was from california , where you are from . im not stupid , you think you're right but your nothing but a pathetic loser .
0.88329256
also the ip attacker was from california where you are from im not stupid you think youre right but your nothing but a pathetic loesr 
0.87896454
loser, loesr; 

