shut up asshole shut up you asshole i fucking hate you , kids cbc is stupid so why keep reverting my edits ?
0.9844639
shut up assthole shut up you assohle i fucking hate you kids cbc is stupid so why keep reverting my edits 
0.97137374
asshole, assthole; asshole, assohle; 

why you are a snitch you had to run and tell on me didnt you now you with face my wrath of everlasting ips love you : love you too ! :: much love too from this one ( dont delete this use it against me for your sock puppet investigation ) ::: im also hope that helps :::: hi again this is fun took a while to block that other one lol , whats up , i know u and that other guy have been talking ur ignoring me lol u think im stupid ill still muck with you love you bye ::::: oh i forgot to say good job on becoming a admin i saw you became on on the 28th nicerbi does not work unblocking my account will fix it or i can do this forever i have unlimited ips )
0.5317431
why you are a snitch you had to run and tell on me didnt you now you with face my wrath of everlasting ips love you love you too much love too from this one dont delete this use it against me for your sock puppet investigation im also hope that helps hi again this is fun took a while to block that other one lol whats up i know u and that other guy have been talking ur ignoring me lol u think im stupdi ill still muck with you love you bye oh i forgot to say good job on becoming a admin i saw you became on on the 28th nicerbi does not work unblocking my account will fix it or i can do this forever i have unlimited ips 
0.4082279
stupid, stupdi; 

so apparently an inability to read can make you a wiki mod ? pretty much what it says in the header . you revert back all my edits despite my declared reasons ? okay , the first one was out of line , but all of them ? can't you be bothered to read ? hell , you're already spending your life being the gestapo for a website you're not even paid to maintain , so what's a few more seconds of reading ? or are you one of those liberals who decides socialism is enough for everyone because they figure everyone is more stupid than them ? god , stupid liberals are the cancer of america . douche . learn to read .
0.7448511
so apparently an inability to read can make you a wiki mod pretty much what it says in the header you revert back all my edits despite my declared reasons okay the first one was out of line but all of them cant you be bothered to read hell youre already spending your life being the gestapo for a website youre not even paid to maintain so whats a few more seconds of reading or are you one of those liberals who decides socialism is enough for everyone because they figure everyone is more stuyid than them god sutpid liberals are the cancer of america douche learn to read 
0.50025314
stupid, stuyid; stupid, sutpid; 

