::::::::: back to bragging i see . you don't even have a clue as to what my credentials are , because ignore all fucking credentials . we don't give a shit about anyone's credentials . ok , if richard dawkins ( and we were able to confirm it was him ) showed up , then i might bow to his superior knowledge of the field . but you're just some guy on the internet , no different than i ( oh wait , maybe not ) , so all i can say is that you're fighting a battle by personal attack and not by logic . you have a bug up your tight ass about me . you'll note that i don't give a shit . you have convinced not one of the anti-creationists here of your arguments . not one . you focus on me because you realize i don't fucking like your methods . so , two suggestions . get over yourself , no one cares if you're a professor of anything at whatever religious university you're at . two , quit the personal attacks . because you don't say jesus fucking christ you're a loser doesn't make you civil , it just makes you passive aggressive . like the little passive aggressive shit you left on my talk page .
0.8800304
back to bragging i see you dont even have a clue as to what my credentials are because ignore all fuacking credentials we dont give a shit about anyones credentials ok if richard dawkins and we were able to confirm it was him showed up then i might bow to his superior knowledge of the field but youre just some guy on the internet no different than i oh wait maybe not so all i can say is that youre fighting a battle by personal attack and not by logic you have a bug up your tight ass about me youll note that i dont give a shit you have convinced not one of the anticreationists here of your arguments not one you focus on me because you realize i dont ffucking like your methods so two suggestions get over yourself no one cares if youre a professor of anything at whatever religious university youre at two quit the personal attacks because you dont say jesus fukcing christ youre a loser doesnt make you civil it just makes you passive aggressive like the little passive aggressive shit you left on my talk page 
0.82244915
fucking, fuacking; fucking, ffucking; fucking, fukcing; 

:::::::::::: hopefully you don't have the short penis , because the two nameless editors will use that against you by claiming everything you do is because you feel inadequate . hehehe .
0.6478565
hopefully you dont have the short pensi because the two nameless editors will use that against you by claiming everything you do is because you feel inadequate hehehe 
0.34782872
penis, pensi; 

banned ! stupid vandalizing moron . leave the editing to people who have a clue about boxing you fucking spastic .
0.97282946
banned stupid vandalizing moron leave the editing to people who have a clue about boxing you fuckign spastic 
0.92193043
fucking, fuckign; 

can you think of a compelling reason ... as to why murdering black people is wrong ?
0.5127282
can you think of a compelling reason as to why murderign black people is wrong 
0.37564155
murdering, murderign; 

gonna fuck you up you little bitch .
0.98590183
gonna fukc you up you little bitch 
0.97481775
fuck, fukc; 

