and you are a motherfucking asshole , suck your dick , you dirty son of a whore
0.9899978
and you are a mothrefucking asshole suck your dick you dirty son of a whore 
0.98733586
motherfucking, mothrefucking; 

metalcore is not a punk genre you fucking idiot , it's a type of metal , god , just stay off this website if your going to spread your retardness around here you dumbfuck
0.9783174
metalcore is not a punk genre you ufcking idiot its a type of metal god just stay off this website if your going to spread your retardness around here you dumbfuck 
0.94195896
fucking, ufcking; 

::::::::: you need to really ' give up this mindless crap . there is nothing illogical in my position , it is you that needs to grow up . a pressure group that dopes not speak for the people of the area has registered a flag with an organisation who's rules show it is biased towards the same view . it is you and you little clique that are trying to impose on people there view of where people live . you want to label one set of cumbrians are westmorlanders because at some point in the past hmg created an area and named in westmorland , which it has now abolished and some people still wish to use the old mode . no one has held a public vote the only things that matters in this is what hmg has said . most people in merseyside i identify more strongly with merseyside than any other county , that is there identity . i have seen no evidence other than that 2 pressure groups want to enforce there view . the flag did not belong to the county when is existed , it hasn't been created for or by an organisation with any mandate . i know people who live in all parts of cumbria and never has one of the refereed to westmorland or cumberland in any context in the past or present . it is some fantasy of yours that you speak for the majority of several areas without showing any evidence or having any mandate . i suspect you rather old and stuck in your ways and can't abide change and that this is what is atthe root of you misguided pov . hmg had a mandate , you do not and neither does the westmorland society or the flag institute .
0.2868966
you need to really give up this mindless crpa there is nothing illogical in my position it is you that needs to grow up a pressure group that dopes not speak for the people of the area has registered a flag with an organisation whos rules show it is biased towards the same view it is you and you little clique that are trying to impose on people there view of where people live you want to label one set of cumbrians are westmorlanders because at some point in the past hmg created an area and named in westmorland which it has now abolished and some people still wish to use the old mode no one has held a public vote the only things that matters in this is what hmg has said most people in merseyside i identify more strongly with merseyside than any other county that is there identity i have seen no evidence other than that 2 pressure groups want to enforce there view the flag did not belong to the county when is existed it hasnt been created for or by an organisation with any mandate i know people who live in all parts of cumbria and never has one of the refereed to westmorland or cumberland in any context in the past or present it is some fantasy of yours that you speak for the majority of several areas without showing any evidence or having any mandate i suspect you rather old and stuck in your ways and cant abide change and that this is what is atthe root of you misguided pov hmg had a mandate you do not and neither does the westmorland society or the flag institute 
0.11208006
crap, crpa; 

i will flay you alive , you fking stalker . i shall enjoy your screams of agony as your blood slowly pools across the floor of my basement .
0.9220064
i will flay you alive you fikng stalker i shall enjoy your screams of agony as your blood slowly pools across the floor of my basement 
0.75396186
fking, fikng; 

reply you take wikipedia way too seriously . do something of your useless life , talk page stalker !
0.69951046
reply you take wikipedia way too seriously do something of your uselses life talk page stalker 
0.5224064
useless, uselses; 

