strange that . it seemed like you were perfectly willing to engage in debate about what the evidence showed about the crash site until i started asking you simple physical questions like ' if the wings sheared off , how did they get in the building ? ' , ' why would the wings shear off when they would have applied far more force than the stress bearing capacity of a concrete wall ? ' , ' why weren't there any burn marks on the lawn ? ' , and ( for fuck sake ) ' small hole , big plane , how does that work in a physical sense ? (with more sophisticated details than ' they were blown to hell and back ' )' . i asked these questions because the answers to them are vital for impartial users of the site to make an informed decision . i added photographs and measurements ( and only these things , without conspiracy fairy stories ) to help people do this . instead of constructively discussing what aspects of the measurements were right and wrong and why , or helping me find the copyright details of the photographs ( which i believe editors of wikipedia are supposed to do ) , you just delete my edit without any justification other than ' its conspiratorial , therefore false ' . i know you're not ' agents of the us government ' or some crap . you're just ignornant of physics , or deliberately being narrow-minded because the ( fucking obvious ) truth makes you uncomfortable . a lie told a thousand times becomes the truth . so congratulations . thanks to your efforts , the lie that a 757 hit the pentagon on 11/09/01 is well on the way to becoming true . you stupid , stupid bastards .
0.7712985
strange that it seemed like you were perfectly willing to engage in debate about what the evidence showed about the crash site until i started asking you simple physical questions like if the wings sheared off how did they get in the building why would the wings shear off when they would have applied far more force than the stress bearing capacity of a concrete wall why werent there any burn marks on the lawn and for fuck sake small hole big plane how does that work in a physical sense with more sophisticated details than they were blown to hell and back i asked these questions because the answers to them are vital for impartial users of the site to make an informed decision i added photographs and measurements and only these things without conspiracy fairy stories to help people do this instead of constructively discussing what aspects of the measurements were right and wrong and why or helping me find the copyright details of the photographs which i believe editors of wikipedia are supposed to do you just delete my edit without any justification other than its conspiratorial therefore false i know youre not agents of the us government or some crap youre just ignornant of physics or deliberately being narrowminded because the fucking obvious truth makes you uncomfortable a lie told a thousand times becomes the truth so congratulations thanks to your efforts the lie that a 757 hit the pentagon on 110901 is well on the way to becoming true you tsupid stuipd bastards 
0.7416862
stupid, tsupid; stupid, stuipd; 

are you from agn ? the sucky site ?
0.84144276
are you from agn the sucyk site 
0.2260771
sucky, sucyk; 

