go to hell go to hell and leave me alone
0.8615967
go to hlll go to hlel and leave me alone 
0.4024649
hell, hlll; hell, hlel; 

diem was a gay homosexual dictator this fact is indisputable
0.57532245
diem was a gay homosexual dictator this fact si indisputable 
0.5092369
is, si; 

vandalism only a cunt would have classed my edit as vandalism .
0.7205841
vandalism only a ucnt would have classed my edit as vandalism 
0.24286872
cunt, ucnt; 

:::: yeah , just a bunch more whiney suck garbage from this problematic editor . have a look at all the spew gabemc posted on mine and andreasesgde's talk pages that has not ben complained about and it soon becomes apparent that the scales have been tipped in this now cocky editor's favour . you have to admit that complaining about an apologie on your talk page as harrassement it about as childish as the on looker that buys into his political antics . me thinks a meatpuppet or even a sockpuppet case will arise from this nonsense in the future . i find it way to hard to believe that so many editors can not feel like total idiots when they get caught not doing more than three minutes of investigation before acting . i am disgusted and come to realize the wp system is a complete and utter embarrasing joke . gabe and i had an agreement ( i won't disclose the details to protect him ) and after the plan began to work he turned on me like a rabid dog . some thanks . i disagreed with his edits and now watch him inject his non-approved the/the changes to pink floyd and other articles as a cocky test to rape and pilage another few hundred music articles with his same the/the nonsense currently being mediated and under dispute . this guy isn't interested in furthering wp . he only wants to have his name in lights with [ wp : ownership ] . i guess this ip is done and time to go back to account editing again . this was much more fun ! bite me bitches ! hasta luego ! joe
0.7981264
yeah just a bunch more whiney suck garbage from this problematic editor have a look at all the spew gabemc posted on mine and andreasesgdes talk pages that has not ben complained about and it soon becomes apparent that the scales have been tipped in this now cocky editors favour you have to admit that complaining about an apologie on your talk page as harrassement it about as childish as the on looker that buys into his political antics me thinks a meatpuppet or even a sockpuppet case will arise from this nonsense in the future i find it way to hard to believe that so many editors can not feel like total idiots when they get caught not doing more than three minutes of investigation before acting i am disgusted and come to realize the wp system is a complete and utter embarrasing joke gabe and i had an agreement i wont disclose the details to protect him and after the plan began to work he turned on me like a rabid dog some thanks i disagreed with his edits and now watch him inject his nonapproved thethe changes to pink floyd and other articles as a cocky test to rape and pilage another few hundred music articles with his same thethe nonsense currently being mediated and under dispute this guy isnt interested in furthering wp he only wants to have his name in lights with wp ownership i guess this ip is done and time to go back to account editing again this was much more fun bite me bitchse hasta luego joe 
0.6082475
bitches, bitchse; 

:: i have no intention of trying to appeal this block , like i said this is bullcrap . you all can have this place , i wish you well . ( formerly known as - since i'm done here , it might as well be told )
0.3729735
i have no intention of trying to appeal this block like i said this is bullcarp you all can have this place i wish you well formerly known as since im done here it might as well be told 
0.10895386
bullcrap, bullcarp; 

