: simple : algr is a retard .
0.7359516
simple algr is a reatrd 
0.31544003
retard, reatrd; 

ok - you just intimated that i called him a nazi . you didn't actually say that . i said originally that the dm published a piece that reckoned arbeit macht frei was appropriate under some circumstances , e.g. in modern-britain for people without work , and i think i gave a reference/date . i hate that paper - yes , hate . it supported nazis before the war and papers like that in germany on the conservative reactionary right helped hitler to power . my depth of loathing is based on close knowledge of what happened in germany , to all sorts of people , and my jewish east end roots . it is still reactionary - it's not a normal paper that just leans to the right and it pumps out nasty bile that i'd like people to see for what it is . but i set about it the wrong way - i was a bit childish in posting the comment on c's page . that said , have a look through his history , like you have had a butcher's at mine , and you will see that he's sucked loads of people into arguments and blocking threats and counter-threats and controversy . best -
0.30256063
ok you just intimated that i called him a naiz you didnt actually say that i said originally that the dm published a piece that reckoned arbeit macht frei was appropriate under some circumstances eg in modernbritain for people without work and i think i gave a referencedate i hate that paper yes hate it supported nazis before the war and papers like that in germany on the conservative reactionary right helped hitler to power my depth of loathing is based on close knowledge of what happened in germany to all sorts of people and my jewish east end roots it is still reactionary its not a normal paper that just leans to the right and it pumps out nasty bile that id like people to see for what it is but i set about it the wrong way i was a bit childish in posting the comment on cs page that said have a look through his history like you have had a butchers at mine and you will see that hes sucked loads of people into arguments and blocking threats and counterthreats and controversy best 
0.30250964
nazi, naiz; 

hate all of you're work
0.59127676
htae all of youre work 
0.1092408
hate, htae; 

thanks , but no thanks . i don't have time like some people who spend all their free time on here . i would rather spend my free time to volunteer in real life instead of wasting it on this useless web site full of errors and communist propagandas .
0.38680384
thanks but no thanks i dont have time like some people who spend all their free time on here i would rather spend my free time to volunteer in real life instead of wasting it on this useelss web site full of errors and communist propagandas 
0.31313533
useless, useelss; 

