small minded and ignorant wiki contributors . it seem sto me that th eoriginal noble aims of the founders have gone adrift due to the smallminded pettyness of many contributors . they usually manifest this smallminded ignorance by deleting any correction to their original articles as seemingly their godliness means the are the supreme authority on most topics even if as is the frequent case they live in some little place in usa ad have no real knowledge of life beyond the stripmalls . constant ingestion of burgers and fries makes them feel to be experts on all things even those of which they know nothing and have n personal experience of . thus when i spot an inconsitency in their pieces and add some correct and especially logical words to their precious piece they get their knickers in a twist and childishly erase my effort and thus leave all other wiki readers just as ignorant as they themselves . this is fascism and more fitting to hitler's germany or stalin's russia that the wide world of today . i will nevertheless continue to add , subtract or otherwise modify and improve various wiki articles i find as part of my conviction that eductaion should be progressive not regressive .
0.4226753
small minded and ignonant wiki contributors it seem sto me that th eoriginal noble aims of the founders have gone adrift due to the smallminded pettyness of many contributors they usually manifest this smallminded ignorance by deleting any correction to their original articles as seemingly their godliness means the are the supreme authority on most topics even if as is the frequent case they live in some little place in usa ad have no real knowledge of life beyond the stripmalls constant ingestion of burgers and fries makes them feel to be experts on all things even those of which they know nothing and have n personal experience of thus when i spot an inconsitency in their pieces and add some correct and especially logical words to their precious piece they get their knickers in a twist and childishly erase my effort and thus leave all other wiki readers just as ingorant as they themselves this is fascism and more fitting to hitlers germany or stalins russia that the wide world of today i will nevertheless continue to add subtract or otherwise modify and improve various wiki articles i find as part of my conviction that eductaion should be progressive not regressive 
0.27930066
ignorant, ignonant; ignorant, ingorant; 

:: nay , you are homophobic and indeed very much so . i have been seeing your ilk for the 40 years of my life : those who pretend to be objective only to push a one-sided oppressive , offensive pov . :: moreover , judging by the way you edit to make them appear in the best of lights , you seem to be in the employ of the horrible individual about whom that article is . :: eventually , if you cannot read english , then your competence in language is obviously quite limited , which is not something i should be concerned about , so kindly abstain from including such off-side nonsense into the discussion .
0.25485566
nay you are homopohbic and indeed very much so i have been seeing your ilk for the 40 years of my life those who pretend to be objective only to push a onesided oppressive offensive pov moreover judging by the way you edit to make them appear in the best of lights you seem to be in the employ of the horrible individual about whom that article is eventually if you cannot read english then your competence in language is obviously quite limited which is not something i should be concerned about so kindly abstain from including such offside nonsense into the discussion 
0.20430277
homophobic, homopohbic; 

* yes , don't want fucking i.p. editors messing it up .
0.9029823
yes dont want fucikng ip editors messing it up 
0.16375344
fucking, fucikng; 

