this is not fair to blocking me use the profanity ymblanter , you are a great asshole , brute , merciless and stony-hearted . you are also talking about sources this fucking bitches users . this daughter of dog asceticrose complained you and you have been taken me an action . you blocked me , this is not fair . you motherfucker , bastard and rascal . you meat paste , bucklehead mothersucker . i am begging you many times to edit and re-correct the wikipedia , but you didn't listened my beggings . you cheated me , you threatened me , dishonored and disgraced me . i know that a people can make a grave mistake . to err is human . after that , you have a faith of asceticrose , this fathersucker user , this user also always disturbing me . unless , fuck this profanity , you are a great bullshit , motherfucker , fathersucker , wicked , boggle , deuce , unrighteous , brute , bucklehead , meat paste . ymblanter , you are a son of bitch , bastard , you have a merciless in your heart . surrender me and apologize me . understand , you heretic , fiend . you are a wicked user . you blamed me to be disruptive editing . foul person/user , if you have courage , give your facebook id , my facebook id is rabby ahmed musa ( rabbyahmed . musa ) . shit go to the facebook id and message/contact me , hell in cell . fuck your mother !! i wanna block you , dickhead . suck your father's dickhead . you son of pig swine . great dim-witted user ,
0.97229946
this is not fair to blocking me use the profanity ymblanter you are a great asshole brute merciless and stonyhearted you are also talking about sources this fucking bitches users this daughter of dog asceticrose complained you and you have been taken me an action you blocked me this is not fair you motherfucker bastard and rascal you meat paste bucklehead mothersucker i am begging you many times to edit and recorrect the wikipedia but you didnt listened my beggings you cheated me you threatened me dishonored and disgraced me i know that a people can make a grave mistake to err is human after that you have a faith of asceticrose this fathersucker user this user also always disturbing me unless fucs this profanity you are a great bullshit motherfucker fathersucker wicked boggle deuce unrighteous brute bucklehead meat paste ymblanter you are a son of bitch bastard you have a merciless in your heart surrender me and apologize me understand you heretic fiend you are a wicked user you blamed me to be disruptive editing foul personuser if you have courage give your facebook id my facebook id is rabby ahmed musa rabbyahmed musa shit go to the facebook id and messagecontact me hell in cell ufck your mother i wanna block you dickhead suck your fathers dickhead you son of pig swine great dimwitted user 
0.9578021
fuck ,fucs ;

