you and jack greenmaven are motherfuckers
0.9680512
you and jack greenmaven are motherfucekrs 
0.47275412
motherfuckers, motherfucekrs; 

please don't trust ign . that site is full of lies and speculative silly stories . season 6 is the last season because robot chicken wouldn't typically go on a 8-9 mo . hiatus between seasons . season 7 is confirmed as false as it is a day before december and still zero info and zero hints on any new episodes whatsoever . i feel bad for anyone who isn't normally an idiot that fell victim to this b . s ~ rumor . if i ever met the dingas that started the rumor in real life , i'd punch that mo-fo in the nutsack and cut his penis off . i would order an immediate death sentence for that dweeb that started this season 7 myth and is still plaguing the entire internet with it since october of last year . after realizing it being towards the end of 2013 and still no sign of a season 7 , i decided to stop believing season 7 was actually going to happen , therefore i was smart . and i don't trust any ign , i rather trust wikipedia .
0.48458028
please dont trust ign that site is full of lies and speculative silly stories season 6 is the last season because robot chicken wouldnt typically go on a 89 mo hiatus between seasons season 7 is confirmed as false as it is a day before december and still zero info and zero hints on any new episodes whatsoever i feel bad for anyone who isnt normally an idiot that fell victim to this b s rumor if i ever met the dingas that started the rumor in real life id punch that mofo in the nutsack and cut his pensi off i would order an immediate death sentence for that dweeb that started this season 7 myth and is still plaguing the entire internet with it since october of last year after realizing it being towards the end of 2013 and still no sign of a season 7 i decided to stop believing season 7 was actually going to happen therefore i was smart and i dont trust any ign i rather trust wikipedia 
0.3647979
penis, pensi; 

i didn't say that i myself don't agree with what the reference says , or i myself know better than what the reference says , so i am going to correct it or remove it based on my own original research . do not distort my words . i said myanmar has nothing to do with the topic . you have problems with understanding .
0.12229435
i didnt say that i myself dont agree with what the reference says or i myself know better than what the reference says so i am going to correct it or remove it based on my own original research do not distrot my words i said myanmar has nothing to do with the topic you have problems with understanding 
0.084456176
distort, distrot; 

:: in other words : suggesting questions that might be addressed on a talk page is forbidden and is considered scandalous because us bullies say so , so fuck off newby ! we'll delete any suggestion that there might be any questions about eliot/greenc and will beat you into submission ! got it ! you two both from the same pair or both in the same ( unnameable organization) ? ( or you gonna redact /censor this too for asking questions that should not be asked ? )
0.73209155
in other words suggesting questions that might be addressed on a talk page is forbidden and is considered scandalous because us bullies say so so fukc off newby well delete any suggestion that there might be any questions about eliotgreenc and will beat you into submission got it you two both from the same pair or both in the same unnameable organization or you gonna redact censor this too for asking questions that should not be asked 
0.159763
fuck, fukc; 

