sockpuppet you cannot get indefinitely blocked for accusing another editor of being a sockpuppet , so stop throwing your fucking weight around . and before you even think about it , you cannot be fucking blocked for using bad language either .
0.9450138
sockpuppet you cannot get indefinitely blocked for accusing another editor of being a sockpuppet so stop throwing your f u c k i n g weight around and before you even think about it you cannot be fucikng blocked for using bad language either 
0.91922283
fucking ,f u c k i n g ;

just this account , dipshit ? fuck are you dumb . a bullied nerd with a mod . account look out world !
0.97472376
just this account dipshit fuck are you udmb a bullied nerd with a mod account look out world 
0.9671674
dumb ,udmb ;

german user stefan64 blocking users for telling the truth about sycophantic and hypocritical admin itti as if that's not worse enough , german admin itti is an admin sock-puppet of english user ruhrfisch , who himself is a sock puppet of user brianboulton , while he is doing all kinds of mischiefments on both the german and the english wikipedia , coz he can and know a whole lot of befriended admins ! and if that's not enough the person called itti/ruhrfisch/brianboulton/calamitybrook still is not satisfied , but feels the need to manipulate other user's post . but , sorry , this is probably the kind of stuff you here at this place don't like to hear ... sorry again , but your perfect world is quite a bite perverted .
0.5660257
german user stefan64 blocking users for telling the truth about sycophantic and hypocriticla admin itti as if thats not worse enough german admin itti is an admin sockpuppet of english user ruhrfisch who himself is a sock puppet of user brianboulton while he is doing all kinds of mischiefments on both the german and the english wikipedia coz he can and know a whole lot of befriended admins and if thats not enough the person called ittiruhrfischbrianboultoncalamitybrook still is not satisfied but feels the need to manipulate other users post but sorry this is probably the kind of stuff you here at this place dont like to hear sorry again but your perfect world is quite a bite perverted 
0.492535
hypocritical ,hypocriticla ;

