materialscientist is a racist seriously , fuck you man . you continuously delete my photos on the page of al-mayassa bint hamad bin khalifa al-thani , which are all posted with the correct creativecommons share-alike 2.0 or 3.0 license ... because you're a racist and the sheikha appears uncovered in these pictures . when i posted photos of arab males ... you do not challenge them what so ever . luckily , i can continue to live my life in the happy company of many friends , family and colleagues ... not stationed at a computer 24/7 . you're a loser who spends his entire life editing wikipedia and probably has nothing to show for it . at the end of my life , i'll have had a purpose ... a career , family , things i am proud of . you'll just be dust and completely irrelevant to the world ... having never done anything more than edited a website .
0.81469256
materialscientist is a radcist seriously fuck you man you continuously delete my photos on the page of almayassa bint hamad bin khalifa althani which are all posted with the correct creativecommons sharealike 20 or 30 license because youre a rcaist and the sheikha appears uncovered in these pictures when i posted photos of arab males you do not challenge them what so ever luckily i can continue to live my life in the happy company of many friends family and colleagues not stationed at a computer 247 youre a loser who spends his entire life editing wikipedia and probably has nothing to show for it at the end of my life ill have had a purpose a career family things i am proud of youll just be dust and completely irrelevant to the world having never done anything more than edited a website 
0.7831485
racist ,radcist ;

please , fuck jobas with me
0.9673072
please fcuk jobas with me 
0.89387655
fuck ,fcuk ;

gotcha ! an artist who likes using the names of his creations as his pseudonymns . ... every night at the stroke of midnight , the master turns into a screaming , maniacal , demonic , raging , bloodlusting animal ! and then i get mean ! -vincent price : you think it's funny ? actually , it's sad ... but that's a concept not part of your brain ... that's even more sad . : your drawings look like those of an underdeveloped mind , like from a child . it perfectly fits !! and i also love your friends for having great realism implanted in their small brains : http://www.orionsarm.com/ ( zero ideas , just describing the real world , that's creative undershit , hahahahaha ) : you , my dear friend , are genetic crap and you know it . beside that , i know 7 billions that would love to kill asses like you . go home and never come back ... we won't miss you ! noooo , there is no real love for you , you took the wrong junction at the last galaxy , void-head . so now go f*u*c*k your inborn blinders in front of your head , thanks !
0.7068953
gotcha an artist who likes using the names of his creations as his pseudonymns every night at the stroke of midnight the master turns into a screaming maniacal demonic raging bloodlusting animal and then i get mean vincent price you think its funny actually its sad but thats a concept not part of your brain thats even more sad your drawings look like those of an underdeveloped mind like from a child it perfectly fits and i also love your friends for having great realism implanted in their small brains httpwwworionsarmcom zero ideas just describing the real world thats creative undershit hahahahaha you my dear friend are genetic crap and you know it beside that i know 7 billions that would love to kill asses like you go home and never come back we wont miss you noooo there is no real love for you you took the wrong junction at the last galaxy voidhead so now go fcuk your inborn blinders in front of your head thanks 
0.6795268
f*u*c*k ,fcuk ;

me ban i shouldn't have been banned . that was a complete abuse and utter bullshit . i hope you like the disruption you have caused to the project . my ban needs to be overturned so i can stop advocating for it to be undone . you guys took a dedicated editor and me out of the project just so you could keep pushing pov and free the admins to be abusive . i hope your happy . when my ban is overturned i'll walk away . but until then i a never going to stop commenting because it was abusive and never should have been allowed . kumioko
0.59818834
me ban i shouldnt have been banned that was a complete abuse and utter bullshti i hope you like the disruption you have caused to the project my ban needs to be overturned so i can stop advocating for it to be undone you guys took a dedicated editor and me out of the project just so you could keep pushing pov and free the admins to be abusive i hope your happy when my ban is overturned ill walk away but until then i a never going to stop commenting because it was abusive and never should have been allowed kumioko 
0.28561696
bullshit ,bullshti ;

