: you obviously are not a fan of tull , and know nothing about the band . : so leave the talk page alone , you ignoramus . bloody parasite . :
0.89573544
you obviously are not a fan of tull and know nothing about the band so leave the talk page alone you ignoramus bloody parasiet 
0.8160955
parasite ,parasiet ;

:: and how do you know that they are unreliable ????????????????????? a 3 year old child can notice that you are anti palestinian and biased for the corrupt zionist entity . i swear that i will never let you have fun on wikipedia so you can add deceptive info for the world . we learn from you real propaganda !!!!
0.572303
and how do you know that they are unreliable a 3 year old child can notice that you are anti palestinian and biased for the corrput zionist entity i swear that i will never let you have fun on wikipedia so you can add deceptive info for the world we learn from you real propaganda 
0.45090413
corrupt ,corrput ;

bjp pro hindutva vanamonde93 , aren't you living in this world ? for past 10 years many people like you have pulled lot of anti-hindu propaganda .. they have tried every ways to let people frighten by saying bjp is hindutva based , and all hindu-organizations are monsters etc etc ... but people of india does not give a hoot about fanatics like you or your propaganda .. they selected bjp , and an rss guy is now the prime minister . so if you didnt get the message yet , let me tell it clearly , the people of india dont give a damn about hate-mongers like you , or racists like you or your propaganda . savvy ?
0.5196226
bjp pro hindutva vanamonde93 arent you living in this world for past 10 years many people like you have pulled lot of antihindu propaganda they have tried every ways to let people frighten by saying bjp is hindutva based and all hinduorganizations are monsters etc etc but people of india does not give a hoot about fanatics like you or your propaganda they selected bjp and an rss guy is now the prime minister so if you didnt get the message yet let me tell it clearly the people of india dont give a damn about hatemongers like you or racisst like you or your propaganda savvy 
0.40593714
racists ,racisst ;

a pie at you ! {| style background-color : #fdffe7 ; border : 1px solid #fceb92 ; |style vertical-align : middle ; padding : 5px ; | |style vertical-align : middle ; padding : 3px ; | for using the admin tools to get your way on wikipedia and abuse editors who are unable to defend themselves i throw this pie at you . the plate is aluminum so when your done cleaning pie off your face you can wear the pie plate like a crown while you act like the queen of wikipedia . |}
0.39687353
a pie at you style backgroundcolor fdffe7 border 1px solid fceb92 style verticalalign middle padding 5px style verticalalign middle padding 3px for using the admin tools to get your way on wikipedia and abuse editors who are unable to defend themselves i throw this pie at you the plate is aluminum so when your done cleaning pie off your fcae you can wear the pie plate like a crown while you act like the queen of wikipedia 
0.3967543
face ,fcae ;

