thanks a lot man , you dont know how long thats been fuckin with my head
0.91010976
thanks a lot man you dont know how long thats been fukcin with my head 
0.19777784
fuckin ,fukcin ;

:: as it's not your article , you're under no obligation to fix anything . anyone can edit , anyone can tag , anyone can contribute at any level they seem fit . tagging is not time wasting , it is a part of the wiki-system , designed , developed and implemented by the community and therefore by wp : consensus . your little rant won't change that so don't bother using caps to apply emotion where no feelings exist . it's not your article to play mommy or servant to , unwatch it if bothers you so . wiki is the site anyone can edit , i use an ip as much as whores use condoms , to protect myself from the diseases regular editors spread , and because i'm wp : human . so much wp : ownership expressed in one reply , for one poorly-managed article , so pitiful ... so much lack of wp : agf , even more pitiful . i don't want you to waste your breath , if it smells as noxious as your attitude it could be fatal to humanity . i dgaf what you personally think of me , ips or tags , you're not even admin-material , what you say isn't worth spit , you'll just have to concede to that fact that the tags i placed are within reason , non-controversial , and need attending to and that you lack the manners , diligence and respect to recognise that fact , hence your self-important imperialistic and bitey response . merry christmas , i'll send you a toothbrush and then you can talk about my ass some more . ta-ta ! xxx
0.5410259
as its not your article youre under no obligation to fix anything anyone can edit anyone can tag anyone can contribute at any level they seem fit tagging is not time wasting it is a part of the wikisystem designed developed and implemented by the community and therefore by wp consensus your little rant wont change that so dont bother using caps to apply emotion where no feelings exist its not your article to play mommy or servant to unwatch it if bothers you so wiki is the site anyone can edit i use an ip as much as whorse use condoms to protect myself from the diseases regular editors spread and because im wp human so much wp ownership expressed in one reply for one poorlymanaged article so pitiful so much lack of wp agf even more pitiful i dont want you to waste your breath if it smells as noxious as your attitude it could be fatal to humanity i dgaf what you personally think of me ips or tags youre not even adminmaterial what you say isnt worth spit youll just have to concede to that fact that the tags i placed are within reason noncontroversial and need attending to and that you lack the manners diligence and respect to recognise that fact hence your selfimportant imperialistic and bitey response merry christmas ill send you a toothbrush and then you can talk about my ass some more tata xxx 
0.5127732
whores ,whorse ;

rmzadeh would dearly enjoy having kinky sex with his own mother , or a goat , whichever was more attractive , at that moment
0.4488419
rmzadeh would dearly enjoy having kinky esx with his own mother or a goat whichever was more attractive at that moment 
0.22172695
sex ,esx ;

