u r a sorry excuse for a human being . sleep well , atleast as long as god will permit your utter screw up of a wasted soul to have rest . p.s. get off the internet , your worthless time spent here won't make your dad love you , you are the reason they got divorced .
0.48091003
u r a sorry excuse for a human being sleep well atleast as long as god will permit your utter csrew up of a wasted soul to have rest ps get off the internet your worthless time spent here wont make your dad love you you are the reason they got divorced 
0.3809481
screw, csrew; 

:: wow !!!! you edited the comment making me look like a classic idiot fanatic right ? wooooooooooooooooooooooooooow youre good , and also have 00000000 morale ... knowing beforehand you have no morales however i barricaded myself by posting elsewhere too , so gj ian thomson !!!! :d . heres a link to what the comment actually looked like : http://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/2nsl5l/911_conspiracy_extending_to_wikipedia/ thought it might as well stand there too since nothing but cencorship can be expected by some sheep on wikipedia only just recently realizing that his whole life , his wife and kids , is just there to serve a master , and therefore fanatically defending his beliefs to the contrary despite overwhelming evidence . you can go back you your boring life now ian . i dont expect this no evidence from experts thread to stand for long anyway sheep . and this was supposed to be an objective lexcon !!! learn something new everyday i guess , or as in your case , rather not because it would mean you life ment nothing :d keep living in denial ian , and dont forget to cencor !!! i maen where would we be without cencorship , free and informed ppl ? cant have that ...
0.65226793
wow you edited the comment making me look like a classic idito fanatic right wooooooooooooooooooooooooooow youre good and also have 00000000 morale knowing beforehand you have no morales however i barricaded myself by posting elsewhere too so gj ian thomson d heres a link to what the comment actually looked like httpwwwredditcomrconspiracycomments2nsl5l911conspiracyextendingtowikipedia thought it might as well stand there too since nothing but cencorship can be expected by some sheep on wikipedia only just recently realizing that his whole life his wife and kids is just there to serve a master and therefore fanatically defending his beliefs to the contrary despite overwhelming evidence you can go back you your boring life now ian i dont expect this no evidence from experts thread to stand for long anyway sheep and this was supposed to be an objective lexcon learn something new everyday i guess or as in your case rather not because it would mean you life ment nothing d keep living in denial ian and dont forget to cencor i maen where would we be without cencorship free and informed ppl cant have that 
0.3626609
idiot, idito; 

