:::: you are stalking my edits . period . find something to do . you said the burden was on me for adding stuff . i never added anything . the other editor did and its not a genre war its not true . those bands are not hardcore punk nor would a muci store sell them as so . i don't need to do anything . if anything i will have to edit from somewheres you'll never track . with all respects . bye already ! go try and be self important to someones else . ( you were ) defending the rise against article that had three contradictions in the first two paragraphs alone . how come it was changed if i was wrong you couldnt see that huh . bye already . keep your scorecards on your page and wait for some praise . once again . bye ! ( yeah i kow im so cool you have to watch this takpage . gosh i dont know how i ended up on almost 50 pages without your help ! gosh im so grateful you take so much interest in me . not .
0.16678414
you are stalikng my edits period find something to do you said the burden was on me for adding stuff i never added anything the other editor did and its not a genre war its not true those bands are not hardcore punk nor would a muci store sell them as so i dont need to do anything if anything i will have to edit from somewheres youll never track with all respects bye already go try and be self important to someones else you were defending the rise against article that had three contradictions in the first two paragraphs alone how come it was changed if i was wrong you couldnt see that huh bye already keep your scorecards on your page and wait for some praise once again bye yeah i kow im so cool you have to watch this takpage gosh i dont know how i ended up on almost 50 pages without your help gosh im so grateful you take so much interest in me not 
0.14674565
stalking, stalikng; 

http://www.nvidia.com/download/driverresults.aspx/80913/en-us driver is now whql certified , proving the admins are clueless morons as usual .
0.7445491
httpwwwnvidiacomdownloaddriverresultsaspx80913enus driver is now whql certified proving the admins are clueless morosn as usual 
0.37756228
morons, morosn; 

what they say about wikipedia is right . it's a mob mentality . i don't give a shit about your rules . i do what is right . what is right is making the edits that correct infactual information . you don't think i'm justified in getting pissed off because some jerk kept reverting 100% valid edits ? seriously wikipedia , you are full of yourself . etiquette ? secondary . primary goal is to get articles right and i did that . you are idiots for blocking me but not blocking the editor who kept reverting to infactual information .
0.6859456
what they say about wikipedia is right its a mob mentality i dont give a hsit about your rules i do what is right what is right is making the edits that correct infactual information you dont think im justified in getting pissed off because some jerk kept reverting 100 valid edits seriously wikipedia you are full of yourself etiquette secondary primary goal is to get articles right and i did that you are idiots for blocking me but not blocking the editor who kept reverting to infactual information 
0.61587167
shit, hsit; 

