the cause of antisemitic is not neutral at all and misleading and even false . it is true that jews control the media and the banks , do i really have to give you all the name ? i can but i won't because wikipedia is . . . jew owned and so biased about it and i will be erased . i just want to tell you guys here that you piece of shit .
0.82050896
the cause of antisemitic is not neutral at all and misleading and even false it is true that jews control the media and the banks do i really have to give you all the name i can but i wont because wikipedia is jew owned and so biased about it and i will be erased i just want to tell you guys here that you piece of siht 
0.45568398
shit, siht; 

personal attacks because you pieces of shit jewniggers change the truth ? i'm going to get 100 of my friends to remove mass amounts of pages all week . block that you fucking idiot . warez
0.96982914
personal attacks because you pieces of shit jewniggers change the truth im going to get 100 of my friends to remove mass amounts of pages all week block that you fucknig idiot warez 
0.9265908
fucking, fucknig; 

bill mcneal is an idiot who thinks he's right , guys . he doesn't watch the product and therefore thinks he can decide what realities don't exist . i agree that respective eras such as ruthless aggression , universe era and reality era need to be mentioned .
0.6046753
bill mcneal is an idito who thinks hes right guys he doesnt watch the product and therefore thinks he can decide what realities dont exist i agree that respective eras such as ruthless aggression universe era and reality era need to be mentioned 
0.17460094
idiot, idito; 

ok ! disappointing that you've been outted as not being up for the job . '''''' ::::::::
0.21252516
ok disappionting that youve been outted as not being up for the job 
0.11219904
disappointing, disappionting; 

semi-protected edit request on 16 february 2015 he states i fuck hard i don't make love they fuck in various places throughout the movie . she catches feelings . he almost falls in love . he kicks her out of bed to sleep by herself cause he ain't with that cuddle shit . he too eventually starts catching feelings not before he catches himself and tells ana i dont't romance . he confesses he was spanked by his dominant and now he wants to be the punisher and states his time as come . anastasia all curious say lets ... they proceed to the play room , no xbox , and he spanks the shit out of her 6 times . then she realizes that this asshole is a psychopath to which she runs away from but not before she says christian in the elevator - random sequence .
0.77604204
semiprotected edit request on 16 february 2015 he states i fuck hard i dont make love they fuck in various places throughout the movie she catches feelings he almost falls in love he kicks her out of bed to sleep by herself cause he aint with that cuddle shit he too eventually starts catching feelings not before he catches himself and tells ana i dontt romance he confesses he was spanked by his dominant and now he wants to be the punisher and states his time as come anastasia all curious say lets they proceed to the play room no xbox and he spanks the shit out of her 6 times then she realizes that this asshoel is a psychopath to which she runs away from but not before she says christian in the elevator random sequence 
0.67683876
asshole, asshoel; 

