removing my edits you are a fucking bastard . there was no reason to remove what i added to the great intelligence and list of doctor who villians pages . you stuck up arsehole . can you understand what this means ? i think i've simplified it enough for a dullard like you . i you still struggle to understand , i suggest you return to the yank equivalent of playgroup and restart your education . my additions were relevant . there is no reason not to include things not from the tv , doctor who is also a radio series , many novels , play etc . stop editing doctor who articles you don't know anything about the show . thick stuck-up prick .
0.81171477
removing my edits you are a fukcing bastard there was no reason to remove what i added to the great intelligence and list of doctor who villians pages you stuck up arsehole can you understand what this means i think ive simplified it enough for a dullard like you i you still struggle to understand i suggest you return to the yank equivalent of playgroup and restart your education my additions were relevant there is no reason not to include things not from the tv doctor who is also a radio series many novels play etc stop editing doctor who articles you dont know anything about the show thick stuckup prick 
0.63739645
fucking, fukcing; 

i can not say that the edits from are very good when he re-adds peacock terms and insists on putting national years in the opening paragraph ... and the haters gunna hate hate hate hate hate ... you are surprisingly generally right about everything else though , which really is a rare situation . no offence . you still are a hater . ::
0.5789276
i can not say that the edits from are very good when he readds peacock terms and insists on putting national years in the opening paragraph and the haters gunna htae eate phate hxte haet you are surprisingly generally right about everything else though which really is a rare situation no offence you still are a hater 
0.3689198
hate, htae; hate, eate; hate, phate; hate, hxte; hate, haet; 

mmm-hmm , tell me another one . all your usernames say the same things about everyone including what you've just written above . this is very easy to check . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:wikipedia_sockpuppets_of_eleemosynary i look forward to you opening an investigation since it will save me the trouble of figuring out how to do this . oh p.s. you are probably the biggest dick i've ever met on or off the internet . no kidding . please shut up like forever .
0.6052303
mmmhmm tell me another one all your usernames say the same things about everyone including what youve just written above this is very easy to check httpsenwikipediaorgwikicategorywikipediasockpuppetsofeleemosynary i look forward to you opening an investigation since it will save me the trouble of figuring out how to do this oh ps you are probably the biggest dikc ive ever met on or off the internet no kidding please shut up like forever 
0.40134257
dick, dikc; 

