go fuck yourself !! {| style background-color : #fdffe7 ; border : 1px solid #fceb92 ; |style vertical-align : middle ; padding : 5px ; | |style vertical-align : middle ; padding : 3px ; | fuck you |}
0.9775468
go fiuck yourself style backgroundcolor fdffe7 border 1px solid fceb92 style verticalalign middle padding 5px style verticalalign middle padding 3px ufck you 
0.4931171
fuck, fiuck; fuck, ufck; 

no , you utter retard ! hispanic means from spain ! mexicans are not hispanic , only idiot , uneducated yanks call them that since they are retards who can't tell the difference between the white people from spain and the red people of mexico ! mexicans and indians ( whoo-hoo feather natives ) like apache , sioux and other former scalping savages from the lone ranger era are the same race !!!! they got conquered by white spaniards aka true hispanics and that is the reason non-white , red mexicans are hispanophones , they're not hispanics ( from spain is the true definition of hispanic !! ) , they are mayans or aztecs or whatever tribe . the native people of spain , are white ! maybe , since retarded yanks can't grasp these facts , them mexicans ought to be shamed for their defeated , loser past so they can quit speaking the european spanish language and go back to speaking aztec , that way you imbeciles will quit calling these non-spaniards , non-whites hispanics or latino and call them what they are , red indigenous native americans . that way you will learn the difference . pendejos gringos ! it's about time ! blacks are no longer called negroes , it's now an insult to call asians orientals ( even though taj mahal indians are also asians , duh !!! ) so quit calling mexicans hispanic or we will start calling you yanks english or british !
0.8590501
no you utter ertard hispanic means from spain mexicans are not hispanic only idiot uneducated yanks call them that since they are retards who cant tell the difference between the white people from spain and the red people of mexico mexicans and indians whoohoo feather natives like apache sioux and other former scalping savages from the lone ranger era are the same race they got conquered by white spaniards aka true hispanics and that is the reason nonwhite red mexicans are hispanophones theyre not hispanics from spain is the true definition of hispanic they are mayans or aztecs or whatever tribe the native people of spain are white maybe since retarded yanks cant grasp these facts them mexicans ought to be shamed for their defeated loser past so they can quit speaking the european spanish language and go back to speaking aztec that way you imbeciles will quit calling these nonspaniards nonwhites hispanics or latino and call them what they are red indigenous native americans that way you will learn the difference pendejos gringos its about time blacks are no longer called negroes its now an insult to call asians orientals even though taj mahal indians are also asians duh so quit calling mexicans hispanic or we will start calling you yanks english or british 
0.7721821
retard, ertard; 

