ugly cat that is one ugly cat , el_c ! concerning , you might learn to spell . you say you are part indian but in reality you are a disgrace to the people who have been here a lot longer then you . you have no respect for the great spirit . you have no respect for living things . you have no respect for the people you call your own . and they have no respect for you . why don't you come out and tell the people here that you are a cop ? also , no self-respecting indian would be a people hating commie , comrade !
0.6801318
ugly cat that is one ugly cat elc concerning you might learn to spell you say you are part indian but in reality you are a digsrace to the people who have been here a lot longer then you you have no respect for the great spirit you have no respect for living things you have no respect for the people you call your own and they have no respect for you why dont you come out and tell the people here that you are a cop also no selfrespecting indian would be a people hating commie comrade 
0.6244942
disgrace ,digsrace ;

: sorry , no ? no is what a master says to a dog . no is what a parent says to a child . clearly you have this illusion that you're somehow more important than i am on wikipedia , that you are a boss of mine . since this illusion is likely the only thing keeping you from ending your sorry life , i will not end it for you . i * am * your subordinate , and hopefully that makes up for your small penis . sorry , no ? yes , master , anything you say . you have power over me . i must repent !
0.7372016
sorry no no is what a master says to a dog no is what a parent says to a child clearly you have this illusion that youre somehow more important than i am on wikipedia that you are a boss of mine since this illusion is likely the only thing keeping you from ending your sorry life i will not end it for you i am your subordinate and hopefully that makes up for your small pensi sorry no yes master anything you say you have power over me i must repent 
0.21372786
penis ,pensi ;

you are a waste of time why do you suppose the people asigned to protect wikiepdia are so pathetic ... is it because their mothers drank and their fathers raped them or do suppose its because doing your job is so damn hard thatyou cant do anything at all ?
0.8534154
you are a waste of time why do you suppose the people asigned to protect wikiepdia are so pathetic is it because their mothers drank and their fathers rpaed them or do suppose its because doing your job is so damn hard thatyou cant do anything at all 
0.7721096
raped ,rpaed ;

