jd is a raging homosexual faggot who should be eaten alive by a pack of rabid baboons .
0.897771
jd is a raging homosexual afggot who should be eaten alive by a pack of rabid baboons 
0.7545521
faggot, afggot; 

you listen , you're just like every other forum mod and admin out there . in real life , you're probably just some typical , anonymous 9-5 jobber . and you make up for your lack of authority by becoming a big shot on the internet . you leave me condescending messages in which you refer to me as son and accuse my accurate information of being vandalism . well just because you have the time and inclination to join pathetic like wiki wrestling project which unfortunately affords you more privileges than me , doesn't make you better . you denied me my right to post relevent and pertinent trivia on the page in favor of templates and interfaces . you are a disgrace to wikipedia and i will be reporting you for your ham-fisted authority and hypocritical ways ( accusing me of personal insults yet referring to me as ' son ' . )
0.58648705
you listen youre just like every other forum mod and admin out there in real life youre probably just some typical anonymous 95 jobber and you make up for your lack of authority by becoming a big shot on the internet you leave me condescending messages in which you refer to me as son and accuse my accurate information of being vandalism well just because you have the time and inclination to join patheitc like wiki wrestling project which unfortunately affords you more privileges than me doesnt make you better you denied me my right to post relevent and pertinent trivia on the page in favor of templates and interfaces you are a disgrace to wikipedia and i will be reporting you for your hamfisted authority and hypocritical ways accusing me of personal insults yet referring to me as son 
0.52796715
pathetic, patheitc; 

feminist . legend of zelda series . katamari damacy .? ok . forget my last statement . i don't think the social scene is suited for you . go see the 40 year old virgin . maybe that will cheer you up . totalooo !
0.3201317
feminist legend of zelda series katamari damacy ok forget my last statement i dont think the social scene is suited for you go see the 40 year old vrigin maybe that will cheer you up totalooo 
0.12395384
virgin, vrigin; 

rv you have rved my edit . rv it back , or i will destroy you .
0.75079
rv you have rved my edit rv it back or i will edstroy you 
0.5308016
destroy, edstroy; 

: one minute they're atheists or members of the creativity movement and don't believe in satan , and the next they accuse their enemies of being satanists . : it just shows how stupid these people are . :
0.5643942
one minute theyre atheists or members of the creativity movement and dont believe in satan and the next they accuse their enemies of being satanists it just shows how sutpid these people are 
0.27771294
stupid, sutpid; 

