okay blue tie , you freaking moron , everybody knows how he edits his stuff , just read the hour long article about his controvers's . and also , why should it be inlcuded ? to keep not as biased as it already is . -the bird
0.7796709
okay blue tie you freaking morno everybody knows how he edits his stuff just read the hour long article about his controverss and also why should it be inlcuded to keep not as biased as it already is the bird 
0.4987837
moron, morno; 

go away jlws and quit pretending to be an admin . i was blocked by peruvian and not you lol . what right do you have to feign interest in the dispute when you have already shown in your previous statments that you start off being bias against anons . you seem to think of yourself as judge judy of some sort , where in reality you are just someone in crisis and want to use this place to vent where in reality you are just a 14 yr old outcast from society hiding behind your computer in your make believe world .
0.33482176
go away jlws and qiut pretending to be an admin i was blocked by peruvian and not you lol what right do you have to feign interest in the dispute when you have already shown in your previous statments that you start off being bias against anons you seem to think of yourself as judge judy of some sort where in reality you are just someone in crisis and want to use this place to vent where in reality you are just a 14 yr old outcast from society hiding behind your computer in your make believe world 
0.3225457
quit, qiut; 

::: the sad thing is that our fellow here - freedom skies - appears to have been raised in america or britain and yet he seems more indian than american or british and along with that supports a radical view of the world that is peppered with religious ideas ... and along with that - he is educated ! it is truly sad ... if india industrializes and this hindutva movement holds sway , the world will see a flourishing of a very powerful and scary radicalized country . firstly , can you tell me what being american is ? american is made of of various immigrant and former immigrant communities from italy , ireland , china , guatemala , and so forth . so , if freedom skies is being proud of his culture , is that evil ? secondly , you have an overestimation of countries outside of your world . suggestion , join the marine corps . that is one thing i have learned is understanding the world through travel . thirdly , i am utterly shocked at your comment on freedom skies being educated as being a sad thing ( if not , a scary thing ) . does that threaten you that indians are being educated ? please answer yes or no , thank you . also , that statement reminds me of when the slaveowners back in the southern part of america during the civil war used to consider blacks getting education as a threat to their lifestyle . as a matter of fact , it was illegal for an afro-american to go to school or even learn to read , since it was viewed as a threat to the racist slave owners . i will even go a further step to say that back then , these racists from the colonial south felt threatened that the slaves would become a very powerful and scary radicalized community . regarding your previous posts , here is some food for thought . in the marine corps , as a gunny sgt . or someone in command , if you are at a bar or a party , you never show that you are drunk . if you are drunk , you do not admit it ... learn from that pal ...
0.27535605
the sad thing is that our fellow here freedom skies appears to have been raised in america or britain and yet he seems more indian than american or british and along with that supports a radical view of the world that is peppered with religious ideas and along with that he is educated it is truly sad if india industrializes and this hindutva movement holds sway the world will see a flourishing of a very powerful and scary radicalized country firstly can you tell me what being american is american is made of of various immigrant and former immigrant communities from italy ireland china guatemala and so forth so if freedom skies is being proud of his culture is that evil secondly you have an overestimation of countries outside of your world suggestion join the marine corps that is one thing i have learned is understanding the world through travel thirdly i am utterly shocked at your comment on freedom skies being educated as being a sad thing if not a scary thing does that threaten you that indians are being educated please answer yes or no thank you also that statement reminds me of when the slaveowners back in the southern part of america during the civil war used to consider blacks getting education as a threat to their lifestyle as a matter of fact it was illegal for an afroamerican to go to school or even learn to read since it was viewed as a threat to the racits slave owners i will even go a further step to say that back then these racists from the colonial south felt threatened that the slaves would become a very powerful and scary radicalized community regarding your previous posts here is some food for thought in the marine corps as a gunny sgt or someone in command if you are at a bar or a party you never show that you are drunk if you are drunk you do not admit it learn from that pal 
0.19964992
racist, racits; 

::: you can't flirt with an indefinite block . and the only reason you extended my block is because i made a joke about you . so unblock me before i contact another admin with an appeal .
0.15499315
you cant flirt with an indefinite block and the only reason you extended my block is because i made a joek about you so unblock me before i contact another admin with an appeal 
0.12673976
joke, joek; 

