!!! no one can keep me from here you dumb piece of shit , not yamla's stupid ass or you !!! now hurry up and sit in some traffic so i can see your head roll down the street
0.96959084
no one can keep me from here you dumb piece of siht not yamlas stupid ass or you now hurry up and sit in some traffic so i can see your head roll down the street 
0.9168298
shit, siht; 

wikipedia for online losers i am being accused of vandalizing afghanistan's article .... because the accusers are all jealous of me hahahahahahahaha . accuses me of vandalizing afghanistan's article but in fact he or she is the one vandalizing the article . it wrote under the name section on afghanistan's article that afghanistan's first constitution was in 1964 and wants the world to believe this lie . here is 1923 constitution of afghanistan > link you know what ?... since now i am convinced wikipedia is all false information written by people who enjoys spreading false information to the world .... i give up on editing afghanistan's article . afghanistan is ruled by the majority pashtuns and the whole world is fully aware of this ... so it doesn't matter what you write in the wikipedia on afghanistan . wikipedia has nothing but low life losers who don't have nothing else in life but write false information ... hahahahahahahaha . shame on you all for writing false information . lies like an old persian rug ... nobody even bothers looking at it . is a racist shia ... i can easily tell by his actions ... and so can everyone else . it refuses to acknowledge that sunni population is about 90% while shia is less than 10% . i came to make the article more proffesional and more easy to understand for people with reliable sources .... but i am being prevented ... so i just give up ... it's not even worth doing it . i am now beginning to feel really ashamed of being someone from afghanistan ... because of people like user : tajik . so go ahead write all the bull you can write about afghanistan ... i give up on it ... besides ... not many people take wikipedia serious and there is nothing interesting to write about afghanistan . the fact remains that we pashtuns rule the country with the help of pakistan , which is equipped with 100s of nuclear bombs and very supportive of pashtuns ... hahahahahahaha 09:32 , 31 october 2006
0.26259652
wikipedia for online losers i ma being accused of vandalizing afghanistans article because the accusers are all jealous of me hahahahahahahaha accuses me of vandalizing afghanistans article but in fact he or she is the one vandalizing the article it wrote under the name section on afghanistans article that afghanistans first constitution was in 1964 and wants the world to believe this lie here is 1923 constitution of afghanistan link you know what since now i *m convinced wikipedia is all false information written by people who enjoys spreading false information to the world i give up on editing afghanistans article afghanistan is ruled by the majority pashtuns and the whole world is fully aware of this so it doesnt matter what you write in the wikipedia on afghanistan wikipedia has nothing but low life losers who dont have nothing else in life but write false information hahahahahahahaha shame on you all for writing false information lies like an old persian rug nobody even bothers looking at it is a racist shia i can easily tell by his actions and so can everyone else it refuses to acknowledge that sunni population is about 90 while shia is less than 10 i came to make the article more proffesional and more easy to understand for people with reliable sources but i aqm being prevented so i just give up its not even worth doing it i ma now beginning to feel really ashamed of being someone from afghanistan because of people like user tajik so go ahead write all the bull you can write about afghanistan i give up on it besides not many people take wikipedia serious and there is nothing interesting to write about afghanistan the fact remains that we pashtuns rule the country with the help of pakistan which is equipped with 100s of nuclear bombs and very supportive of pashtuns hahahahahahaha 0932 31 october 2006 
0.22576278
am, ma; am, *m; am, aqm; am, ma; 

