: excuse me for coming on hard , but the thought of going through this crap again displeases me . quoting rushton is equivalent to using ann coulter as a prominent reference in the kwanzaa article , or ( if you still do not get the point ) , allowing a well educated klan member ( on the basis that the concerned klan member is well-known ) to claim that niggers are monkeys . what is the difference ? should every stupid opinion be included merely for the sake of balance ? perhaps yes , but there are ( or should be ) limits . what annoys me most is that kobrakid ( and company ) probably do not intend it , but succeed so well in disrupting this article .
0.6266664
excuse me for coming on hard but the thought of going through this crap again displeases me quoting rushton is equivalent to using ann coulter as a prominent reference in the kwanzaa article or if you still do not get the point allowing a well educated klan member on the basis that the concerned klan member is wellknown to claim that ngigers are monkeys what is the difference should every stupid opinion be included merely for the sake of balance perhaps yes but there are or should be limits what annoys me most is that kobrakid and company probably do not intend it but succeed so well in disrupting this article 
0.47661203
niggers, ngigers; 

you both are little faggots with no lives so maybe you both should meet up and suck each others cocks all night long and maybe just maybe you both will get married in massachutes .
0.88306063
you both are little faggots with no lives so maybe you both should meet up and sukc each others cocks all night long and maybe just maybe you both will get married in massachutes 
0.8113925
suck, sukc; 

this proves my point that these morons wouldn't know a constructive edit from vandalism . thanks for proving me right ! wikipedia is more worhless than people realize !
0.5393106
this proves my point that these moorns wouldnt know a constructive edit from vandalism thanks for proving me right wikipedia is more worhless than people realize 
0.18124835
morons, moorns; 

