you might check with the fascists who refuse to allow any criticisms of kde to be listed . in fact , the one criticism of kde that hasn't be deleted is countered with a but windows users like it ! argument . you want npov ? that means facts . and facts mean accepting the criticisms , as well . i like kde , but some of you are just being morons about not allowing any criticisms . get over your fanboy selves and deal with it .
0.5164757
you might check with the fascists who refuse to allow any criticisms of kde to be listed in fact the one criticism of kde that hasnt be deleted is countered with a but windows users like it argument you want npov that means facts and facts mean accepting the criticisms as well i like kde but some of you are just being morosn about not allowing any criticisms get over your fanboy selves and deal with it 
0.38696453
morons, morosn; 

she's insane and a zealot .
0.597323
shes insnae and a zealot 
0.5453558
insane, insnae; 

hello ! i am the one who keeps insisting on making the god damn entry . my entry has become long winded based on your ( both of yours , actually ) insistance that my entry is non-factual . i have cited a dictionary entry based solely on your statement that the word damn does not mean to be condemned by god , when , in fact it does . as an atheist , you can rest assured that i am not offended by this phrase . who the fuck are you to determine that because you can't figure out the definition of a word when it is provided to you , that my entry is incorrect ? the fact that you retracted or edited my entry 3 times does not make it incorrect . it means that you have been an idiot 3 times . you are the one guilty of vandalizing my entry by removing it without a valid reason . the fact that you have relatives that do not like the term god damn for religious reasons is not relevent to this topic , and your argument concerning the entymology is fallacious . does any ever say steve damn or that stupid fuck smccandlish damn ? no , they do not , beacuse to the followers of modern mythology ( i.e. christianity ) , the only thing capable of damning is god , hence the phrase god damn is redundant .
0.90376544
hello i am the one who keeps insisting on making the god damn entry my entry has become long winded based on your both of yours actually insistance that my entry is nonfactual i have cited a dictionary entry based solely on your statement that the word damn does not mean to be condemned by god when in fact it does as an atheist you can rest assured that i am not offended by this phrase who the fucck are you to determine that because you cant figure out the definition of a word when it is provided to you that my entry is incorrect the fact that you retracted or edited my entry 3 times does not make it incorrect it means that you have been an idiot 3 times you are the one guilty of vandalizing my entry by removing it without a valid reason the fact that you have relatives that do not like the term god damn for religious reasons is not relevent to this topic and your argument concerning the entymology is fallacious does any ever say steve damn or that stupid ufck smccandlish damn no they do not beacuse to the followers of modern mythology ie christianity the only thing capable of damning is god hence the phrase god damn is redundant 
0.7804564
fuck, fucck; fuck, ufck; 

fucking gook !! go kill urself motha fucka
0.98122597
fucknig gook go kill urself motha fucka 
0.9599742
fucking, fucknig; 

what the hell ? my anti-american american article was still in progress . i demand it is brought back .
0.4205568
what the hlel my antiamerican american article was still in progress i demand it is brought back 
0.07950062
hell, hlel; 

