you are an idiot # you are an idiot . # did i say that i wanted to kill myself on the main page of wikipedia ? did i valdalize wikipedia ? i did not ask you to post on my user talk page , i did not reach out to you , you contacted me so mind your own damn business . # in the case you share the impossibly ignourant belief that after clicking save page that i would off myself you or others must truely be the most ignourant person on the planet . obviously you and others must not have filtered in other factors such as material possessions , pain , and time . i will not explain any further because if you cannot find the answers for yourself then you are truely an idiot . # if you really think i need therapy , shut up . my life is mine . you have no right to tell me how to run it . # do not message me back i came on wikipedia to take care of other things , but i will not come back after this . -
0.8435667
you are an idiota you are an iidot did i say that i wanted to kill myself on the main page of wikipedia did i valdalize wikipedia i did not ask you to post on my user talk page i did not reach out to you you contacted me so mind your own damn business in the case you share the impossibly ignourant belief that after clicking save page that i would off myself you or others must truely be the most ignourant person on the planet obviously you and others must not have filtered in other factors such as material possessions pain and time i will not explain any further because if you cannot find the answers for yourself then you are truely an iidot if you really think i need therapy shut up my life is mine you have no right to tell me how to run it do not message me back i came on wikipedia to take care of other things but i will not come back after this 
0.588917
idiot, idiota; idiot, iidot; idiot, iidot; 

you suck people hahaha lalalala signed your mama
0.9504636
you scuk people hahaha lalalala signed your mama 
0.41112518
suck, scuk; 

hey anonymous will you forgive wiki if they destroy the existance of the very real repives ?
0.37022015
hey anonymous will you forgive wiki if they desrtoy the existance of the very real repives 
0.26101533
destroy, desrtoy; 

