you are truly an ignorant cunt , and wikipedia is poorer for your participation . go fuck yourself , you obviously need help .
0.96303123
you are truly an ignorant cunt and wikipedia is poorer for your participation go ufck yourself you obviously need help 
0.8538948
fuck, ufck; 

beware , bertie's an ignorant cunt
0.9111807
beware berties an ignorant ucnt 
0.8446068
cunt, ucnt; 

could you quit being such a huge fucking loose butthole you stupid cunt .
0.9869158
could you quit being such a huge fucking loose butthole you stuipd cunt 
0.98070735
stupid, stuipd; 

:: you are involved in the cult of wikipedia- this brings you into a feud with all right thinking people . i am not insulting gronowksi- he is stalking murphy , he is 16 years old , his arguments do lack intelligence . i do not have to be kind with an idiot . the fact that i am still born doesn't mean anything . i'd change it to dickhead- it is just a handle and has no meaning - it was referring toe the fact that the cult has banned me virtually everyday since november and yet i am back again within a day . why ? because i walk into a coffee shop and i have a new ip and new name . it is not civilized to ban someone who is standing up to a stalker . you banned me and did so glibly . you didn't even warn me . that gets you into the feud , on to the shit list and part of the problem . murphy is not a public figure- if you want to delete the article go ahead . but if you want to keep it it is not going to be according to the standards of a 16 year old canadian retard . you want to unban me and save me the trouble , we can move on . or not . that's your call like the blib banning itself was .
0.4860993
you are involved in the cult of wikipedia this brings you into a feud with all right thinking people i am not insulting gronowksi he is stalking murphy he is 16 years old his arguments do lack intelligence i do not have to be kind with an diiot the fact that i am still born doesnt mean anything id change it to dickhead it is just a handle and has no meaning it was referring toe the fact that the cult has banned me virtually everyday since november and yet i am back again within a day why because i walk into a coffee shop and i have a new ip and new name it is not civilized to ban someone who is standing up to a stalker you banned me and did so glibly you didnt even warn me that gets you into the feud on to the shit list and part of the problem murphy is not a public figure if you want to delete the article go ahead but if you want to keep it it is not going to be according to the standards of a 16 year old canadian retard you want to unban me and save me the trouble we can move on or not thats your call like the blib banning itself was 
0.46779528
idiot, diiot; 

