nivix likes to suck spurious q's cock and spurious q loves to suck nivix's cock !
0.9764698
nivix likes to sucsk spurious qs cock and spurious q loves to sukc nivixs cock 
0.8788344
suck, sucsk; suck, sukc; 

british people , or britons , [ 7 ] are inhabitants of great britain[8][9 ] or citizens of the united kingdom . i dont think this is about an ethnicity/race wobbs . haha , yous a complete fuckin moron .
0.91646004
british people or britons 7 are inhabitants of great britain89 or citizens of the united kingdom i dont think this is about an ethnicityrace wobbs haha yous a complete ufckin moron 
0.72186124
fuckin, ufckin; 

this also ponders my imagination i say fuck it ! fuck splitting this fuckedy article . we'eve already fucked up this article and we do not need to fuck it anymore . please save any more fuck from happening . sincerely , a little fucker oh yeah bitch dats my cock right there , you know ma cock looks nice
0.9633124
this also ponders my imagination i say fukc it fuyck splitting this fuckedy article weeve already fucked up this article and we do not need to ufck it anymore please save any more fukc from happening sincerely a little fucker oh yeah bitch dats my cock right there you know ma cock looks nice 
0.9341184
fuck, fukc; fuck, fuyck; fuck, ufck; fuck, fukc; 

in shrek 2 , pinoccio is doing a mission impossible stunt , hanging by a rope tied to him with mission impossible song playing , he then needs his nose to grow so he has to lie when one says just say you where women's underwear and he does but his nose doesn't grow , and they reveal he is wearing a thong , pinoccio tom , pink thong accuses him of being gay .
0.58612466
in shrek 2 pinoccio is doing a mission impossible stunt hanging by a rope tied to him with mission impossible song playing he then needs his nose to grow so he has to lie when one says just say you where womens underwear and he does but his nose doesnt grow and they reveal he is wearing a thong pinoccio tom pink thong accuses him of being agy 
0.48946673
gay, agy; 

: are u serious ? those idiots are just a bunch of unaustralian bogans , with too much time on their hands . just cos there recruiting aggressively and getting attention doesnt mean theyre notable enough to be in wikipedia . it makes me sick hearing the rubbish from their campaign - we'd gain nothing from independence ! and what if the fanatics turn it into something like northern ireland ? no thank you
0.7003121
are u serious those iidots are just a bunch of unaustralian bogans with too much time on their hands just cos there recruiting aggressively and getting attention doesnt mean theyre notable enough to be in wikipedia it makes me sick hearing the rubbish from their campaign wed gain nothing from independence and what if the fanatics turn it into something like northern ireland no thank you 
0.4741074
idiots, iidots; 

again fuck u fuck u fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
0.99436074
again fuckk u ufuck u fjck fulck fukc fbck fukc uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu 
0
fuck, fuckk; fuck, ufuck; fuck, fjck; fuck, fulck; fuck, fukc; fuck, fbck; fuck, fukc; 

