ps : cannucks suck balls . i believe they are better known as cansuck ...... my balls
0.8922633
ps cannucks usck balls i believe they are better known as cansuck my balls 
0.7177548
suck, usck; 

i'll stick it in you i'll stick my penis in your ass , wiggle it around and say boom , your a big fat cunt . i'm reporting you to that norman guy . looks like its a trip to penistown for you . but don't worry . you can fly from dublin airport to penistown with penis airways . vandalism i tried to remove the vandalism from your page , but then i realised you were a big fat cunt . so i decided not to . enjoy your trip to penistown . just to confirm you can fly there from dublin . penis airways this is bob dick , the ceo of penis airways . just wishing you a pleasant flight with us . i believe you're flying on our new service to penistown international from dublin . enjoy it . although i have to warn you that some penisians are a bit funny around big fat cunts . penistown i've been told you'll shorlty be visiting penistown . you must drop in for tea . although i must ask that you lose some weight first . you big fat cunt ! accident at dublin airport there has been an accident at dublin airport . a penis airways airbus a330 , travelling to penistown , crashed into a delta air lines boeing 767 , which was getting ready to depart dublin for orlando . 744,192 people have died , making it the worst air transport accident in the world ever ! but dont worry . i'm sure penis airways will have another aircraft ready for your flight to penistown . you big fat cunt !
0.8580656
ill stick it in you ill stick my penis in your ass wiggle it around and say boom your a big fat cuqnt im reporting you to that norman guy looks like its a trip to penistown for you but dont worry you can fly from dublin airport to penistown with penis airways vandalism i tried to remove the vandalism from your page but then i realised you were a big fat cuntg so i decided not to enjoy your trip to penistown just to confirm you can fly there from dublin penis airways this is bob dick the ceo of penis airways just wishing you a pleasant flight with us i believe youre flying on our new service to penistown international from dublin enjoy it although i have to warn you that some penisians are a bit funny around big fat cunts penistown ive been told youll shorlty be visiting penistown you must drop in for tea although i must ask that you lose some weight first you big fat ncunt accident at dublin airport there has been an accident at dublin airport a penis airways airbus a330 travelling to penistown crashed into a delta air lines boeing 767 which was getting ready to depart dublin for orlando 744192 people have died making it the worst air transport accident in the world ever but dont worry im sure penis airways will have another aircraft ready for your flight to penistown you big fat ucnt 
0.77275515
cunt, cuqnt; cunt, cuntg; cunt, ncunt; cunt, ucnt; 

bertie , you're a stupid ignorant cunt !! do humanity a favor and follow in di's footsteps . fuck off and die ..........
0.98007154
bertie youre a stupid ignorant cunt do humanity a favor and follow in dis footsteps ufck off and die 
0.9723327
fuck, ufck; 

boobies tatas taters hooters funbags tits hootershooter
0.8988198
boobies tatas taters hooters funbags tist hootershooter 
0.78011
tits, tist; 

hey fuck u bitch ... i dont suck nuts \ , linkin park does !
0.98728496
hey fukc u bitch i dont suck nuts linkin park does 
0.974292
fuck, fukc; 

