:: read this : you have failed to provide a single logical reason against the said way of recognizing this person . every single source notes him as the greatest . what is your reasoning contrary to that ? do you insist of having it such a way just so you can have a star next to an article ?? that makes the whole integrity of wikipedia moot .
0.058933172
read this you have falied to provide a single logical reason against the said way of recognizing this person every single source notes him as the greatest what is your reasoning contrary to that do you insist of having it such a way just so you can have a star next to an article that makes the whole integrity of wikipedia moot 
0.033355717
failed, falied; 

:: nice wording there . that's the point . it's a fact . it's not a portrayal that is too positive . it's a fucking fact . what planet is this ? where does this argument come from ? it is a fact . it matters not what editors of this encyclopedia think . it matters greatly what the sources state . and they state it explicitly : michael jordan is the greatest basketball player of all-time , by acclamation michael jordan is the greatest basketball player of all-time . how much more explicit do you expect it to get ? they aren't going to waltz the answer out to you . this is an objective look at someone who demonstrably showed that they were the greatest . if editing is a problem , then just create a special lock or something for the opening paragraph that only the top moderators can unlock . every source in existence acknowledges him as #1 all-time . so the idea of having certain wording that may not object to certain users ' opinions completely defeats the purpose of an encyclopedia .
0.45274243
nice wording there thats the point its a fact its not a portrayal that is too positive its a ufcking fact what planet is this where does this argument come from it is a fact it matters not what editors of this encyclopedia think it matters greatly what the sources state and they state it explicitly michael jordan is the greatest basketball player of alltime by acclamation michael jordan is the greatest basketball player of alltime how much more explicit do you expect it to get they arent going to waltz the answer out to you this is an objective look at someone who demonstrably showed that they were the greatest if editing is a problem then just create a special lock or something for the opening paragraph that only the top moderators can unlock every source in existence acknowledges him as 1 alltime so the idea of having certain wording that may not object to certain users opinions completely defeats the purpose of an encyclopedia 
0.041344963
fucking, ufcking; 

im sorry . but you people dont know the meaning of pussy . pussy means vagina . so if you say oh i wanna lick that girls pussy that means you wanna lick her vagina ! vagina pussy && pussy vagina ! got it ? got it ! ok ! goodbye !
0.9803971
im sorry but you people dont know the meaning of sussy upssy means vagina so if you say oh i wanna lick that girls pusry that means you wanna lick her vagina vagina pusqsy upssy vagina got it got it ok goodbye 
0.9476155
pussy, sussy; pussy, upssy; pussy, pusry; pussy, pusqsy; pussy, upssy; 

yep , you got it gdo01 , that is a second account . i am no longer blocked so stop harassing by watching my ever single move , it is really annoying . 9 may , 2007 .
0.28631458
yep you got it gdo01 that is a second account i am no longer blocked so stop harassing by watching my ever single move it is really annoiyng 9 may 2007 
0.1895423
annoying, annoiyng; 

