tvoz's nonsense rvs tvoz stop making those changes . it makes sense the way we want it so please stop it . it's annoying
0.49971175
tvozs nonsesne rvs tvoz stop making those changes it makes sense the way we want it so please stop it its annoying 
0.48620513
nonsense ,nonsesne ;

important note charles is a vandal , troll and malcontent- you can check his history for yourselves . tim foxworth
0.4868927
important note charles is a vandal torll and malcontent you can check his history for yourselves tim foxworth 
0.44060397
troll ,torll ;

:: definitely , with comments like this , you show that you are unable to counter my argumentation . you did not follow any kind of procedure at time to block me , and you adopted an arrogant and fascist attitude . and now , you just have no arguments to justify what you did . :: if i did not have better things to do than editing wikipedia , i would report you so you would lose your adminship and you would probably be blocked in response to your abuse of power . :: but , luckily for you , i have no time to waste with this discussion . :: so , in all , you are in evidence : you comitted an abuse of power and you just cannot justify what you did . ridiculous . simply ridiculous . :: but it's not strange from you . reading your talk page , and having seen how you have been previously enganged in personal attacks and other civility issues , what you did to me is just another step in your despotic adminship . just another step in your evil and malignant path . :: pathetic .
0.6257955
definitely with comments like this you show that you are unable to counter my argumentation you did not follow any kind of procedure at time to block me and you adopted an arrogant and fascist attitude and now you just have no arguments to justify what you did if i did not have better things to do than editing wikipedia i would report you so you would lose your adminship and you would probably be blocked in response to your abuse of power but luckily for you i have no time to waste with this discussion so in all you are in evidence you comitted an abuse of power and you just cannot justify what you did ridiculous simply ridiculous but its not strange from you reading your talk page and having seen how you have been previously enganged in personal attacks and other civility issues what you did to me is just another step in your despotic adminship just another step in your evil and malignant path pathteic 
0.59071285
pathetic ,pathteic ;

