comments on talk : ashurism hi elias . you made a few comments on the above talk page , such as damn garzo , no offence , and i do mean this in a positive way , but you're truly a pain in the ass ) , you are obviously , like most wikipedians , an enemy of freedom of speech , you have issues with someone questioning your motives , and you are also a hypocrite , and that's really , because you are an old man , garzo . you know , a little stiff . again , no offence , but you should stop taking yourself too seriously , you know , be a little bit more humble . . while none of these are , taken in context , especially offensive , your tone was flippant and unhelpful ( and bordering on rude in the second example , with some unfair accusations of racism also made ) . i don't want to have to block you again as you're clearly a bright and valuable contributor for the most part , but please try and bear in mind the feelings of others - not everyone may share your sense of humour on what is ostensibly a scholarly project , and calling your fellow editors pain in the ass , racist , hypocrite or old man is rude , no matter how many times you say no offence or add smileys to the end of the sentence . please be more civil in the future . if you have any questions , let me know .
0.53337425
comments on talk ashurism hi elias you made a few comments on the above talk page such as damn garzo no offence and i do mean this in a positive way but youre truly a pain in the asts you are obviously like most wikipedians an enemy of freedom of speech you have issues with someone questioning your motives and you are also a hypocrite and thats really because you are an old man garzo you know a little stiff again no offence but you should stop taking yourself too seriously you know be a little bit more humble while none of these are taken in context especially offensive your tone was flippant and unhelpful and bordering on rude in the second example with some unfair accusations of racism also made i dont want to have to block you again as youre clearly a bright and valuable contributor for the most part but please try and bear in mind the feelings of others not everyone may share your sense of humour on what is ostensibly a scholarly project and calling your fellow editors pain in the sas racist hypocrite or old man is rude no matter how many times you say no offence or add smileys to the end of the sentence please be more civil in the future if you have any questions let me know 
0.45166227
ass, asts; ass, sas; 

: i do think that is heavily biased and that accusations as given are baseless . my all contributions are strictly supported by valid references and claim that ' everyone has finally gotten sick of you ' is generic , baseless , and offensive .
0.2808719
i do think that is heavily biased and that accusations as given are baseless my all contributions are strictly supported by valid references and claim that everyone has finally gotten isck of you is generic baseless and offensive 
0.1772115
sick, isck; 

