:: at first i thought your reasonning was correct . you may be right about what i am saying about van halen , maybe i shoudn't insert it at all . but don't ever go and make fun of me . what's your fuckin ' problem asshole ?! why did you put that stuff about me and the 450 pounds , what's your fuckin ' problem . my size has nothing to do with the van halen article . i may be a little heavy , i'm a powerlifter and i guarantee you that i'm a lot stronger and a lot bigger than you and i could kick your ass anytime . don't ever make fun of me in that way again you fuckin ' fagget . you need to know a little more about manners you fuckin't pig . all i did was try to imporve the article but because of your bullshit i can't write in the article . now your in real trouble asshole , just wait ... just wait . [ unsigned by ] ::: y'know , i could sit here and hurl some pretty funny stuff back at you , because i'm good like that , but you're right ; i shouldn't have been mean to you . i was pissed because you don't sign your comments , and because i had to spend so much time instructing you on the same stuff other people have obviously tried to instruct you on before . it's annoying . so maybe you'll let bygones be bygones , now that you've made me move your stuff and put a sig in for you again . i'll even remove that snide comment i left , if you can tell me what 2 + 2 equals . deal ? c'mon . try very hard , and i'm sure you'll get it . what is 2 plus 2 , you fucking birdbrained ape from hell ?
0.9174614
at first i thought your reasonning was correct you may be right about what i am saying about van halen maybe i shoudnt insert it at all but dont ever go and make fun of me whats your fuckwn problem asshole why did you put that stuff about me and the 450 pounds whats your fuwckin problem my size has nothing to do with the van halen article i may be a little heavy im a powerlifter and i guarantee you that im a lot stronger and a lot bigger than you and i could kick your ass anytime dont ever make fun of me in that way again you ufckin fagget you need to know a little more about manners you fuckint pig all i did was try to imporve the article but because of your bullshit i cant write in the article now your in real trouble asshole just wait just wait unsigned by yknow i could sit here and hurl some pretty funny stuff back at you because im good like that but youre right i shouldnt have been mean to you i was pissed because you dont sign your comments and because i had to spend so much time instructing you on the same stuff other people have obviously tried to instruct you on before its annoying so maybe youll let bygones be bygones now that youve made me move your stuff and put a sig in for you again ill even remove that snide comment i left if you can tell me what 2 2 equals deal cmon try very hard and im sure youll get it what is 2 plus 2 you fucking birdbrained ape from hell 
0.9028997
fuckin, fuckwn; fuckin, fuwckin; fuckin, ufckin; 

