= = rebazar turz picture = = hi , i am a member of farsi wikipedia , the picture of rebuzar turz is drew by my friend mahmoud zeinali and he decided to share it with others for free , so dont worry there is no copyright for it and we will not charge anybody for watching ir )
0.03941665
rebazar turz picture hi i am a member of farsi wikipedia the picture of rebuzar turz i s drew by my friend mahmoud zeinali and he decided to share it with others for free so dont worry there si no copyright for it and we will not charge anybody for watching ir 
0.038106687
is

at the moment , this is just a copy and paste from the university of sarajevo website . could do with some editing .
0.015549282
at the moment this si just a copy and paste from the university of sarajevo website could do with some editing 
0.010629002
is

march 2006 ( utc ) : co-sign on everything you said ! how many times did this broad ( dude ? ) edit my own talk page in the defense that i was vandalizing it ? you can vandalize your own user page ? that's news to me ! : being a wiki admin - apparently , the rush is better than sex , booze or drugs . 05:21 , 16
0.26074135
march 2006 utc cosign on everything you said how many times did this broad dude edit my own talk page in the defense that i was vandalizing it you can vandalize your own user page thats news to me being a wiki admin apparently the rush is better than sxe booze or drugs 0521 16 
0.1730488
sex

= = attention = = each of you , get ip addresses . or i will make you a sandbox vandalize in . i got the idea from )
0.17567547
attention each of you get ip addresses or i will make you a sandbox vandailze in i got the idea from 
0.077652894
vandalize

= = stop it = = this is the wikipedia . stop inserting your ridiculous pov . ~ californiadreamlings
0.6738522
stop it this is the wikipedia stop inserting your ridicuolus pov californiadreamlings 
0.4374101
ridiculous

reverted texts = = hi i was just wondering why you reverted the additions i made to the sydney church of england grammar school i was not one of those people how continually edited the artice and made vandalism . i just added stuff to the future of the school as i am a current student i can tell that vandalsim was made by school boy's and i will speak to the headmaster about it . = =
0.03933567
reverted texts hi i was just wondering why you reverted the additions i made to the sydney church of england grammar school i was not one of those people how continually edited the artice and made vanadlism i just added stuff to the future of the school as i am a current student i can tell that vandalsim was made by school boys and i will speak to the headmaster about it 
0.014726622
vandalism

the film looks awesome , but my dad said the original was much different . im seeing it this weekend .
0.008727656
the film looks awesome but my add said the original was much different im seeing it this weekend 
0.0050006257
dad

frickin ' vandals . hunt ' em down , admins please . racooon
0.74424076
frcikin vandals hunt em down admins please racooon 
0.58720404
frickin

in sesotho , mother is mme and father is ntate . ntate is probably related to isixhosa utata . in the nguni languages mother is unyoka but most people consider this very rude and use mama instead . father in isizulu is ubaba . the other sesotho_languages use rre for father which is not particularly easy to pronounce ( syllabic voiced rolled lingual ) .
0.1446387
in sesotho mother is mme and father is ntate ntate is probably related to isixhosa utata in the nguni languages mother is unyoka but most people consider this very rdue and use mama instead father in isizulu is ubaba the other sesotholanguages use rre for father which is not particularly easy to pronounce syllabic voiced rolled lingual 
0.06445784
rude

i am reverting as resources.it says 69 . there are already 6 million kurds in turkey but here is a propaganda house .
0.1339259
i am reverting as resourcesit says 69 there are already 6 million kursd in turkey but here is a propaganda house 
0.09304293
kurds

nlu : would you kindly point out the vandalism you accuse me of ?
0.26774305
nlu would you kindly point out the vanadlism you accuse me of 
0.2115664
vandalism

please stop adding nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you . . you vandalized brokeback mountain .
0.2515861
please stop adding onnsense to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you you vandalized brokeback mountain 
0.20838949
nonsense

= = vandal = = dear wp sysop stifle , , an ordained teacher of the hamsa yoga sangh cult has been creating havoc for the past weeks by relentlessly inserting the name of his guru , his guru's book , quotes from his guru's book , and external link to their website on the following articles kriya yoga , mahavatar babaji , nath , and adi nath when the majority of the editors ( actually all of them ) who are experts on the subject agree that his guru is illegitimate , his inserts does not enrich ( add anything substantial ) the already existing articles , and only aims to promore the personal interest of their organization . this wants to turn wp into a propaganda material for a highly questionable ( possibly harmful ) pseudo-hindu cult while pretending to be an impartial concerned wikipedian who only wants to enrich it . the situation is really bad . he has just been banned but as soon as he gets unbanned he begins to relentlessly vandalize the pages with irrelevant and immaterial cult propaganda once again . it is futile to try and protect the integrity of an article when someone like this person , like the energizer bunny , keeps on reverting them and gets away with it without being taught a lesson . to see for yourself that hamsacharya dan is really an ordained teacher of the cult he keeps on inserting to the articles and not just a concerned wikipedian with no alterior motive , please see the following website [ list of authorized teachers ] and scroll down a bit for hamsacharya dan kogan . please help us . will you help us ? thanking you in advance ,
0.11524814
vandal dear wp sysop stifle an ordained teacher of the hamsa yoga sangh cult has been creating havoc for the past weeks by relentlessly inserting the name of his guru his gurus book quotes from his gurus book and external link to their website on the following articles kriya yoga mahavatar babaji nath and adi nath when the majority of the editors actually all of them who are experts on the subject agree that his guru si illegitimate his inserts does not enrich add anything substantial the already existing articles and only aims to promore the personal interest of their organization this wants to turn wp into a propaganda material for a highly questionable possibly harmful pseudohindu cult while pretending to be an impartial concerned wikipedian who only wants to enrich it the situation si really bad he has just been banned but as soon as he gets unbanned he begins to relentlessly vandalize the pages with irrelevant and immaterial cult propaganda once again it si futile to try and protect the integrity of an article when someone like this person like the energizer bunny keeps on reverting them and gets away with it without being taught a lesson to see for yourself that hamsacharya dan si really an ordained teacher of the cult he keeps on inserting to the articles and not just a concerned wikipedian with no alterior motive please see the following website list of authorized teachers and scroll down a bit for hamsacharya dan kogan please help us will you help us thanking you in advance 
0.10815949
is

= = vandal = = dear wp sysop cambridgebayweather , , an ordained teacher of the hamsa yoga sangh cult has been creating havoc for the past weeks by relentlessly inserting the name of his guru , his guru's book , quotes from his guru's book , and external link to their website on the following articles kriya yoga , mahavatar babaji , nath , and adi nath when the majority of the editors ( actually all of them ) who are experts on the subject agree that his guru is illegitimate , his inserts does not enrich ( add anything substantial ) the already existing articles , and only aims to promore the personal interest of their organization . this wants to turn wp into a propaganda material for a highly questionable ( possibly harmful ) pseudo-hindu cult while pretending to be an impartial concerned wikipedian who only wants to enrich it . the situation is really bad . he has just been banned but as soon as he gets unbanned he begins to relentlessly vandalize the pages with irrelevant and immaterial cult propaganda once again . it is futile to try and protect the integrity of an article when someone like this person , like the energizer bunny , keeps on reverting them and gets away with it without being taught a lesson . to see for yourself that hamsacharya dan is really an ordained teacher of the cult he keeps on inserting to the articles and not just a concerned wikipedian with no alterior motive , please see the following website [ list of authorized teachers ] and scroll down a bit for hamsacharya dan kogan . please help us . will you help us ? thanking you in advance ,
0.11484943
vandal dear wp sysop cambridgebayweather an ordained teacher of the hamsa yoga sangh cult has been creating havoc for the past weeks by relentlessly inserting the name of his g u r u his gurus book quotes from his gurus book and external link to their website on the following articles kriya yoga mahavatar babaji nath and adi nath when the majority of the editors actually all of them who are experts on the subject agree that his gruu is illegitimate his inserts does not enrich add anything substantial the already existing articles and only aims to promore the personal interest of their organization this wants to turn wp into a propaganda material for a highly questionable possibly harmful pseudohindu cult while pretending to be an impartial concerned wikipedian who only wants to enrich it the situation is really bad he has just been banned but as soon as he gets unbanned he begins to relentlessly vandalize the pages with irrelevant and immaterial cult propaganda once again it is futile to try and protect the integrity of an article when someone like this person like the energizer bunny keeps on reverting them and gets away with it without being taught a lesson to see for yourself that hamsacharya dan is really an ordained teacher of the cult he keeps on inserting to the articles and not just a concerned wikipedian with no alterior motive please see the following website list of authorized teachers and scroll down a bit for hamsacharya dan kogan please help us will you help us thanking you in advance 
0.111908115
guru

thanks for experimenting with the page chuck thomas on wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks .
0.012338175
thanks for experimenting with the page chuck thomas on wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed plesae use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks 
0.0121402135
please

my work on a local boy football hero of pompy keeps getting deleted i caanot stress enough my anger in this
0.12884562
my work on a local boy football hero of pompy keeps getting deleted i caanot stress enough my nager in this 
0.05862203
anger

