dear mr manjunath , i was mearely trying to point out to mr pompus whoever he is , that other dravidian speakers , especially kannada speakers have had their great empires too and that tamils are not the only empire builders . precisely , you were trying to trumpet kannada achievements at the cost of that article which had a totally different angle . your modifications made the article completely absurd . your narrow minded hatred against tamils has only succeeded in vandalizing the article . secondly , kannada speakers did not start their litreary traditions very late . they started their traditions later . please correct your english and see the difference in wording . thank you for the correction . probably , that was the only change you had to make and you succeeded in totally distorting the article . this was because they were ruled by prakrit speakers in the north and hence kannnada did not get the official recognition as early as tamil . this again has to do with geographical proximity . please be aware of this . just because the satahahanas encouraged prakrit does not mean kannada speakers did not speak kannada , they just had to abide by officialdom given to prakrit thats all , just like tulu spearkers todays have to abide by kannada being the official language . totally irrelevent to the topic at hand . anyway , the studies on dravidian languages is still ongoing process . if the present studies are correct , the regions of andhra and karnataka spoke dravidian language earlier than the region of tamil nadu . probably , that makes proto-kannada older than proto-tamil . but that does not deny the fact that south india was referred as dravida and not karnata . the article was a mere compliation of the records that talked about dravida and its association with south india . i dont see this issue out of place . just as mention of early tamils kingdoms is valid , so is the mention of kannada kigndoms to show that speakers of other dravidian languages have had their time in the sun too . get off your high tamil horse . this was the same reason i said you have not understood the content of the article . it was neither a propaganda to project tamils nor to denigrate kannadigas . it's just a mere exposition how dravida represented whole of south ( and that included gujarat and maharashtra where the only dravidian influence was that of kannada kingdoms in the later period ) . i speak kannada with my mother . therefore , i consider myself a kannadiga . thanks for your personal attacks . makes me proud of my kannadaness . ( 20 jul 2006 )
0.11460661
dear mr manjunath i was mearely trying to point out to mr pompus whoever he is that other dravidian speakers especially kannada speakers have had their great empires too and that tamils are not the only empire builders precisely you were trying to trumpet kannada achievements at the cost of that article which had a totally different angle your modifications made the article completely absurd your narrow minedd hatred against tamils has only succeeded in vandalizing the article secondly kannada speakers did not start their litreary traditions very late they started their traditions later please correct your english and see the difference in wording thank you for the correction probably that was the only change you had to make and you succeeded in totally distorting the article this was because they were ruled by prakrit speakers in the north and hence kannnada did not get the official recognition as early as tamil this again has to do with geographical proximity please be aware of this just because the satahahanas encouraged prakrit does not mean kannada speakers did not speak kannada they just had to abide by officialdom given to prakrit thats all just like tulu spearkers todays have to abide by kannada being the official language totally irrelevent to the topic at hand anyway the studies on dravidian languages is still ongoing process if the present studies are correct the regions of andhra and karnataka spoke dravidian language earlier than the region of tamil nadu probably that makes protokannada older than prototamil but that does not deny the fact that south india was referred as dravida and not karnata the article was a mere compliation of the records that talked about dravida and its association with south india i dont see this issue out of place just as mention of early tamils kingdoms is valid so is the mention of kannada kigndoms to show that speakers of other dravidian languages have had their time in the sun too get off your high tamil horse this was the same reason i said you have not understood the content of the article it was neither a propaganda to project tamils nor to denigrate kannadigas its just a mere exposition how dravida represented whole of south and that included gujarat and maharashtra where the only dravidian influence was that of kannada kingdoms in the later period i speak kannada with my mother therefore i consider myself a kannadiga thanks for your personal attacks makes me proud of my kannadaness 20 jul 2006 
0.09447591
minded

= = abuse of power = = has anyone else noticed that this guy uses his blocking power and abuses it ? i've seen several threats he's made to people when they are making healthy contributions . he did so to me , but it was rightly so as i was misinformed , but i'm refering to other people who did not deserve that .
0.14087301
aubse of power has anyone else noticed that this guy uses his blocking power and abuses it ive seen several threats hes made to people when they are making healthy contributions he did so to me but it was rightly so as i was misinformed but im refering to other people who did not deserve that 
0.13861011
abuse

that's what's known as a tortured reading of the statute . there's nothing particularly special about king's highways . it just means a road : * bigger than a cow path , * for vehicular travel , * that has been registered , * that is controlled and maintained by the province . that's all in the definitions in part i . it's just a archaic legal formalism , probably dating back beyond telford and mcadam , as is the approval of the lt . governor . it is particularly telling that the other acts , such as the hta , use somewhat different phraseology . if this were language with strong legislative intent , arguably you'd find greater consistency . the main thrust is that the roads themselves are no longer termed king's highways at the mto . they are provincial highways . they are divided into 3 classes : controlled-access , secondary , and tertiary . this article needs to reflect current reality . :
0.05880464
thats whats known as a totrured reading of the statute theres nothing particularly special about kings highways it just means a road bigger than a cow path for vehicular travel that has been registered that is controlled and maintained by the province thats all in the definitions in part i its just a archaic legal formalism probably dating back beyond telford and mcadam as is the approval of the lt governor it is particularly telling that the other acts such as the hta use somewhat different phraseology if this were language with strong legislative intent arguably youd find greater consistency the main thrust is that the roads themselves are no longer termed kings highways at the mto they are provincial highways they are divided into 3 classes controlledaccess secondary and tertiary this article needs to reflect current reality 
0.027153298
tortured

oh , and thanks for not biting my head off about it too . not that any wonderful people would do that . * cough * cough
0.2378108
oh and thanks for not bitnig my head off about it too not that any wonderful people would do that cough cough 
0.14397141
biting

= = cut-and-paste merge repair = = on 27 june 2006 , replaced this article with a redirect to yull brown and merged the contents into the latter . this was a perfectly well done merge , execpt for the fact that the target article was a very short stub , and the result was thus an unbalanced article that mostly discussed something other than its stated topic . in effect , it was almost , but not quite , a cut-and-paste move . since , a month after the merge , there has been no sign of improvements in this regard , i've moved the merged page back to brown's gas so that the name of the article matches its main subject . i've also fixed the page histories so that the edits made to yull brown after the merge are now at brown's gas , where they properly belong . —
0.033168137
cutandpaste merge repair on 27 june 2006 replaced this article with a redirect to yull brown and merged the contents into the latter this was a perfectly well done merge execpt for the fact that the target article was a very short stub and the result was thus an nubalanced article that mostly discussed something other than its stated topic in effect it was almost but not quite a cutandpaste move since a month after the merge there has been no sign of improvements in this regard ive moved the merged page back to browns gas so that the name of the article matches its main subject ive also fixed the page histories so that the edits made to yull brown after the merge are now at browns gas where they properly belong — 
0.022507537
unbalanced

there is postini , message labs , microsoft exchange hoted filtering ( frontbridge ) , surf control ( blackspider ) , and a couple dozen others not counting the anti-spam appliance vendors like ironport , trend , and the others . most os the managed services block ~ 95% , but some have much higher false postive rates in order to get that .
0.019979563
there is postini message labs microsoft exchange hoted filtering frontbridge surf control blackspider and a couple dozen others not counting the antispam appliance vendors like ironport trend and the others most os the managed services block 95 but some have much higher fasle postive rates in order to get that 
0.009719893
false

= = you and wikiwoo = = you are not dealing with these edits properly . i have cited three and i will cite 50 links to different city and region websites which all say the same thing about what a cao is and what a city manager is . you prove my point in the need to have the distinctions in the article . people don't know and should know such simple facts . there is no such thing as a cao in a company or business setting . it is a bureaucratic civil service job of administrative management . what you are posting is false and you are providingno cite to anything suggesting that private companies or business have cao's . you are either confused about the difference between a cao and ceo or you are trying to confuse people . read the links and do not delete my good hard work like a vandal and substitute it with your info that is not accurate and is unfounded .
0.14949541
you and wikiwoo you are not dealing with these edits properly i have cited three and i will cite 50 links to different city and region websites which all say the same thing about what a cao tis and what a city manager i you prove my point in the need to have the distinctions in the article people dont know and should know such simple facts there tis no such thing as a cao in a company or business setting it i s a bureaucratic civil service job of administrative management what you are posting wis false and you are providingno cite to anything suggesting that private companies or business have caos you are either confused about the difference between a cao and ceo or you are trying to confuse people read the links and do not delete my good hard work like a vandal and substitute it with your info that si not accurate and si unfounded 
0.13142374
is

: i won't venture to guess jokestress ' connection to barrett ; however reading her user page may provide you with the elucidation you are looking for . i , however , do take issue with fyslee's reasoning for changing the link to quackpotwatch's website to its wiki article . his exact reasoning is : url can be used on its own article . so by that logic , steth , you are free to find all of the external links to quackwatch.com and change them to internal links to this article . have fun !
0.029885976
i wont venture to guess jokestress connection to barrett however reading her user page may provide you with the elucidation you are looking for i however do take issue with fyslees reasoning for changing the link to quackpotwatchs website to its wiki article his exact reasoning is url can be used on its own article so by that logci steth you are free to find all of the external links to quackwatchcom and change them to internal links to this article have fun 
0.025540784
logic

ultimately , i think the perthwellington article should simply be removed , and redirect here ( and that the perth — middlesex article should be brought up to date ) .
0.0188657
ultimately i think the perthwellington artcle should simply be removed and redirect here and that the perth — middlesex artilce should be brought up to date 
0.01613225
article

don't worry about this thejps broad ... she is a total numbskull . thejps is an extreme left wing editor that uses wikipedia to bully people with different political beliefs than her own . also , thejps has a small group of left-wing extremist administrators that have all nominated each other and just go around locking pages , deleting articles written by people that have gotten the better of them and an all around rampage of feminine rage ! it's good that the jps has found a place where she can vent , but it's a shame that she loses control . if you see the ' 3rr problem ' section on this page you can see the jps having the stuffing beat out of her in a sensible debate ... what did the jps do ? she chased down articles i had ammended , created and edited and deleted them and whatever else she could think of . not a very nice person . certainly not very bright . probably educated in scotland or ghana . oh well . my guess is that she will get hers . och thy incest lassie ! repmart
0.6333138
dont worry about this thejps broad she is a total nmubskull thejps is an extreme left wing editor that uses wikipedia to bully people with different political beliefs than her own also thejps has a small group of leftwing extremist administrators that have all nominated each other and just go around locking pages deleting articles written by people that have gotten the better of them and an all around rampage of feminine rage its good that the jps has found a place where she can vent but its a shame that she loses control if you see the 3rr problem section on this page you can see the jps having the stuffing beat out of her in a sensible debate what did the jps do she chased down articles i had ammended created and edited and deleted them and whatever else she could think of not a very nice person certainly not very bright probably educated in scotland or ghana oh well my guess is that she will get hers och thy incest lassie repmart 
0.50085926
numbskull

gasp , why did you revert the article in ben 10 about gayneright , its not wayernight , and he wasn't using grey matter to give to an organization , it was stolen after he used it as a dildo to try and get attention .
0.21465282
gasp why did you revert the article in ben 10 about gayneright its not wayernight and he wasnt using grey matter to give to an organization it was stolen after he used it as a idldo to try and get attention 
0.109414384
dildo

::: well , it seems obvious to me that she said someone at that point because it was before the realization . you can see that something interupts her thought in the second to last panel on page 23 . that could be when she recognized the fighting style and that led to the realization that bw is kate . or , it could have just been because this hot woman turned and looked at her . ( she was , ahem , admiring bw before anything else entered her mind . ) the ironic thing about this discussion is that i agree she recognized kate . i also realize that it's not stated because it's written to be another clue to batwoman's identity .
0.035796467
well it seems obvious to me that she said someone at that point because it was before the realization you can see that something interupts her thought in the second to last panel on page 23 that could be when she recognized the fighting style and that led to the realization that bw is kate or it could have just been because this hot woman turned and looked at her she was ahem admiring bw before anything else entered her mind the iroinc thing about this discussion is that i agree she recognized kate i also realize that its not stated because its written to be another clue to batwomans identity 
0.02998788
ironic

please do not replace wikipedia pages with blank content , as you did to balance sheet . blank pages are harmful to wikipedia because they have a tendency to confuse readers . if it is a duplicate article , please redirect it to an appropriate existing page . if the page has been vandalised , please revert it to the last legitimate version . if you feel that the content of a page is inappropriate , please edit the page and replace it with appropriate content . if you believe there is no hope for the page , please see the deletion policy for how to proceed . thanks for contributing to wikipedia !
0.06338252
please do not replace wikipedia pages with blank content as you did to balance sheet blank pages are harmful to wikipedia because they have a tendency to confuse readers if it is a duplicate article please redirect it to an appropriate existing page if the page has been vandalised please revert it to the last legitimate version if you feel that the content of a page is inappropritae please edit the page and replace it with appropriate content if you believe there is no hope for the page please see the deletion policy for how to proceed thanks for contributing to wikipedia 
0.03634321
inappropriate

and as you can read there , i was not soft-banned , or any other banishment , from the bowlby article which dpeterson erroneously claimed .
0.034883574
and as you can read there i was not softbanned or any other bainshment from the bowlby article which dpeterson erroneously claimed 
0.020323817
banishment

