= = talk : michael ignatieff = = you seemed to misunderstand why i restored the comment by terryeo . it wasn't that i thought that terryeo's comment was particularly apt , nor whether it was disruptive to the flow of ideas . simply put , it is not acceptable to edit another user's comments on a talk page if they are neither libelous nor obscene . i've put a note at the bottom of the talk page refering to the relevant section of the talk page guidelines . i trust that you will find this helpful .
0.05715885
talk michael ignatieff you seemed to misunderstand why i restored the comment by terryeo it wasnt that i thought that terryeos comment was particularly apt nor whether it was disruptive to the flow of ideas simply put it is not acceptable to edit another users comments on a talk page if they are neither libelous nor obscnee ive put a note at the bottom of the talk page refering to the relevant section of the talk page guidelines i trust that you will find this helpful 
0.04769973
obscene

: yes i was . you blocked my username and ip indefinately , with neither explanation , nor regard for wikipeadia policies . your lack of good faith is astounding . your personal attacks on myself are without base , and somewhat immature , to be perfectly honest . whatever floats your boat dude , i'll stick to getting laid , and having friends . you have a nice little life in your mothers basement dude .
0.46206748
yes i was you blocked my username and ip indefinately with neither explanation nor regard for wikipeadia policies your lack of good faith is astounding your personal attacks on myself are without base and somewhat immautre to be perfectly honest whatever floats your boat dude ill stick to getting laid and having friends you have a nice little life in your mothers basement dude 
0.4426309
immature

: that wasn't a personal attack ... please do not post irrelevant warning messages regarding comments that were made five months ago . thank you . —
0.047955796
that wasnt a personal atatck please do not post irrelevant warning messages regarding comments that were made five months ago thank you — 
0.025144286
attack

= = a smile for you ... = = has smiled at you ! smiles promote wikilove and hopefully this one has made your day better . spread the wikilove by smiling to someone else , whether it be someone you have had disagreements with in the past or a good friend . smile to others by adding , or to their talk page with a friendly message . happy editing !
0.01327428
a smile for you has smiled at you smiles promote wikilove and hopefully this one has made your day better spread the wikilove by smiling to someone else whether it be someone you ahve had disagreements with in the past or a good friend smile to others by adding or to their talk page with a friendly message happy editing 
0.007561395
have

i have rarely seen such flagrant abuse of an administrator's power as this series of actions by . * first he removed an edit by from talk : michael ignatieff ( see this diff ) . * when i restored it with the edit summary restore [ user:terryeo|terryeo's ]] comments : pls . do not delete comments on talk page , he again reverted me here , calling it inadvertent vandalism . * i reminded him of the guideline on not removing text from talk pages , which he also deleted here . he then accused me of personal attacks because i referred to his actions as peremptory and left an edit summary referring to talk page facism . when i disagreed with him , he blocked me . i know that he is a relatively new admin , so could someone please explain to him that he should not block someone he is in a personal dispute with .
0.14526242
i have rarely seen such falgrant abuse of an administrators power as this series of actions by first he removed an edit by from talk michael ignatieff see this diff when i restored it with the edit summary restore userterryeoterryeos comments pls do not delete comments on talk page he again reverted me here calling it inadvertent vandalism i reminded him of the guideline on not removing text from talk pages which he also deleted here he then accused me of personal attacks because i referred to his actions as peremptory and left an edit summary referring to talk page facism when i disagreed with him he blocked me i know that he is a relatively new admin so could someone please explain to him that he should not block someone he is in a personal dispute with 
0.09146419
flagrant

= = copyright violation notice = = an image you uploaded , image : snakesonaplane1js . jpg , is not legally abiding by fair use as it does not identify the copyright holder . providing a link to a web forum is not sufficient .
0.009380968
copyright violatoin notice an image you uploaded image snakesonaplane1js jpg is not legally abiding by fair use as it does not identify the copyright holder providing a link to a web forum is not sufficient 
0.0056932364
violation

= = you smell like doo doo ! = = you stink !
0.93608713
you smell like doo doo you sitnk 
0.9080925
stink

this is the current wikiproject : ice hockey article improvement drive collaboration !
0.0066441647
this si the current wikiproject ice hockey article improvement drive collaboration 
0.005964774
is

= = identical ? = = the main ya article states that billy and tommy are identical twins . even though i understand they they look remarkebly similar i doubt they are actually identical . identical means the same dna , same dna should mean identical mutant powers . unless i have a misunderstanding of how the x-gene works , that would mean that they would have to be fraternal twins . it would make sense , becuase wanda and pietro are fraternal twins . there are instances where fraternal twins favor each other simply because they are siblings , which could be the case for wiccan and speed .
0.03736136
identical the main ya article states that billy and tommy a r e identical twins even though i understand they they look remarkebly similar i doubt they apre actually identical identical means the same dna same dna should mean identical mutant powers unless i have a misunderstanding of how the xgene works that would mean that they would have to be fraternal twins it would make sense becuase wanda and pietro mre fraternal twins there a r e instances where fraternal twins favor each other simply because they aer siblings which could be the case for wiccan and speed 
0.03167502
are

= = navytimes.com final flight video = = * didn't know how best to include at least the dates of the final traps into the article , but thought i would pass it along to the group for input . also added it to the external links . — | = = got rid of ! @#$% verification tags = = to satisfy a certain editor who insisted on scattering useless tags all over the article challenging obvious facts i already showed him before , i've supplied references . sheesh , and i don't get any thanks for the work i do .
0.09984706
navytimescom final flight video didnt know how best to include at least the dates of the final traps into the article but thought i would pass it along to the group for input also added it to the external links — got rid of verification tags to satisfy a certain editor who insisted on scattering uesless tags all over the article challenging obvious facts i already showed him before ive supplied references sheesh and i dont get any thanks for the work i do 
0.024290944
useless

