= = icarus or apollo ? = = on this page it says that the winged led zepplin logo brock got a tattoo of is really apollo but that it gets mistaken for icarus , but on led zepplins wiki page it says that it's icarus and sometimes gets mistaken for apollo . someone want to clear this up ?
0.04253101
icarus or apollo on this page it says that the wigned led zepplin logo brock got a tattoo of is really apollo but that it gets mistaken for icarus but on led zepplins wiki page it says that its icarus and sometimes gets mistaken for apollo someone want to clear this up 
0.04188399
winged

= = = = abuse = = = = and you saxifrage would do well to explain why my msg is incivil and the one it is a comment to is not . i have removed your comment as i beleive yours is far more incivil than mine .
0.39288768
aubse and you saxifrage would do well to explain why my msg is incivil and the one it is a comment to is not i have removed your comment as i beleive yours is far more incivil than mine 
0.23954573
abuse

= = 3rr = = please refrain from undoing other people's edits repeatedly . if you continue , you may be blocked from editing wikipedia under the three-revert rule , which states that nobody may revert an article to a previous version more than three times in 24 hours . ( note : this also means editing the page to reinsert an old edit . if the effect of your actions is to revert back , it qualifies as a revert . ) you have done this on multiple pages . it is considered vandalism . please use the talk page . thank you .
0.06254273
3rr please refrain from undoing other peoples edits repeatedly if you continue you may be blocked from editing wikipedia under the threerevert rule which states that nobody may revert an article to a previous version more than three times in 24 hours note this also means editing the page to reinsert an old edit if the effect of your actions is to revert back it qualifies as a revert you have done this on multiple pages it is considered vadnalism please use the talk page thank you 
0.04440937
vandalism

no thatcher , it isnt possible that my web browser showed an incorrect version of the page , from its internal cache . why are you here again making up this twaddle and being pompus . first you make it up re the old page , then want me to apologise over something you just made up . i think it might be good if you stop making these fanciful stories up and stop trying to stir . you cannot see my computer settings or know that even with them set to empty , i also manually empty the cache and everything else each time i close explorer which is very very often , so that little fairy story you just spun , goes nowhere . internal cache reload my nellie . is there a disneyland article here ? how about you apologise to all who come here for that futher failed attempt at trying to cause nonsense . if you are an admin , then time to retire perhaps , or to go be retrained . how about you take your block tools , go find a quite contemplative spot , lock yourself into it and spare contributers here the nonsense as its banal , boring and totally and utterly immature . i do not need you handing out this wrong advice you seem duty bound to hand out spinning totally incorrect possibles ( to an olde rperson - is that ageism ? ) and then threatning punishment if i dont bend to your possible delusions . your behaviour here isnt helping a thing , and here is about putting information on this article not how great you or any other tool holder is , believe it or not . these antics make it sound more domish each time the bossy stuff is tried . there is maybe a leather room down the hall so try there perhaps as its not appropriate stuff for here . go learn some manners instead of trying to spin me ridiculous porkies about cache etc when you have no idea what my cache does or doesnt . if you use your stupid tools hope u get yr jollies off them . all you will get this end is total disdain for trying that cache story on . go be a pest elsewhere instead of trying to stir here up again when its now not too disruptive . there are some bizarre ratbags on wik . its incredible but probably par for the course also . for someone who has been online for many many years , its not new though the pompous phrasing is .
0.4297287
no thatcher it isnt possible that my web browser showed an incorrect version of the page from its internal cache why are you here again making up this twaddle and being pompus first you make it up re the old page then want me to apologise over something you just made up i think it might be good if you stop making these fanciful stories up and stop trying to stir you cannot see my computer settings or know that even with them set to empty i also manually empty the cache and everything else each time i close explorer which is very very often so that little fairy story you just spun goes nowhere internal cache reload my nellie is there a disneyland article here how about you apologise to all who come here for that futher failed attempt at trying to cause nonsense if you are an admin then time to retire perhaps or to go be retrained how about you take your block tools go find a quite contemplative spot lock yourself into it and spare contributers here the nonsense as its banal boring and totally and utterly immature i do not need you handing out this wrong advice you seem duty bound to hand out spinning totally incorrect possibles to an olde rperson is that ageism and then threatning punishment if i dont bend to your possible delusions your behaviour here isnt helping a thing and here is about putting information on this article not how great you or any other tool holder is believe it or not these antics make it sound more domish each time the bossy stuff is tried there is maybe a leather room down the hall so try there perhaps as its not appropriate stuff for here go learn some manners instead of trying to spin me ridiculous porkies about cache etc when you have no idea what my cache does or doesnt if you use your sutpid tools hope u get yr jollies off them all you will get this end is total disdain for trying that cache story on go be a pest elsewhere instead of trying to stir here up again when its now not too disruptive there are some bizarre ratbags on wik its incredible but probably par for the course also for someone who has been online for many many years its not new though the pompous phrasing is 
0.3981859
stupid

= = = = regarding edits made during october 11 2006 ( utc ) to cow dung = = = = please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia . if this is an ip address , and it is shared by multiple users , ignore this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits .
0.27849886
regarding edits made during october 11 2006 utc to cow udng please stop if you continue to vandalize pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia if this is an ip address and it is shared by multiple users ignore this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits 
0.14319839
dung

= = advertisement = = it appears that someone has either been copying out of a victory brochure or public relations people from victory have been editing this site . that constitutes a violation of no original research , an official wikipedia policy . this page needs cleanup .
0.04198078
advertisement it appears that someone hsa either been copying out of a victory brochure or public relations people from victory have been editing this site that constitutes a violation of no original research an official wikipedia policy this page needs cleanup 
0.033795804
has

= = andrew bruce nellis = = you have recently re-created the article andrew bruce nellis , which was deleted in accordance with wikipedia's deletion policies . please do not re-create the article . if you disagree with the article's deletion , you may ask for a deletion review . merope talk the deletion process is broken .
0.052041106
andrew bruce nellis you have recently recreated the article andrew bruce nellis which was deleted in accordance with wikipedias deletion poilcies please do not recreate the article if you disagree with the articles deletion you may ask for a deletion review merope talk the deletion process is broken 
0.04119226
policies

: http://www.atimes.com/atimes/south_asia/ee02df02.html : http://www.hindunet.org/saraswati/khambat/khambat01.htm : http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/1768109.stm : i'm pretty much a deletionist , but this seems pretty notable to me . article needs cleanup though . ~ kylu (|
0.06188264
httpwwwatimescomatimessouthasiaee02df02html httpwwwhindunetorgsaraswatikhambatkhambat01htm httpnewsbbccouk2hisouthasia1768109stm im pretty much a deletionsit but this seems pretty notable to me article needs cleanup though kylu 
0.05535104
deletionist

::: i agree with what you have said so far except this one . i have been with people of many religions and found their intellectuals are always secular in research e.g. jehovah's witness are very very fundamentalist christians . however their research about islam is very secular as printed in their paper . their conclusion is not secular ofcourse . then you can read christian science monitor which is also a very fundamentalist organization's paper . you can not point a finger on their secular research . again , their pov appears seperately . i am a staunch fundamentalist muslim ( fundamentalist meaning sticking to fundamentals as foundation and building over it , not sticking to fundamentals and destroy all construction over it ) . however i am certified in studies of old testament and the new testaments and have done a lot of faith sharing to form my own knowledge about jews and christians , not what the mullah told me when i was a kid .
0.123633236
i agree with what you have said so far except this one i have been with people of many religions and found their intellectuals are always secular in research eg jehovahs witness are very very fundamentalist christians however their research about islam is very secular as printed in their paper their conclusion is not secular ofcourse then you can read christian science monitor which is also a very fundamentalist organizations paper you can not point a finger on their secular research again their pov appears seperately i am a staunch fundamentalist muslim fundamentalist meaning sticking to fundamentals as foundation and building over it not sticking to fundamentals and detsroy all construction over it however i am certified in studies of old testament and the new testaments and have done a lot of faith sharing to form my own knowledge about jews and christians not what the mullah told me when i was a kid 
0.08409574
destroy

: i strongly disagree with keeping the 1990s data . it certainly does not illustrate dynamic assimilation ( it is about the same as the populational decrease overall ) , and it is highly problematic and , i'm afraid , insulting for a text to indicate that romania is still enforcing assimilation .
0.022423513
i strongly disagree with keeping the 1990s data it certainly does not illustrate dynamic assimilation it is about the same as the populational decrease overall and it is highly problematic and im afraid inuslting for a text to indicate that romania is still enforcing assimilation 
0.014214921
insulting

** no compromise is acceptable . to quote george washington : to bigotry no sanction . ce is the only acceptable reference for dates in academic writing ; and in north america , it is also used in newspapers and magazines . there is no dabate here , christology doesn't belong in a jewish history article ; therefore , there is nothing to compromise about . and , your comments here are profoundly disturbing .
0.1570135
no compromise is acceptable to quote george washington to bgiotry no sanction ce is the only acceptable reference for dates in academic writing and in north america it is also used in newspapers and magazines there is no dabate here christology doesnt belong in a jewish history article therefore there is nothing to compromise about and your comments here are profoundly disturbing 
0.08341847
bigotry

= = question = = my boyfriend told me that kiwis are an aphrodisiac for the homosexuals . being a very pro homo i believe i would like to know this . phil likes to rub the fleshy skin of the kiwi all over my chest before licking off the stray skin . this does turn me on but i think its because of phils outrrageous erection instead of the kiwi . so can you answer me . is it the kiwi or the boner ? also what would happen if i taped the skin as a foreskin on my penis .
0.6681835
question my boyfriend told me that kiwis are an aphrodisiac for the homosexuals being a very pro homo i believe i would like to know this phil likes to rub the fleshy skin of the kiwi all over my chest before licking off the stray skin this does turn me on but i think its because of phils outrrageous erection instead of the kiwi so can you answer me is it the kiwi or the boner also what would happen if i taped the skin as a foreskin on my pneis 
0.49967858
penis

= = = eliminating geometrical and physical optics = = = you wrote above : when describing redshift mechanisms we need to eliminate geometrical and physical optics . i note that you've included the wolf effect which is consistent with your statement . : * the article on the wolf effect includes reliable sources stating that the wolf effect is a redshift mechanism . : * can you provide a source that indciates that the wolf effect should be excluded as you stated ( i understand that many books might not include it for whatever reason , but this is not the same as excluding it ) : * or how about a source excluding physical optics from redshift mechanism ?
0.021252261
eliminating geometrical and physical optics you wrote above when describing redshift mechanisms we need to eliminate geometrical and physical optics i note that youve included the wolf effect which is consistent with your statement the article on the wolf effect includes reliable sources stating that the wolf effect is a redshift mechanism can you provide a source that indciates that the wolf effect should eb excluded as you stated i understand that many books might not include it for whatever reason but this is not the same as excluding it or how about a source excluding physical optics from redshift mechanism 
0.013936236
be

:: * i can't believe i am reading this arniep do you have an idea which direction you are coming from . you say the revenue from which goes to ensure the conservation of that work and many others how many sites do you imagine displaying the mona lisa are contributing to the louvre , its upkeep and restoration of its collection . these works are public domain by virtue of their age . there is no copyright . which is why so many sites are reproducing them in the first place
0.04182099
i cant believe i am reading this arniep do you have an idea which direction you are coming from you say the revenue from which goes to ensure the conservation of that work and many others how many sites do you imagine displaying the mona lisa are contributing to the louvre its upkeep and restoration of its collection these works are public domain by virtue of their age there is no copyright which is why so many sites are rerpoducing them in the first place 
0.034989104
reproducing

, 12 october 2006 ( utc ) :: if they were told by brasilia atc , for example , expect fl380 at teres , and they reached teres while in a lost comm mode , one could argue they should have climbed , but i can also see arguments why not . i guess we need to find out what they actually thought and did . 23:40
0.03439557
12 october 2006 utc if they were told by brasilia atc for example expect fl380 at trees and they reached trees while in a lost comm mode one could argue they should have climbed but i can also see arguments why not i guess we need to find out what they actually thought and did 2340 
0.029355753
teres

= = image : img 0190 . jpg listed for deletion = = an image or media file that you uploaded or altered , image : img 0190 . jpg , has been listed at wikipedia : images and media for deletion . please look there to see why this is ( you may have to search for the title of the image to find its entry ) , if you are interested in it not being deleted . thank you . ( email )
0.0038806868
image img 0190 jpg listed for deletion an image or media file that you uploaded or altered image img 0190 jpg ahs been listed at wikipedia images and media for deletion please look there to see why this is you may have to search for the title of the image to find its entry if you are interested in it not being deleted thank you email 
0.0035880953
has

= = vandalism by user doc : josephus = = it appears that user doc removed my/your tag to the article . in light of this removal of any edit that doesn't conform to this user's christian pov ; and this user's militant failure to accept any reasonable improvement to the article , while making reference to outrageously lame arguments to effect this aforementioned christianization of the article ; and , his previous misconduct at the jesus myth article , ( that demontrates his motives ); i would like you to do something in your administrative capacity about this user .
0.14574836
vandalism by user doc josephus it appears that user doc removed myyour tag to the article in light of this removal of any edit that doesnt conform to this users christian pov and this users militant failure to accept any reasonable improvement to the article while making reference to outrageously lame arguments to effect this aforementioned christianization of the article and his previous miscnoduct at the jesus myth article that demontrates his motives i would like you to do something in your administrative capacity about this user 
0.13273126
misconduct

