may 2006 ( utc ) :: hello visvia , long time no see . for the record , i do love korea very much and i am engaged to a lovely korean girl . i am not in korea right now and have not been since november 2005 . i shall return to the land of the morning calm in september 2006 , though . 03:10 , 13
0.012797324
may 2006 utc hello visvia long time no see for the record i do love korea very much and i am engaged to a lovely korean gril i am not in korea right now and have not been since november 2005 i shall return to the land of the morning calm in september 2006 though 0310 13 
0.008906753
girl

i created this article for the very reasons discussed below . i was unable to find anything online regarding the subject , but believe my source to be ‘ veracious ’ ( david barash is professor of psychology at the university of washington and the author of two dozen books ) . i would have liked to incorporate this info into the ‘ orgasm ’ article under 4.2 – evolutionary advantages , but decided to try it out as a stub first .
0.022540031
i created this article for the very reasons discussed below i was unable to find anything online regarding the subject but believe my source to be ‘ veracious ’ david barash is professor of psychology at the university of washington and the author of two dozen books i would have liked to incorporate this info into the ‘ rogasm ’ article under 42 – evolutionary advantages but decided to try it out as a stub first 
0.0057288017
orgasm

: helpme is not to be used in cases like this . i suggest you be patient , email the blocking admin and explain the situation . you might need a thorough explanation . also , you have removed the image from your signature right ?
0.04931691
helpme is not to be used in cases like this i suggest you be patient email the bolcking admin and explain the situation you might need a thorough explanation also you have removed the image from your signature right 
0.030150918
blocking

= = i think this sick man should be put to death = = ... but that's just my opinion .
0.65269244
i think this sikc man should be put to death but thats just my opinion 
0.41293266
sick

= = autoblock = = your complaint came on the same day two others e-mailed me , and i have a suspicion it was because of the same vandal . i've done the best i can do to make sure the ip is unblocked . sorry for the inconvenience .
0.056834526
autoblock your complaint came on the same day two others emailed me and i have a suspicion it was because of the same vandla ive done the best i can do to make sure the ip is unblocked sorry for the inconvenience 
0.028395664
vandal

= = block vandalism = = what the hell are you doing ? this is block vandalism ! once more and i will put you here because of abuse ...
0.7014899
block vandalism what the hlel are you doing this is block vandalism once more and i will put you here because of abuse 
0.5547789
hell

::: naive belief ? present your sources for such statements that his introduction of his book indicates that he was a muslim . that is original research . the evidence that he was a zoroastrian priest is strong , while the evidence that he was muslim is conjecture .
0.10652696
naive belief present your sources for such statements that his introduction of his book indicates that he was a muslim that is original research the evidence that he was a zoroastrian priest is strong while the evidence that he was muslim is ocnjecture 
0.06585339
conjecture

:: there is no connection between religion and mathematics that i can see , by the way what exactly is islamic thought and what does it have to do with mathematics . this seems to be obvious to you , so , how about explaining this to other wikipedia editors who may not be see the connection . .
0.06569141
there qs no connection between religion and mathematics that i can see by the way what exactly si islamic thought and what does it have to do with mathematics this seems to be obvious to you so how about explaining this to other wikipedia editors who may not be see the connection 
0.047991265
is

your behaviour is inappropriate and your reaction is ludicrous . do they give out admin rights in cornflake packets now ?
0.41769937
your behaviour is inappropriate and your reaction is lduicrous do they give out admin rights in cornflake packets now 
0.3408117
ludicrous

::: could you write when i will be unblocked
0.019179326
could you write when i will eb unblocked 
0.019148879
be

direct line joins the west coastway line the image is too low res to be able to see any trace of a station . i still want to see some reference . that is some document , preferably on the web , that indicates that this station ever existed . * the station has been closed for over 60 years there is no trace of the station left except a ballast house . ( originally posted to . ) what is a ballast house ? how many times do i have to tell you ? solid evidence please . * a ballast house is where they keep the stones placed under tracks . they are now used for track marshalls when they are working on the track - hence they now have windows . there are plenty of them around and like i said there is one where denvilles station was . * on the picture you can see a clearing where the station building and platform foundations still exist . some of them blue bricks are still around . the blue bricks were common on the also disused section of the metropolitan line near amersham so it could have been designed by the same architech what picture ? i am getting a bit fed up of being told what you can see on the ground . just find me three articles on the web that mention this station . ( you name me any other closed english railway station and i will give you half a dozen links to it . ) this station does not exist according to a railatlas ( opc 10th edition ) and quail ( latest southern region edition ) . quail lists all old stations . i ride the line frequently and there is nothing of interest in the marked area . = = = possible signal boxes = = = are there any level crossings in denvilles needing a signal box to interlock it . all things considered , under the block telegraph system of safeworking , such a box would allow a train to advance closer to the junction at havant from the previous station at rowlands castle railway station , which is quite a long way away . = = = additional information = = = denvilles railway station existed between 1858 and 1859 only , though there are remains there to this day . that might explain the paucity of sources on the internet , though i've found one and added it .. = = = halt = = = i have moved the page to denvilles halt as it is not a permanant terminus and had only 1 platform . it shouldn't get deleted as it is a important peice of knoledge .
0.039222445
direct line joins the west coastway line the image is too low res to be able to see any trace of a station i still want to see some reference that is some document preferably on the web that indicates that this station ever existed the station has been closed for over 60 years there is no trace of the station left except a ballast house originally posted to what is a ballast house how many times do i have to tell you solid evidence please a ballast house is where they keep the stones placed under tracks they are now used for track marshalls when they are working on the track hence they now have windows there are plenty of them around and like i said there is one where denvilles station was on the picture you can see a clearing where the station building and platform foundations still exist some of them blue bricks are still around the blue bricks were common on the also disused section of the metropolitan line near amersham so it could have been designed by the same architech what picture i am getting a bit fed up of being told what you can see on the ground just find me three articles on the web that mention this station you name me any other closed english railway station and i will give you half a dozen links to it this station does not exist according to a railatlas opc 10th edition and quail latest southern region edition quail lists all old stations i ride the line frequently and there is nothing of interest in the marked area possible signal boxes are there any level crossings in denvilles needing a signal box to interlock it all things considered under the block telegraph system of safeworking such a box would allow a train to advance closer to the junction at havant from the previous station at rowlands castle railway station which is quite a long way away additional information denvilles railway station existed between 1858 and 1859 only though there are remains there to this day that might explain the paucity of sources on the internet though ive found one and added it halt i have moved the page to denvilles halt as it is not a permanant terminus and had only 1 platform it shouldnt get deleted as it is a important piece of knoledge 
0.025475485
peice

= = naughty boy = = actually i had a gentle dig at you for your conduct and i surmised it would provoke an unwarranted response based on the fact your adminship appears to be the only position of status you hold in life , so i sent it when i was done for the day . i'm sure someone who has a bigger issue with your behaviour will add it to the evidence for why your adminship should be revoked - hell , it might even be me . have a nice day . /
0.20791523
naughty boy actually i had a gentle dig at you for your conduct and i surmised it would provoke an unwarranted response based on the fact your adminship appears to be the only position of status you hold in life so i sent it when i was done for the day im sure someone who has a bigger issue with your behaviour will add it to the evidence for why your adminship should be revoked hlel it might even be me have a nice day 
0.13491943
hell

