you are insane . what is wrong with writing an article about the year 3535 ?
0.3242269
you are nisane what is wrong with writing an article about the year 3535 
0.11845883
insane

::: yes i was the anonymous user . we've got a new version now ; i'm not sure if its better or worse . the trouble is it now mentions his us citizenship twice in the opening paragraph , which is overdoing it a bit . i would suggest changing it to british-born and explaining the citizenship issue later , as its not really that important .
0.034975383
yes i was the anonymous user weve got a new version now im not sure if its better or wores the trouble is it now mentions his us citizenship twice in the opening paragraph which is overdoing it a bit i would suggest changing it to britishborn and explaining the citizenship issue later as its not really that important 
0.022106795
worse

note to all editors : like others , i see a number of problems in this article , which seem to be largely the work of one individual . i notice , too , that about 90% of this talk page is taken up discussing or arguing with this same person . i find the following things to be problematic : :( 1 ) making up new meanings for norse words that contradict their actual meanings in all academically respected old norse dictionaries ; :( 2 ) altering dates of cited references , making them appear to be outdated , when in fact they are the preeminent academic reference works used by old norse scholars ; :( 3 ) citing instead reference works that really are out of date , even as noted in wikipedia ( pokorny ); :( 4 ) linking to other internal or external articles that either do not support a statement or to articles that contradict it ; :( 5 ) editing that shows a complete lack of knowledge of old norse ; :( 6 ) editing that shows fundamental misunderstanding of linguistics ; :( 7 ) a persistent pattern of wholesale reverting other's edits ; :( 8 ) an admission of wholesale revert of the main article , or blatant vandalism . -
0.04678626
note to all editors like others i see a number of problems in this article which seem to be largely the work of one individual i notice too that about 90 of this talk page is taken up discussing or arguing with this same person i find the following things to be problematic 1 making up new meanings for norse words that contradict their actual meanings in all academically respected old norse dictionaries 2 altering dates of cited references making them appear to be outdated when in fact they are the preeminent academic reference works used by old norse scholars 3 citing instead reference works that really are out of date even as noted in wikipedia pokorny 4 linking to other internal or external articles that either do not support a statement or to articles that contradict it 5 editing that shows a complete lack of knowledge of old norse 6 editing that shows fundamental misunderstanding of linguistics 7 a persistent pattern of wholesale reverting others edits 8 an admission of wholesale revert of the main article or blatant vanadlism 
0.041450877
vandalism

= = . es = = remove my block in . es now !
0.24871223
s remove my block in se now 
0.12902477
es

= = removed self-reference on function = = just wanted to drop you a quick courtesy note to let you know i reverted your addition of the disambiguation link to the function article . for my rationale , see talk : function #reverting self-reference . if you disagree , we can discuss it there . thanks ! —
0.03284054
removed selfreference on function just wanted to drop you a quick courtesy note to let you know i reverted your addition of the disambiguation link to the function article for my rationale see talk function reverting selfreference if you disgaree we can discuss it there thanks — 
0.03169092
disagree

= = gamesbids = = um , how do you get the idea tha5t you are only one who can speak for that whole community ? step off kiwi bitch .
0.88377124
gamesbids um how do you get the idea tha5t you are only one who can speak for that whole community step off kiwi btich 
0.29073858
bitch

welcome ! hello , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are a few good links for newcomers : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style * news about the site i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you have any questions , check out wikipedia : where to ask a question or ask me on my talk page . again , welcome ! = = sources for chris metzen = = hello , good work on chris metzen , and thanks for the contribution . however , you did not provide any references or sources in the article . keeping wikipedia accurate and verifiable is very important , and as you might be aware there is currently a push to encourage editors to cite the sources they used when adding content . from what websites , books , or other places did you learn the information that you added to chris metzen ? would it be possible for you to mention them in the article ? you can simply add links , or see wp : citet if you wish to review some of the different citation methods . thanks !
0.007855714
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here are a few good links for newcomers the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style news about the site i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you have any questions check out wikipedia where to ask a question or ask me on my talk page again welcome sources for chris metzen hello good work on chris metzen and thanks for the contribution however you did not provide any references or sources in the article keeping wikipedia accurate and verifiable is very important and as you might eb aware there is currently a push to encourage editors to cite the sources they used when adding content from what websites books or other places did you learn the information that you added to chris metzen would it eb possible for you to mention them in the article you can simply add links or see wp citet if you wish to review some of the different citation methods thanks 
0.005013749
be

= = category : criminal law = = hi , you forgot to add a talk message on category : criminal law explaining why you added {{ cleancat }} . if i don't hear back from you in 48 hours , i'll remove the tag .
0.08853344
category criimnal law hi you forgot to add a talk message on category crimnial law explaining why you added cleancat if i dont hear back from you in 48 hours ill remove the tag 
0.0641699
criminal

deletion of material from wikipedia articles without discussion is frowned upon . there is no reason to delete that material . • @
0.053199615
deletion of material from wikipedia articles without discussion id frowned upon there si no reason to delete that material • 
0.02669111
is

this poor snich , jareha , such backbone ! a real heroes hero ! smack him one time for me kate before i lose my civility !!! peace ! subwayjack
0.49392298
this poor snich jareha such backbone a real heroes hero msack him one time for me kate before i lose my civility peace subwayjack 
0.27465916
smack

http://www.nida.nih.gov/pdf/monographs/73.pdf#search='testing%20for%20drugs ' pg 95 . dr. chenar , the autopsist , had failed to originally do a drug screening . his initial diagnosis of the tumor was that it was an astrocytoma . he then started preparing the body for the autopsy . no blood or urine specimines were kept . but then this will be considered personal research . i never said we .... ! subwayjack
0.17377052
httpwwwnidanihgovpdfmonographs73pdfsearchtesting20for20drugs pg 95 dr chenar the autopsist had failed to originally do a drug screening his initial diagnosis of the tumor was that it was an astrocytoma he then started preparing the body for the autopsy no blood or urien specimines were kept but then this will be considered personal research i never said we subwayjack 
0.062549554
urine

= = something these admins have clearly not read = = it's clear from the reckless disregard shown towards chooserr that the admins of wikipedia are failing to read the materials provided for their education . in this case the wikipedia : controversial_blocks page . the copy below has emphasis provided where the admins in this situation are failing : wikipedia : controversial blocks from wikipedia , the free encyclopedia . while blocking ip addresses responsible for anonymous , clear-cut vandalism is routine , many other uses of ip and username blocks are contentious . where consensus proves elusive , such blocks are damaging to the community . the most controversial blocks are blocks of : * suspected sock puppets or reincarnations of banned users * logged-in users with a substantial history of valid contributions , ' regardless of the reasoning for the block * blocks made under the disruption provision of the blocking policy . * blocks that , while possibly wise , lack policy basis . once you are convinced that a block is warranted , the recommended procedure for | controversial blocks is : # check the facts with care . # reread ' appropriate parts of wikipedia : blocking policy . # if possible , contact other administrators informally to be sure there are others who agree with your reasoning . the administrators ' noticeboard , irc and email are effective tools for this . # place the block , exercising due care in the wording of the reason message , and include a link to the user page of the user being blocked . # place a notice of the block on the talk page of the affected user , with additional rationale , outlining the facts and the part of the blocking policy you feel applies . # be willing to discuss the block with other wikipedians . such discussion usually takes place either on the blocked user's talk page , or the administrators ' noticeboard ( the latter especially in those cases where it was already raised there ) . block wars , in which a user is repeatedly blocked and unblocked , are extremely harmful . they are a source of frustration and disappointment to many seasoned wikipedians and tend to encourage further bad behavior on the part of the blocked user . avoid them . instead , discuss the matter , and try to reach a consensus . if no consensus has emerged after several respected wikipedians have reviewed the matter , the user should be left unblocked .
0.10553241
something these admins have clearly not read its clear from the reckless disregard shown towards chooserr that the admins of wikipedia are failing to read the materials provided for their education in this case the wikipedia controversialblocks page the copy below has emphasis provided where the admins in this situation are failing wikipedia controversial blocks from wikipedia the free encyclopedia while blocking ip addresses responsible for anonymous clearcut vandalism is routine many other uses of ip and username blocks are contentious where consensus proves elusive such blocks are damaging to the community the most controversial blocks are blocks of suspected sock puppets or reincarnations of banned users loggedin users with a substantial history of valid contributions regardless of the reasoning for the block blocks made under the disruption provision of the blocking policy blocks that while possibly wise lack policy basis once you are convinced that a block is warranted the recommended procedure for controversial blocks is check the facts with cave reread appropriate parts of wikipedia blocking policy if possible contact other administrators informally to be sure there are others who agree with your reasoning the administrators noticeboard irc and email are effective tools for this place the block exercising due acre in the wording of the reason message and include a link to the user page of the user being blocked place a notice of the block on the talk page of the affected user with additional rationale outlining the facts and the part of the blocking policy you feel applies be willing to discuss the block with other wikipedians such discussion usually takes place either on the blocked users talk page or the administrators noticeboard the latter especially in those cases where it was already raised there block wars in which a user is repeatedly blocked and unblocked are extremely harmful they are a source of frustration and disappointment to many seasoned wikipedians and tend to encourage further bad behavior on the part of the blocked user avoid them instead discuss the matter and try to reach a consensus if no consensus has emerged after several respected wikipedians have reviewed the matter the user should be left unblocked 
0.07073642
care

