phaedriel , i couldnt have put it better , so i won't . spawn m8 , if you need a wikibreak , then by all means take one ! but please don't chicken out on us ! remember ; if all the good folks leave there will only be pricks and prats left to ruin all that we've created here . rest , regroup , recharge and reflect on it , bro .
0.13233244
phaedriel i couldnt have put it better so i wont spawn m8 if you need a wikibreak then by all means take one but please dont chicken out on us remember if all the good folks leave there will only be prikcs and prats left to ruin all that weve created here rest regroup recharge and reflect on it bro 
0.121935226
pricks

= = geological activity ? = = isn't the frequency of earthquakes unusually large in this region ? it has been said that tehran and other cities such as the recently quake hit bam are at great risk for catastrophe . it might be good to mention this if it is true .
0.043769784
geological activity isnt the frequency of earthquakes unusually large in this region it has been said that tehran and other cities such as the recently quaek hit bam are at great risk for catastrophe it might be good to mention this if it is true 
0.01838032
quake

israel has freedom of press . no other arab regime has that ! hezbollah and every other arab country only show what they want you to see ! arab citizens are only seeing certain parts of the conflict . moreover , remember the picture of palestinians cheering after 9/11 ? well haven't you noticed that it has disappeared ! what happened was that palestinian terrorists threatened to kill the man who filmed that . so , cnn stopped showing it and the man was released . israel on the other hand has freedom of press .
0.28256506
israel has freedom of press no other arab regime has that hezbollah and every other arab country only show what they want you to see arab citizens are only seeing certain parts of the conflict moreover remember the picture of palestinians cheering after 911 well havent you noticed that it has disappeared what happened was that paletsinian terrorists threatened to kill the man who filmed that so cnn stopped showing it and the man was released israel on the other hand has freedom of press 
0.21366121
palestinian

= = don't let the bastards win ! = = just a reminder : you still have a lot more friends and supporters here than enemas . please don't let a bunch of bullying , petty-minded , vindictive fools get you down . this is still our community , inspite of their best(worst ) efforts to turn it into their own egotrip playground . should they succeed , all our work will have been wasted and this project will be rendered a bigger joke than even colbert could conceive . courage and truthiness my friend ,
0.6469028
dont let the bastarsd win just a reminder you still have a lot more friends and supporters here than enemas please dont let a bunch of bullying pettyminded vindictive fools get you down this is still our community inspite of their bestworst efforts to turn it into their own egotrip playground should they succeed all our work will have been wasted and this project will be rendered a bigger joke than even colbert could conceive courage and truthiness my friend 
0.5417384
bastards

relative cheapness ? it's most popular competitors are free .
0.014879521
relative cheapness its most popular competitors rae free 
0.006471668
are

= = merge = = this should really be merge with grandfather clause , since they are basically the same thing .
0.012454555
merge this should really eb merge with grandfather clause since they are basically the same thing 
0.006023733
be

wait wait ... on wikipedia i cam put anything on a page and it stays there until someone has to prove otherwise ? fantastic ...!!!
0.0477828
wait wait on wikipedia i cma put anything on a page and it stays there until someone has to prove otherwise fantastic 
0.021411074
cam

i'll bet milk amazes you you thick asshole ... now block this ip quick you dumb mother fucker !! cos we gonna play some games !! this is one of the weirdest experiences i have ever had . there is some blatant incestuous vandalstic remarks and they have been put their by a guy who i proved has 2 sock puppets at least and how he left the remark with one and then reverted it with the other ... and nothing ..? the worlds dumbest detectives basically ... ze good fight ... i'll tell you what . i'll bet that it's the other way around .. i'll bet that if you claim that someone said something , you have to back it up , not that the whole universe has to prove that they didn't say something ... how does one prove that another person didn't say something anyway ?? the truth ,,.. you guys are german teens ja ? i have amillion ips so do what you want you incest boys !
0.93439335
ill bet milk amazes you you thick asshole now block this ip quick you dumb mother fucekr cos we gonna play some games this is one of the weirdest experiences i have ever had there is some blatant incestuous vandalstic remarks and they have been put their by a guy who i proved has 2 sock puppets at least and how he left the remark with one and then reverted it with the other and nothing the worlds dumbest detectives basically ze good fight ill tell you what ill bet that its the other way around ill bet that if you claim that someone said something you have to back it up not that the whole universe has to prove that they didnt say something how does one prove that another person didnt say something anyway the truth you guys are german teens ja i have amillion ips so do what you want you incest boys 
0.8604267
fucker

= = blocked for a week for reverting incest comments = = it's true ! ' kevin breitenstein ' and ' chicosbailbonds ' are one and the same person . chico left an incest remark , i removed it . after i removed it as well as some other of kevin's vandalism , amidaniel mistakenly suspended me for a week for stalking . after that happened ' kevin breitenstein ' came along and reverted my revert , putting the incest comment back on the page . i then visited chicosbailbonds page only to find the opening sentence , my name's kevin ... they are one and the same ... they are interested in incest and i have been blocked for a week by amidaniel for removing the foul natured jibe . i have left a note on amidaniel's page and she has ignored it . i have heard nothing . i think i's make better and more thorough admin than that . unless kevin is all 3 ids . yourcousin
0.23596302
blocked for a week for reverting indcest comments its true kevin breitenstein and chicosbailbonds are one and the same person chico left an inceust remark i removed it after i removed it as well as some other of kevins vandalism amidaniel mistakenly suspended me for a week for stalking after that happened kevin breitenstein came along and reverted my revert putting the nicest comment back on the page i then visited chicosbailbonds page only to find the opening sentence my names kevin they are one and the same they are interested in incset and i have been blocked for a week by amidaniel for removing the foul natured jibe i have left a note on amidaniels page and she has ignored it i have heard nothing i think is make better and more thorough admin than that unless kevin is all 3 ids yourcousin 
0.07668188
incest

= = the article is really a biased editorial = = the article is in actuality an editorial opinion by someone who has personal grievances against the necronomicon and anyone who doesn't also stridently condemn it . it's nothing more than an attack piece , and it needs to be cleaned up to conform to the neutral point of view requirement or maybe considered for removal .
0.11458086
the article is really a biased editorial the article is in actuality an editorial opinion by someone who has personal grievances against the necronomicon and anyone who doesnt also stridently condemn it its nothing more than an atatck piece and it needs to be cleaned up to conform to the neutral point of view requirement or maybe considered for removal 
0.09206719
attack

