:::::::::: that was a neat rhetorical sleight of hand , wasn't it ? i'm not trying to base the contents of an article on what we all know ; i'm calling you out on a disingenuous analogy . if you really think there's no more coverage of fascism or of rape in scholarly sources than there is of donkey punches , i will cheerfully provide you with the titles of fifty published books on each . there's a difference between basing encyclopedia content on what we all know , and using what we all know to make a point in a conversation . i hope you can see that . what i'm pointing out is that fascism and rape are clearly extremely citeable , whereas donkey punch isn't . with proper sourcing , the donkey punch article will not be deleted , no matter how much people hate it . unless someone is deleting properly sourced articles based on distaste , your analogy goes nowhere . as for myself , i've argued for deleting articles i like a lot , based on the fact that no verifiable sources could be found for their contents , so don't tell me why i'm picking on this article . i actually take the position i do because i really like wp : nor . -
0.27963132
that was a neat rhetorical sleight of hand wasnt it im not trying to base the contents of an article on what we all know im calling you out on a disingenuous analogy if you really think theres no more coverage of fascism or of rae in scholarly sources than there is of donkey punches i will cheerfully provide you with the titles of fifty published books on each theres a difference between basing encyclopedia content on what we all know and using what we all know to make a point in a conversation i hope you can see that what im pointing out is that fascism and raep are clearly extremely citeable whereas donkey punch isnt with proper sourcing the donkey punch article will not be deleted no matter how much people hate it unless someone is deleting properly sourced articles based on distaste your analogy goes nowhere as for myself ive argued for deleting articles i like a lot based on the fact that no verifiable sources could be found for their contents so dont tell me why im picking on this article i actually take the position i do because i really like wp nor 
0.25827363
rape

= = hi = = what would you require me to do to prove that i will not be abusive again ? i am prepared to accept some kind of suspended sentence if this is what you want . i have admitted i was wrong . i will try to change .
0.123745404
hi what would you require me to do to prove that i will not be abusiev again i am prepared to accept some kind of suspended sentence if this is what you want i have admitted i was wrong i will try to change 
0.047243156
abusive

= = = schisms ? = = = which schism branches of the lds church currently practice baptism for the dead ? i was under the impression that only the lds church still performs the ordnance .
0.13290559
schisms which schism branches of the lds church currently practice baptism for the daed i was under the impression that only the lds church still performs the ordnance 
0.046924874
dead

= = bertine zetlitz fan site = = hello there , i noticed your post in the bertine zetlitz page about a fan site . i have just started one up at http://www.bertine.st . only the forum is up right now but i am hoping to get people to help any way possible so it can be a full-fledged fan site for her !
0.048971668
bertine zetlitz fan site hello there i noticed your post in the bertine zetlitz page about a fan site i have just started one up at httpwwwbertinest only the forum is up right now but i am hoping to get people to help any way possible so it can eb a fullfledged fan site for her 
0.041360293
be

= = merging = = i don't agree with this policy but since it is a policy , it should be followed . i agree that the articles should be merged .
0.01788002
merging i dont agree with this policy but since it si a policy it should be followed i agree that the articles should be merged 
0.015345255
is

: not true !, it wasn't me . i'm not a wikipedia admin and therefore unable to block anyone . it appears you're editing without creating a user id and therefore you are sharing an aol ip address with a user who is vandalizing wikipedia pages . i review the talk page for the ip address that created the above msg , but i was unable to find a message from myself . perphas you want to create a user id . good luck .
0.042360254
not true it wasnt me im not a wikipedia admin and therefore unable to block anyone it appears youre editing without creating a user id and therefore you are sharing an aol ip address with a user who is vadnalizing wikipedia pages i review the talk page for the ip address that created the above msg but i was unable to find a message from myself perphas you want to create a user id good luck 
0.026319856
vandalizing

nuclear , the above is not how u cite the article . u must cite the original source . do it like this >>> yarri article 1879 in abc online http://www.abc.net.au i think abc ( it would have originated at abc riverina ) got it out of butchers book though , in which case , all three cites must be there as per above , with one added . the original cite goes in italics , then the next is underlined , then the next something else . all three must be noted though . if abc got it straight from the original paper at gundagai library , then no need to cite butchers book but must cite its original source .
0.033590734
nuclear the above is not how u cite the article u must cite the original source do it like this yarri article 1879 in abc online httpwwwabcnetau i think abc it would have originated at abc riverina got it out of butchfers book though in which case all three cites must be there as per above with one added the original cite goes in italics then the next is underlined then the next something else all three must be noted though if abc got it straight from the original paper at gundagai library then no need to cite ubtchers book but must cite its original source 
0.030714383
butchers

= = european hornet = = i added the european hornet as 2.5 . this is not , i repeat not a referenced number , but my interpretation from the colour code chart in . from what i understand , a european hornet sting is more painful than a yellowjacket , so i added a 0.5 on to distinguish this . this must be redone with a proper reference .
0.13943464
european hrnet i added the european oornet as 25 this is not i repeat not a referenced number but my interpretation from the colour code chart in from what i understand a european horent sting is more painful than a yellowjacket so i added a 05 on to distinguish this this must be redone with a proper reference 
0.053873006
hornet

= = i made the criticisms section . = = it was me , but it was a blatant attack on highly intelectual people .
0.15723678
i made the criticisms section it was me but it was a blatnat attack on highly intelectual people 
0.10734912
blatant

= = me again = = i'm glad we can talk , i would really appreciate to know why you think that the deaths of steve irwin and tim treadwell are funny . i deleted them from the page because it was not appropriate to have such things on there . unfortunately , you seem to think they are funny and insist on keeping them there .
0.09682749
me again im glad we can talk i would really appreciate to know why you think that the deahts of steve irwin and tim treadwell are funny i deleted them from the page because it was not appropriate to have such things on there unfortunately you seem to think they are funny and insist on keeping them there 
0.050205767
deaths

= = thanks ... = = ... for your speedy action in blocking before he/she could vandalize even more pages . i was about to report him/her to wp : aiv , but you were already on top of it .
0.065576464
thanks for your speedy action in blocking before heshe could vandaliez even more pages i was about to report himher to wp aiv but you were already on top of it 
0.034147125
vandalize

please refrain from removing content from wikipedia , as you did to tom hanks . it is considered vandalism . if you want to experiment , please use the sandbox . thank you .
0.051524624
please refrain from removing content from wikipedia as you did to tom hanks it is considered vandalsim if you want to experiment please use the sandbox thank you 
0.028880997
vandalism

= = third knight . = = can i please know how you can promote a pawn to knight in international chess .
0.06994116
third knight can i please know how you can promote a panw to knight in international chess 
0.035949543
pawn

= = phases of migraine terminology = = migraine ( history page ) 2006-1 0-0 8t 13:23:04 msteri ( talk | contribs ) m ( ? aura phase - this was not a typo . headache phase is appropriate and from the source cited . please do not change this again . ) from user talk : milomedes when i typed headache phase , that's exactly what i meant . it was not a typo . headache phase is as correct as pain phase , and headache phase is the terminology used in the source that i very carefully cited . why did you feel it necessary to make this change ? it makes no sense to me to take up people's time in this fashion . thank you , this is a community issue so i'm moving it to the talk page . milo : first , i didn't think it was a typo . both headache phase and pain phase terms are ( or were ) in use , though i don't know which is used more commonly . i do know that pain phase is a better term for three reasons : 1 ) abdominal migraine isn't in the head , 2 ) the headache word is recursively overused , 3 ) -ache underdescribes the sensation , and , 4 ) pain is shorter . you can argue with 2 ) , 3 ) , 4 ) , but 1 ) is technically a debate stopper . : second , with all due respect to your professional writing expertise , just because you carefully copied the words that were used in your source , doesn't mean that i can't substitute different words that i have reason to think are better . i quote from concluding text at the bottom of every edit page : : please note : if you don't want your writing to be edited mercilessly or redistributed by others , do not submit it . : third , wikipedia isn't about you or me . i didn't know you wrote it , and it shouldn't matter that you did . this is an interactive community process . if you think i'm taking up your time , then you probably don't have enough time to write here . furthermore , if you assume that anything you write here is still going to be here , say , 10 years from now , then you probably don't understand the nature of wikipedia . : as to disagreements about which terminology to use in the article , that is usually handled with a talk page poll . i respectfully suggest that we use that tool as needed .
0.014839279
phases of migraine terminology migraine history page 20061 00 8t 132304 msteri talk contribs m aura phase this was not a typo headache phase i appropriate and from the source cited please do not change this again from user talk milomedes when i typed headache phase thats exactly what i meant it was not a typo headache phase s as correct as pain phase and headache phase i s the terminology used in the source that i very carefully cited why did you feel it necessary to make this change it makes no sense to me to take up peoples time in this fashion thank you this si a community issue so im moving it to the talk page milo first i didnt think it was a typo both headache phase and pain phase terms are or were in use though i dont know which si used more commonly i do know that pain phase si a better term for three reasons 1 abdominal migraine isnt in the head 2 the headache word i s recursively overused 3 ache underdescribes the sensation and 4 pain si shorter you can argue with 2 3 4 but 1 si technically a debate stopper second with all due respect to your professional writing expertise just because you carefully copied the words that were used in your source doesnt mean that i cant substitute different words that i have reason to think are better i quote from concluding text at the bottom of every edit page please note if you dont want your writing to be edited mercilessly or redistributed by others do not submit it third wikipedia isnt about you or me i didnt know you wrote it and it shouldnt matter that you did this si an interactive community process if you think im taking up your time then you probably dont have enough time to write here furthermore if you assume that anything you write here i s still going to be here say 10 years from now then you probably dont understand the nature of wikipedia as to disagreements about which terminology to use in the article that si usually handled with a talk page poll i respectfully suggest that we use that tool as needed 
0.013493083
is

suborbital in spaceflight list i was wondering why the the spaceloft xl suborbital flights are included in this list . they go into space with regards to altitude but don't achieve orbital speeds . if you include such suborbital flights you also have to include other sounding rocket flights ( such as maxtor ) and icbm test launches , imho .
0.016740024
suborbital in spaceflight list i was wondering why the the spaceloft xl suborbital flights are included in this list they go into space with regards to altitude but dont achieve orbital speeds if you include such suborbital flights you also have to include other soundign rocket flights such as maxtor and icbm test launches imho 
0.016215213
sounding

* unfortunately there's not much can be done about this . wikipedia was basically banned magazine covers ( even using them in articles about the magazines is a bit iffy ) . if the guy was named man of the year or received some other sort of accolade it's possible , but right now there isn't much defence . if you can write a section on that particular magazine issue , then you might be able to argue that you're fulfilling the fair use criteria .
0.031440563
unfortunately theres not much can be done about this wikipedia was basically bnaned magazine covers even using them in articles about the magazines is a bit iffy if the guy was named man of the year or received some other sort of accolade its possible but right now there isnt much defence if you can write a section on that particular magazine issue then you might be able to argue that youre fulfilling the fair use criteria 
0.021147424
banned

= = = conservative and religious critics = = = many critics of the aclu consider themselves , or are commonly regarded as , conservatives . in addition , the aclu has defended the right of a christian church to run anti-santa ads on boston subways , the right to religious expression by jurors , and the right of christian students to distribute religious literature in school . here are the remnants of the c and r critic sections . thanks .
0.026867941
conservative and religious critics many critics of the aclu consider themselves or re commonly regarded as conservatives in addition the aclu has defended the right of a christian church to run antisanta ads on boston subways the right to religious expression by jurors and the right of christian students to distribute religious literature in school here rae the remnants of the c and r critic sections thanks 
0.013790467
are

i was thinking about something ... maybe it's my small-penis-complex that is the root cause of my continued vandalism of steiner's page . i've been doing some self-searching and looking deep down ( in my pants ) and think that's really the case here . or maybe , in the future , i'll think twice before i vandalize steiner's page because now i know what it's like to have vandalism done with my name .
0.41237774
i was thinking about something maybe its my smallpeniscomplex that is the root cause of my continued vandalism of steiners page ive been doing some selfsearching and looking deep down in my panst and think thats really the case here or maybe in the future ill think twice before i vandalize steiners page because now i know what its like to have vandalism done with my name 
0.17487802
pants

