: there are a lot of articles classified as both indian freedom fighters and indian politicians , though some may be known more as freedom fighters . the idea is that some one going through the category page would get the details at a glance . similarly , the category femina miss india winners also has the runners-up as well as other famous participants . also , the university stub description doesn't say that it is a university alone . it reads this india university , college or other education institution article is a stub . so , having this categorisation doesn't mean that iimb or any other iim or an iit is a university . i'm reverting the edit to the previous edit . thanks ,
0.015694387
there are a lot of articles classified as both indian freedom fighters and indian politicians though some may eb known more as freedom fighters the idea is that some one going through the category page would get the details at a glance similarly the category femina miss india winners also has the runnersup as well as other famous participants also the university stub description doesnt say that it is a university alone it reads this india university college or other education institution article is a stub so having this categorisation doesnt mean that iimb or any other iim or an iit is a university im reverting the edit to the previous edit thanks 
0.0125784855
be

please stop adding nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .. this applies to manchester united f.c. and fig .
0.1518257
please stop adding onnsense to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you this applies to manchester united fc and fig 
0.08956513
nonsense

jack breen is a 15 year old boy who lives in the state of nsw , australia . he is currently in year 9 at high school , and he is a qualified basketball referee and also enjoys playing basketball .
0.06993202
jack breen si a 15 year old boy who lives in the state of nsw australia he ig currently in year 9 at high school and he si a qualified basketball referee and also enjoys playing basketball 
0.05843065
is

= = = = this message is regarding the article atomic bombings of hiroshima and nagasaki . thanks for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and has been removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks . -
0.050017424
this message is regarding the article atomic bombings of hiroshima and nagasaki thanks for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and ahs been removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks 
0.035700813
has

= = hi = = with your language section i notice that you have piano and trombone listed . i already have my language on my user page and would like to include the guitar there . could you direct me to the help section which will tell me how to do it ? i have searched and couldn't find it . thanks .
0.033045676
hi with your language section i notice that you have piano and trombone listed i already have my language on my user page and would like to include the guitar there could you direct me to the help section which will tell me how to do it i have searhced and couldnt find it thanks 
0.018347107
searched

= = your vandalism = = thanks , i needed a laugh ! ) |
0.37313446
your vanadlism thanks i needed a laugh 
0.07036081
vandalism

any suggestions for appropriate punishments should the wmo fail to retire katrina ? i'm thinking of handing them all sponges and making them responsible for drying out new orleans . or would something with electrodes be better ?
0.121923104
any suggestions for appropriate punishments should the wmo fail to retire katrina im thinking of handing them all sopnges and making them responsible for drying out new orleans or would something with electrodes be better 
0.08573865
sponges

= = communist party of india ( marxist ) page = = i also think that six images are so much for an article with such a length . however , this does not justify your vandalism . if you may decide which ones are pepresentative of cpi(m ) , for example a column in kerala , one poster in urdu , etc ., go for it but if you cannot decide , don't ever touch it please .
0.10144457
communist party of india marxist page i also think that six images are so much for an article with such a length however this does not justify your vandalims if you may decide which ones are pepresentative of cpim for example a column in kerala one poster in urdu etc go for it but if you cannot decide dont ever touch it please 
0.069614336
vandalism

wikipedia is great .
0.0246606
wikipedia si great 
0.014410096
is

= = not similar to racial purity = = i'm having difficulty seeing the dissimilarity between those who don't like miscegenation because they are worried about aryans becoming jewish and those who don't like miscegeneation because they are worried about jews becoming goyim . whatever the rights and wrongs of the views , they certainly do seem very similar . if you are arguing that in one case the distinction is racial and in the other ethnic , okay , that's reasonable , but you should note that racial and ethnic are distinctions based on the povs in question , rather than something neutral that simply attaches to the distinction .
0.1424225
not similar to racail purity im having difficulty seeing the dissimilarity between those who dont like miscegenation because they are worried about aryans becoming jewish and those who dont like miscegeneation because they are worried about jews becoming goyim whatever the rights and wrongs of the views they certainly do seem very similar if you are arguing that in one case the distinction is racil and in the other ethnic okay thats reasonable but you should note that racail and ethnic are distinctions based on the povs in question rather than something neutral that simply attaches to the distinction 
0.122128986
racial

:::::::: would it be easier for you to justify your position if i had disagreed with you in the past ? either way , your behavior is arrogant and your contribution unwanted . before i answer your question , samboy , are you , or are you not a complete hypocrite for not signing that post ?
0.506565
would it be easier for you to justify your position if i had disagreed with you in the past either way your behavior is rarogant and your contribution unwanted before i answer your question samboy are you or are you not a complete hypocrite for not signing that post 
0.45137542
arrogant

: who you talking to ? err , i mean to whom are you talking ? ) yea i got the new messages thing and notcied the page move right away . thanks for the reverts and block . i got an edit conflict with you on the impostor tag . thanks .
0.09426854
who you talking to err i mean to whom are you talking yea i got the new messages thing and notcied the page move right away thanks for the reverts and block i got an edit conflict with you on the ipmostor tag thanks 
0.05584277
impostor

= = esperanza election = = thank you very much for your vote of support in the first ever esperanza elections . you got your vote in right before the bell , and i am happy to say that your confidence in me helped my election to tranche b of the advisory committee . i am looking forward to helping esperanza succeed , and also would like to note that you can contact me with any concern or question about wikipedia or esperanza . thank you very much . | esperanza
0.013085224
esperanza election thank you very much for your vote of support in the first ever esperanza elections you got your vote in right before the bell and i am happy to say that your confidence in me helped my election to tarnche b of the advisory committee i am looking forward to helping esperanza succeed and also would like to note that you can contact me with any concern or question about wikipedia or esperanza thank you very much esperanza 
0.011485454
tranche

