= = politics section edit = = i removed the very last sentence from the politics section : in 2003 , u.s. invaded iraq and found approx . 3436 tonnes of weapons . it not only seemed out of place as the previous sentences were talking about the transitional government , but seems to be rather misleading especially in lieu of all the controversy of the invasion of iraq under the accusation that they had and were developing weapons of mass destruction . is it any surprise that any country has a large tonnage of weapons considering nearly all nations possess armies ? imagine if the tonnage of all conventional weapons of the united states were calculated alone . obviously such a statement as the one above seems to have an alterior motive . to date ( aug-2005 ) no weapons or evidence of development of wmd's have been found in iraq .
0.036334082
politics section edit i removed the very last sentence from the politics section in 2003 us invaded iraq and found approx 3436 tonnes of weapons it not only seemed out of place as the previous sentences were talking about the transitional government but seems to be rather misleading especially in lieu of all the controversy of the invasion of iraq under the acucsation that they had and were developing weapons of mass destruction is it any surprise that any country has a large tonnage of weapons considering nearly all nations possess armies imagine if the tonnage of all conventional weapons of the united states were calculated alone obviously such a statement as the one above seems to have an alterior motive to date aug2005 no weapons or evidence of development of wmds have been found in iraq 
0.03096198
accusation

= = vandalizer = = hi this is your official warning . you recieve this warning because you vandalized the natalee holloway page . the next warning will result in a suspension for 195 hours . thank you .
0.24293186
vandalizer hi this is your official warning you recieve this warning because you vandalizde the natalee holloway page the next warning will result in a suspension for 195 hours thank you 
0.13858797
vandalized

the following things need to be retained : # a fuller quotation of horowitz that conveys his charges and stated implications to dees . # in fairness and to accomodate npov , a balancing fuller quotation of berlet would also be needed . # reference to the allegations by arabia against berlet's style of argument - e.g. critique for guilt by association and critique for squashing free speech . # specification of how the dispute actually concluded - not simply see here . for example , it should be noted that splc stood by berlet and berlet responded , plus horowitz's counterresponse . the fairest way of doing this is again to give both berlet and horowitz a representative quote in their own words .
0.024444833
the following things need to be retained a fuller quotation of horowitz that conveys his charges and stated implications to dees in fairness and to accomodate npov a balancing fuller quotation of berlet would also be needed reference to the allegations by arabia against berlets style of argument eg critique for giult by association and critique for squashing free speech specification of how the dispute actually concluded not simply see here for example it should be noted that splc stood by berlet and berlet responded plus horowitzs counterresponse the fairest way of doing this is again to give both berlet and horowitz a representative quote in their own words 
0.00898683
guilt

: it doesn't sound like there is a copyright issue as that would be in the public domain , however the question is whether posting a whole speech is encyclopedic . it sounds more like material for wikisource . ,
0.013042722
it doesnt sound like there si a copyright issue as that would be in the public domain however the question i s whether posting a whole speech si encyclopedic it sounds more like material for wikisource 
0.009868196
is

i come from the faroe islands . hoinga hinga hoinga . slurp . hoinga hinga hoinga i am better than you slurp . hoinga hinga hoinga .
0.45434195
i come from the faroe islands hoinga hinga hoinga wlurp hoinga hinga hoinga i am better than you lsurp hoinga hinga hoinga 
0.39020678
slurp

: no problem . the different philosophies are fun to get involved . they are sort of the political parties of wikipedia . deletionists are one extreme , inclusionists are another . mergists and members of the association with a really long name that i tend to forget are in the middle .
0.06905293
no problem the different philosophies are fun to get involved they are sort of the political parties of wikipedia edletionists are one extreme inclusionists are another mergists and members of the association with a really long name that i tend to forget are in the middle 
0.044004515
deletionists

:: alright that does it . >:( please avail yourself to read wp : not #wikipedia is not an indiscriminate collection of information , specifically point 7 , ::: wikipedia is not an indiscriminate collection of items of information . that something is 100% true does not mean it is suitable for inclusion in an encyclopedia . while there is a continuing debate about the encyclopedic merits of several classes of entries , current consensus is that wikipedia articles are not : :::: directories , directory entries , or a resource for conducting business . for example , an article on a radio station generally shouldn't list upcoming events , current promotions , phone numbers , etc ( although mention of major events or promotions may be acceptable ) . furthermore , the talk pages associated with an article are for talking about the article , not for conducting the business of the topic of the article . :: this page is about homosexuality in singapore , not a directory of where you can go to make out with other men in singapore if you're a gay ! that information is too trivial and non-encyclopedic to be included here . ::( i also happen to be one of the greatest homophobes the world has every seen . ) -
0.16910174
alright that does it please avail yourself to read wp not wikipedia is not an indiscriminate collection of information specifically point 7 wikipedia is not an indiscriminate collection of items of information that something is 100 true does not mean it is suitable for inclusion in an encyclopedia while there is a continuing debate about the encyclopedic merits of several classes of entries current consensus is that wikipedia articles are not directories directory entries or a resource for conducting business for example an article on a radio station generally shouldnt list upcoming events current promotions phone numbers etc although mention of major events or promotions may be acceptable furthermore the talk pages associated with an article are for talking about the article not for conducting the business of the topic of the article this page is about homosexuality in singapore not a directory of where you can go to make out with other men in singapore if youre a gay that information is too trivial and nonencyclopedic to be included here i also happen to be one of the greatest homohpobes the world has every seen 
0.092865475
homophobes

you haven't explained the context in which this makes sense . it is inconsistent in ordinary or scientific english . arn't we supposed to discuss things questionable before keeping them before the public ?
0.055739254
you havent explained the context in which this makes sesne it is inconsistent in ordinary or scientific english arnt we supposed to discuss things questionable before keeping them before the public 
0.046313368
sense

: i think that paragraph meant that mescaline was never artificially synthesized in large amounts . i'm guessing because mescaline has very low potency ( as opposed to lsd ) and it would be more worthwhile to the chemist to synthesize some other drug .
0.03662821
i think that paragraph meant that mescaline was never artificially synthesized in large amounts im guessing because mescaline has very low potency as opposed to lsd and it would be more worthwhile to the chemist to synthesize some other drgu 
0.034488346
drug

everybody !!! everybody !!!! ambergris is the undigested part of a giant squid stuck in a sperm whales intestines and testicles .
0.7959583
everybody everybody ambergris is the undigested part of a giant squid stuck in a sperm whales intestines and testiclse 
0.4697466
testicles

