: to substantiate notability : * removed unverifiable and irrelevant verbiage * added verifiable discographies for all members * added verifiable release details
0.19449322
to substantiate notability removed unverifiable and irreelvant verbiage added verifiable discographies for all members added verifiable release details 
0.051512517
irrelevant

= = don't threaten me . = = i'm not inserting pov-laden edits , everything i have put in has source . you are welcome to stop threatening me and behave in a civil manner any time .
0.36052594
dont threaetn me im not inserting povladen edits everything i have put in has source you are welcome to stop threatening me and behave in a civil manner any time 
0.3008765
threaten

please stop with your vandalizing of the jim clark page .
0.18132454
please sotp with your vandalizing of the jim clark page 
0.15732287
stop

= = fair use images and original article = = i don't understand this neurotic compulsion that people seem to have to scrap all of my contributions to this article . the third paragraph that was previously removed , and which i have now reinstated , contains relevant description for this article . similar descriptions appear in other porn-related articles on wikipedia . as for the pictures , the lead image is a promotional photo head shot and it is a much better representation of the subject than an amateur fan pic . the helles belles image illustrates relevant text in the article . in fact , fair use rationales and appropriate licensing tags have been provided for both of these images . i don't understand what the problem is since both images are regularly used for promotional purposes by the copyright holder to market laura angel and products related to her . thus , the appearance of these same images on wikipedia is altogether fair and appropriate as an accurate visual representation of the subject . also , both of the images i have added to this article are much more characteristic of laura's professional appearance than the brussels fan pic . if someone wants to expand the article and add the fan pic somewhere alongside further text down below they are free to do so . however , i request that people refrain from taking out perfectly legitimate and accurate contributions that have already been made to this article .
0.084869616
fair use images and original article i dont understand this neruotic compulsion that people seem to have to scrap all of my contributions to this article the third paragraph that was previously removed and which i have now reinstated contains relevant description for this article similar descriptions appear in other pornrelated articles on wikipedia as for the pictures the lead image is a promotional photo head shot and it is a much better representation of the subject than an amateur fan pic the helles belles image illustrates relevant text in the article in fact fair use rationales and appropriate licensing tags have been provided for both of these images i dont understand what the problem is since both images are regularly used for promotional purposes by the copyright holder to market laura angel and products related to her thus the appearance of these same images on wikipedia is altogether fair and appropriate as an accurate visual representation of the subject also both of the images i have added to this article are much more characteristic of lauras professional appearance than the brussels fan pic if someone wants to expand the article and add the fan pic somewhere alongside further text down below they are free to do so however i request that people refrain from taking out perfectly legitimate and accurate contributions that have already been made to this article 
0.018296266
neurotic

= = quit changing the bloody article = = if you wanna start something go ahead , but this change is real this time . if you want to check out my refrence , go ahead . the encyclopedia of mordern music can be found at the calgary public library , i have it taken out right now seeing as how i am doing some serious research on peart , something you wouldn't know about ...
0.31803995
quit changing the bolody article if you wanna start something go ahead but this change is real this time if you want to check out my refrence go ahead the encyclopedia of mordern music can be found at the calgary public library i have it taken out right now seeing as how i am doing some serious research on peart something you wouldnt know about 
0.11141571
bloody

:: well , if you just did what i think you did , you are in some deep trouble . i'm reporting you regardless because of recent behavior i have observed in regards to page editting . i tried to be nice .
0.08069124
well if you just did what i think you did you are in some deep trouble im reporting you regardless because of recent behvaior i have observed in regards to page editting i tried to be nice 
0.058408797
behavior

= = religious beliefs ? = = i wonder why this article doesn't mention his religious beliefs ? he often mentioned jesus in his lyrics , and he even had tattoo of a huge cross on his back . doesn't that count for anything ? | 17:38 , 30 sept , 2006 ( utc )
0.104078285
erligious beliefs i wonder why this article doesnt mention his religiosu beliefs he often mentioned jesus in his lyrics and he even had tattoo of a huge cross on his back doesnt that count for anything 1738 30 sept 2006 utc 
0.05685193
religious

= = noakhali anti-hindu pogrom = = : this pertains to other anti-hindu pogroms in nwfp and punjab as a consequence of direct action day . i managed to put it in based on whatever little refs i could find online . could you suggest some books i could see for additional data ( exact death-toll , specific incidents etc . ) ? : the books on partition of india provide the information and graphic narration . there are lots of them . i will provide the titles to you soon . thanks . ) ?
0.027863037
noakhali antihindu pogrom this pertains to other antihindu pogroms in nwfp and punjab as a consequence of direct action day i managed to put it in based on whatever ltitle refs i could find online could you suggest some books i could see for additional data exact deathtoll specific incidents etc the books on partition of india provide the information and graphic narration there are lots of them i will provide the titles to you soon thanks 
0.01409903
little

= = loonatics = = hello . your recent edit to loonatics unleashed has been identified as vandalism and reverted . do not remove content and/or replace it with nonsense . ; . .
0.2705502
loonatics hello your recent edit to loonatics unleashed has been identified as avndalism and reverted do not remove content andor replace it with nonsense 
0.21031736
vandalism

* there is also a scholarly journal : ethos
0.010581047
there is also a scholarly journal ehtos 
0.010203211
ethos

' s . go on and report me , son . i'll be waiting . i wouldn't mind giving you a donkey punch if i don't say so myself . after all , it's a part of human sexuality described in wikipedia , isn't it ?
0.5512375
s go on and report me son ill be waiting i wouldnt mind giving you a donkye punch if i dont say so myself after all its a part of human sexuality described in wikipedia isnt it 
0.39952043
donkey

eleemosynary = = i strongly advise you to leave eleemosynary alone . your past comments to this user have been intemperate and uncivil . quite wat good you expect to achieve by goading them about calling the cops is unclear to me . = =
0.22470659
eleemosynary i strongly advise you to leave eleemosynary alone your past comments to this user have been intemperate and unicvil quite wat good you expect to achieve by goading them about calling the cops is unclear to me 
0.13433851
uncivil

