= = egg = = please do not hurt egg .
0.4375967
e g g please do not hurt geg 
0.37394893
egg

= = deletion of malenovski and kiev school district citations = = given that this is a contested article , i wanted to explain my reasoning in recent changes . firstly , i inserted exact statistical per centages for the # of schools teaching in ukrainian . i did this b/c using partly to characterize 48% and overwhelmingly to characterize 70% is really pushing it . 48% is almost 1/2 and 70 is about 3/4 . partly sounds like 1/5-2/5 and overwhelmingly is somewhere between 85%-99% broadly understood . : now about the kiev's school district footnote . in my opinion , whereas the information is true , it is too narrow for our purposes here . citing national or at least regional statistics seems more appropriate . as for malenovski's article , the issue was unverifiability of the statistics . i read through the article and came to the section where malenovski cites the numbers ( towards the end ) . they are there , but no original source is named , no link is given for verification of the numbers . finally , i hope that wikipedia editors contributing to ukrainization will continue to insist on the level of scholarship expected and enforced for sources/articles dealing with the holodomor article . citing malenovski and going to the lengths of translating his pov ( in this case ) is rather unacceptable . by the way , i certainly prefer gogol in russian than in translation to english , polish or ukrainian . how can you not love ? : Как упоителен , как роскошен летний день в Малороссии ! Как томительно жарки те часы , когда полдень блещет в тишине и зное и голубой неизмеримый океан , сладострастным куполом нагнувшийся над землею , кажется , заснул , весь потонувши в неге , обнимая и сжимая прекрасную в воздушных объятиях своих ! but then again , works in the original are better whatever the language . i digress and stop .
0.028444763
deletion of malenovski and kiev school district citations given that this is a contested article i wanted to explain my reasoning in recent changes firstly i inserted exact statistical per centages for the of schools teaching in ukrainian i did this bc using partly to characterize 48 and overwhelmingly to characterize 70 is really pushing it 48 is almost 12 and 70 is about 34 partly sounds like 1525 and overwhelmingly is somewhere between 8599 broadly understood now about the kievs school district footnote in my opinion whereas the information is true it is too narrow for our purposes here citing national or at least regional statistics seems more appropriate as for malenovskis article the issue was unverifiability of the statistics i read through the article and came to the section where malenovski cites the numbers towards the end they are there but no original source is named no link is given for verification of the numbers finally i hope that wikipedia editors contributing to ukrainization will continue to insist on the level of scholarship expected and enforced for sourcesarticles dealing with the holodomor article citing malenovski and going to the lengths of translating his pov in this case is rather unaccepatble by the way i certainly prefer gogol in russian than in translation to english polish or ukrainian how can you not love Как упоителен как роскошен летний день в Малороссии Как томительно жарки те часы когда полдень блещет в тишине и зное и голубой неизмеримый океан сладострастным куполом нагнувшийся над землею кажется заснул весь потонувши в неге обнимая и сжимая прекрасную в воздушных объятиях своих but then again works in the original are better whatever the language i digress and stop 
0.017545104
unacceptable

get the fuck off my page , you motherfucking mullet !
0.983915
get the fcuk off my page you motherfucking mullet 
0.9795996
fuck

glad you're out there ! by the way do you know if there is a specific tag for an article which you know to have factual inaccuracies or blatant lies ?
0.25209227
glad youre out there by the way do you know if there is a specific tag for an article which you know to have factual inaccuracies or lbatant lies 
0.242829
blatant

* ephblog is a personal blog , and is not officially recognized by the college . its format is unique only in that the ephblog name is generic and catchy enough to * sound * like it could be an official college blog . i'd guess that the name is the only reason the blog has the readership that it does . regardless , the vast majority of content on ephblog reflects the views of david kane , whether or not he frequently implores others to participate more . the subject matter may span all things eph , but the viewpoints certainly do not . i don't think that this elevates ephblog above the status of personal blog , nor should it make ephblog eligible for inclusion on this page .
0.015762568
ephblog i s a personal blog and i not officially recognized by the college its format si unique only in that the ephblog name ir generic and catchy enough to sound like it could be an official college blog id guess that the name si the only reason the blog has the readership that it does regardless the vast majority of content on ephblog reflects the views of david kane whether or not he frequently implores others to participate more the subject matter may span all things eph but the viewpoints certainly do not i dont think that this elevates ephblog above the status of personal blog nor should it make ephblog eligible for inclusion on this page 
0.007314973
is

:: lacking anyone else jumping in , i made a few minor edits in some of the directions you sugggested .
0.069112346
lackign anyone else jumping in i made a few minor edits in some of the directions you sugggested 
0.04602531
lacking

hi this sunday on your show you had a black fellow in white he had a watch on his wrist it was glod looking , what kind of watch did he have ?????? bill notto
0.43913087
hi this sunday on your show you had a blakc fellow in white he had a watch on his wrist it was glod looking what kind of watch did he have bill notto 
0.26331887
black

= = thank you . = = i would just like to thank you for deleting my articles that i worked so hard on . you can expect a song written about you , and this website . the song will contain vulgar , explicit , threatening lyrics that will make you shiver . you should be ashamed of yourself for crushing all of our dreams . all we wanted was to have our measley little articles on the website , but no . you are an editing nazi , with a need for perfection arent you ? you have gotten your little stars because you like to delete articles . it is people like you that uncleanse this earth , and that i lose sleep over at night . good day to you sir , and may the guilt burn in you for the rest of your years . sincerely , wet screams .
0.37022805
thank you i would just like to thank you for deleting my articles that i worked so hard on you can expect a song written about you and this website the song will contain vulgar explicit threatening lyrics that will make you shiver you should be ashamed of yourself for crushing all of our dreams all we wanted was to have our measley little articles on the website but no you are an editing naiz with a need for perfection arent you you have gotten your little stars because you like to delete articles it is people like you that uncleanse this earth and that i lose sleep over at night good day to you sir and may the guilt burn in you for the rest of your years sincerely wet screams 
0.35674804
nazi

= = apotropaic exposure of female genitalia = = the la fontaine reference seems to be wrong in several of the quoted authorities , who state it is from la fontaine's fables , but the illustration they refer to is from la fontaine's nouvelles contes . the story in question is le diable de papefiguière . the illustration by charles eisen was copied to decorate a late 18th century porcelain cup and saucer , which i found illustrated at ( accessed ) where it is described as follows : paris cup and saucer with scenes from la fontaine's contes 1785-90 dark blue ground , rich gilding of scrolls , foliage trails and vases . reserves on the cup and saucer with grisaille scenes , identified in gilt writing on the underside : on the cup la jument du compere pierre , and on the saucer le diable de papefiguiere . no marks . height of cup 6.1 cm , diameter of saucer 12.9 cm . circa 1785-90 . this cup is of the sèvres gobelet litron shape . although unmarked , the quality of the gilding indicates one of the top paris factories at the period , such as the duc d'angoulême's ( dihl & guérhard ) . the two painted scenes are taken from the 1767 edition of the contes de la fontaine , which was pirated from the famous 1762 fermiers généraux one , with engravings after drawings by charles eisen . le diable de papefiguière is the story of a devil which comes to frighten a village … the commentators state that the woman exposes herself to fighten the demon , but i think the story is less straightforward . i haven't found an english translation yet , but it seems to me to be a variation of a well-known folk theme in which satan/devil/demons are tricked by a cunning peasant couple . an english example would be the folk song the devil and the feathery wife . |
0.15470266
apotropaic exposure of female genitaila the la fontaine reference seems to be wrong in several of the quoted authorities who state it is from la fontaines fables but the illustration they refer to is from la fontaines nouvelles contes the story in question is le diable de papefiguière the illustration by charles eisen was copied to decorate a late 18th century porcelain cup and saucer which i found illustrated at accessed where it is described as follows paris cup and saucer with scenes from la fontaines contes 178590 dark blue ground rich gilding of scrolls foliage trails and vases reserves on the cup and saucer with grisaille scenes identified in gilt writing on the underside on the cup la jument du compere pierre and on the saucer le diable de papefiguiere no marks height of cup 61 cm diameter of saucer 129 cm circa 178590 this cup is of the sèvres gobelet litron shape although unmarked the quality of the gilding indicates one of the top paris factories at the period such as the duc dangoulêmes dihl guérhard the two painted scenes are taken from the 1767 edition of the contes de la fontaine which was pirated from the famous 1762 fermiers généraux one with engravings after drawings by charles eisen le diable de papefiguière is the story of a devil which comes to frighten a village … the commentators state that the woman exposes herself to fighten the demon but i think the story is less straightforward i havent found an english translation yet but it seems to me to be a variation of a wellknown folk theme in which satandevildemons are tricked by a cunning peasant couple an english example would be the folk song the devil and the feathery wife 
0.07081893
genitalia

please do not add commercial links or links to your own private websites to wikipedia , as you did in google . wikipedia is not a vehicle for advertising or a mere collection of external links . you are , however , encouraged to add content instead of links as long as the content abides by our policies and guidelines . see the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks .
0.021484887
please do not add commercial links or links to your own private websites to wikipedia as you did in google wikipedia is not a vehicle for advertising or a mere collection of external links you are however encouraged to add content instead of links as long as the content abieds by our policies and guidelines see the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks 
0.017341789
abides

:: did so on aug 21 , there ' a backlog on the page , apparently , that's where nothing has been happening . since i posted there , he still reverted his favorite photo into the equestrianism article since . it's getting very tiresome . can anyone just block him from editing equestrianism ? it seems to be his favorite prank and the various vandal bots don't seem to catch that one as fast as a lot of the others ? ( or can we dump the photo ? it really is more porn than art ... ) i'm still fairly new to wikipedia and don't know how all the tools can be used . i also don't monitor constantly ... help !
0.153995
did so on aug 21 there a backlog on the page apparently thats where nothing has been happening since i posted there he still reverted his favorite photo into the equestrianism article since its getting very tiresome can anyone just block him from editing equestrianism it seems to be his favorite prank and the various vandal bots dont seem to catch that one as fast as a lot of the others or can we dump the photo it really is more ponr than art im still fairly new to wikipedia and dont know how all the tools can be used i also dont monitor constantly help 
0.07914895
porn

= = this is not a static ip = = i saw an error from my blackberry and i can't make the edit thanks to this overzealous block ... thanks , guys . all us t-mobile users thank you -p
0.10970041
this is not a static ip i saw an error from my blackberry and i cant make the edit thanks to this overzealuos block thanks guys all us tmobile users thank you p 
0.06740678
overzealous

:: warning has been issued to user .
0.022118894
warning hsa been issued to user 
0.018006936
has

shows so well my point about power trips . are you a jury ? because only a jury can determine libel . did niles sue busch for his entry ? did he sue murphy ? no . wonder why ? because the truth is an absolute defense to libel . as far as threatening me ( my own risk ) does that jollify you ? like somehow you matter ? just wondering . colscott
0.28720206
shows so well my point about power trips rae you a jury because only a jury can determine libel did niles sue busch for his entry did he sue murphy no wonder why because the truth is an absolute defense to libel as far as threatening me my own risk does that jollify you like somehow you matter just wondering colscott 
0.2640312
are

= = dan didio = = please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , as you did to dan didio , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia .
0.15538752
dan didio please stop if you continue to vandailze pages as you did to dan didio you will be blocked from editing wikipedia 
0.12126979
vandalize

ok , i have to answer this . belgium antisemetic ? probably . they , like the french sold the jews to the nazis in exchange for a turned back while they looted the houses . ussr ? well , who commissioned and published the protocols for almost 100 years ? oh yeah . russians . egypt's a strawman . norway ? there aren't many jews there , so who knows how they feel , but there's a lot of anti-zionists in scandanavia , so there's probably some blurry lines . since you'r from belgium , by your own admission , i think you've got a large streak of the anti-zionism that's vogue across europe now . am hates all jews . i guarantee for you that if every jew in israel lay in the streets and gave up their claim , he's shoot them before they could move out . and his next move would be calling for the expulsion of all other jews from all arabian lands . he's an anti-semite .
0.3619645
ok i have to answer this belgium antisemetic probably they like the french sold the ejws to the nazis in exchange for a turned back while they looted the houses ussr well who commissioned and published the protocols for almost 100 years oh yeah russians egypts a strawman norway there arent many jesw there so who knows how they feel but theres a lot of antizionists in scandanavia so theres probably some blurry lines since your from belgium by your own admission i think youve got a large streak of the antizionism thats vogue across europe now am hates all jees i guarantee for you that if every jew in israel lay in the streets and gave up their claim hes shoot them before they could move out and his next move would be calling for the expulsion of all other ejws from all arabian lands hes an antisemite 
0.29143807
jews

