= = func's rfa ) = = thought he was one already .... you know , i think we all thought that . ;-) thank you for supporting my adminship , redux ! ) please never hesitate to let me know if you have concerns with any administrative action i may make . ( , , e , )
0.031382754
funcs rfa thought he was one already you know i think we all thought that thank you for supporting my adminship redux plesae never hesitate to let me know if you have concerns with any administrative action i may make e 
0.02510446
please

= = = fish sourced biodiesel = = = do my recent additions wrt to canadian esters from fish-source fatty acid production fit into the animal sources part of the outline or are they worth a separate note ?
0.10772596
fish sourced biodiesel do my recent additions wrt to canadian esters from fishsource aftty acid production fit into the animal sources part of the outline or are they worth a separate note 
0.024589472
fatty

= = lol i edited your page = = perhaps it is a good thing you are leaving , then - wikipedia does not need editors like you .
0.17567563
lol i edited your page perhaps it is a good thing you rae leaving then wikipedia does not need editors like you 
0.17056146
are

:: actually , i'm onboard now , too . what would be most relevant is simply years old ; the age of the universities here is rather irrelevant . perhaps a third column could include ... whether they're all male ? their web pages ? whether they have a cappella subsets ? some other useful , column-worthy information that , through a group comparison , helps better grasp the nature of glee clubs . = = non-college glee club info ? = = i'm not really a huge expert here , but is there more information about the glee club as an organization before it became transplanted and took roots in the universities of the u.s. ?
0.038010135
actually im onboard now too what would be most relevant is simply years old the age of the universities here is rather irrelveant perhaps a third column could include whether theyre all male their web pages whether they have a cappella subsets some other useful columnworthy information that through a group comparison helps better grasp the nature of glee clubs noncollege glee club info im not really a huge expert here but is there more information about the glee club as an organization before it became transplanted and took roots in the universities of the us 
0.01870402
irrelevant

do we really need complete instructions for venipuncture using vacutainers here ? i think a more global overview would be more appropriate , especially as the precise procedure varies from place to place .
0.010673442
do we really need complete instructions for venipuncture using vacutainers here i think a m o r e global overview would be moer appropriate especially as the precise procedure varies from place to place 
0.00960726
more

= = gryffindor = = regarding sudden changes where some nobility or royalty paraphernalia is added/changed into the articles , these are the trademark of user gryffindor , nee user antares , also formerly user bhinneka and user at-whatever . the said person has attempted to add styles and titles to a vast number of locations , and also attempts to make things consistent in that regard . you have faced an influx of von additions to names which are perfectly capable of living without von . there are certain signs that the aforementioned user is somewhat neurotic , as she soon erases comments from others that questions her actions .
0.08992446
gryffindor regarding sudden changes where some nobility or royalty paraphernalia is addedchanged into the articles these are the trademark of user gryffindor nee user antares also formerly user bhinneka and user atwhatever the said person has attempted to add styles and titles to a vast number of locations and also attempts to make things consistent in that regard you have faced an influx of von additions to names which are perfectly capable of living without von there are certain signs that the aforementioned user is somewhat nuerotic as she soon erases comments from others that questions her actions 
0.007660758
neurotic

= = you be a liar = = i know i left a obscene comment on your talk page . you deserved it , for all of the pov pushing you do . ruy's comment wasn't nasty , and you know it . you abuse your powers i hope you feel like a bigger person now . you push your pov , you harass other users who do not agree with it , and you regularly insult others so you can push your partisan hippy crap . good day .
0.74523497
you be a liar i know i left a obscene comment on your talk page you deserved it for all of the pov pushing you do ruys comment wasnt nasty and you know it you abuse your powers i hope you feel like a bigger person now you push your pov you harass other users who do not agree with it and you regularly insult others so you can push your partisan hippy carp good day 
0.6463721
crap

= = could you please check an ip address ? = = we have a relatively new user named {{ vandal|nopuzzlestranger ]] who is evincing disruptive behavior in a rather familiar manner . since lir used to edit as pizzapuzzle , i'm wondering about nopuzzlestranger's name and if it's a reference . can you check to see if this user is lir ?
0.07454303
could you please check an ip address we have a relatively new user named vandalnopuzzlestranger who is evincing disruptive behaivor in a rather familiar manner since lir used to edit as pizzapuzzle im wondering about nopuzzlestrangers name and if its a reference can you check to see if this user is lir 
0.05759778
behavior

= = user pages = = hello , and welcome . comments for users belong on talk pages . you can find this page by clicking the discussion tab while viewing the user page . feel free to ask me if you have any questions . —
0.013115721
user pages hello and welcome comments for users belong on talk pages you can find this page by clicking the discussion tba while viewing the user page feel free to ask me if you have any questions — 
0.010896021
tab

: i've no strong feelings either way about splitting the early history section . the geog , politics , and wildlife sections are good . wildlife should probably be renamed flora and fauna ( see south africa and australia ) , shortened , and made broader in scope . the full length version of wildlife could go in a separate articles - ' fauna in the drc ' and ' flora in the drc'-
0.010707084
ive no strong feelings either way about splitting the early history section the geog politics and wildlife sections rae good wildlife should probably be renamed flora and fauna see south africa and australia shortened and made broader in scope the full length version of wildlife could go in a separate articles fauna in the drc and flora in the drc 
0.008878607
are

= = master obsolete ? = = more recently is was used as a title for boys and unmarried men , but it is now almost entirely obselete . is this really true ? all the mail i recieved as a boy was addressed to master ..... , and i'm only 19 .
0.051277462
master obsolete more recently is was used as a title for boys and unmarried men but it is now almost entirely obselete is this really true all the mail i received as a boy was addressed to master and im only 19 
0.02521729
recieved

thanks for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and has been removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks . ]]
0.013618874
thanks for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and has been removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would liek to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks 
0.013088408
like

* well , there's one other problem . the inserted material said , we have done our own research . in other words , this is original research .
0.030382566
well theres one other problem the inserted material said we have done our own research in other words this si original research 
0.029499333
is

:::: wow , i am utterly humbled by your amazing condescension
0.20881014
wow i am utterly humbled by your amazing condescesnion 
0.19133957
condescension

rich lowry or abc doesn't have to confirm she wrote the letter because she herself said she wrote a letter to abc . she never said the attributed comments about israel however . let me ask a simple question : what is the source of the letter with the added israeli comments ? the best i can find is a random usenet post . if i wanted to smear her , i could take the transcript from one of her speeches , change a few words around and post it . not that i disagree with the made-up statement by her , but the point is she never made it , we have her denying it , and the source of the rumour is unknown , the best source is some anonymous person in thailand .
0.028655922
rich lowry or abc doesnt have to confirm she wrote the letter because she herself said she wrote a letter to abc she never said the attributed comments about israel however let me ask a simple question what i s the source of the letter with the added israeli comments the best i can find si a random usenet post if i wanted to smear her i could take the transcript from one of her speeches change a few words around and post it not that i disagree with the madeup statement by her but the point ivs she never made it we have her denying it and the source of the rumour i s unknown the best source si some anonymous person in thailand 
0.02341144
is

= = david = = why are you such a bitch ?
0.94893456
david why are you such a ibtch 
0.38852584
bitch

** ya know , you keep coming up with this ' making statements without backing them up , but it is right there in black and white . is that the best you've got ?? my position on the kidman pic is quite explicit and if you view my contribs you would see this . i figure you either have a hard time reading , or you just don't get it . i did like your contribution on the term pussy though . it seems you know your field and your concept of editing with content in the proper context does have its uses . why don't you come up with something other than its ' informative ' because i like to look at nude photos .
0.41745266
ya know you keep coming up with this making statements without backing them up but it is right there in black and white is that the best youve got my position on the kidman pic is quite explicit and if you view my contribs you would see this i figure you either have a hard time reading or you just dont get it i did like your contribution on the term psusy though it seems you know your field and your concept of editing with content in the proper context does have its uses why dont you come up with something other than its informative because i like to look at nude photos 
0.19823496
pussy

