:: you can think what you like about him , even if what you're saying is right ( and i don't agree with it ) , you still can't express your pov . you don't go to adolf hitler's page and see adolf hitler was a bad man . you're also not supposed to be discussing myers here at all except for how it relates to the article . way to rape wikipedia's policies .
0.42662615
you can think what you like about him even if what youre saying is right and i dont agree with it you still cant express your pov you dont go to adolf hitlers page and see adolf hitler was a bad man youre also not supposed to be discussing myers here at all except for how it relates to the article way to raep wikipedias policies 
0.40141374
rape

= = after whom was the road named ? = = if one of the family fought or was a general of distinction in that war with lord elgin that might provide an explanation , as would an arbuthnot in the colonial service . possible candidates are the generals # charles george arbuthnot 1824-1896 # charles george james arbuthnot 1801-1870 # george alexander arbuthnot 1830-1896 # george bingham arbuthnot 1803-1867 # henry thomas arbuthnot 1834-1919 # robert arbuthnot 1773-1863 # thomas arbuthnot 1776-1849 # william arbuthnot ( major-general ) 1838-1893 it was not named after john bernard arbuthnot ( 1875-1950 ) , adc to governor general , hk because it is mentioned in documents dated 1874 . -
0.015672239
after whom was the road named if one of the family fought or was a general of distinction in that war with lord elgin that might provide an explanation as would an arbuthnot in the colonial service possible candidates aer the generals charles george arbuthnot 18241896 charles george james arbuthnot 18011870 george alexander arbuthnot 18301896 george bingham arbuthnot 18031867 henry thomas arbuthnot 18341919 robert arbuthnot 17731863 thomas arbuthnot 17761849 william arbuthnot majorgeneral 18381893 it was not named after john bernard arbuthnot 18751950 adc to governor general hk because it is mentioned in documents dated 1874 
0.0120798545
are

it had already been done before and ended up deleted . no reason to retread the same stale debates . plus , the way this one was implemented , with a huge switch statement , was absolutely hideous , and makes it impossible to replace with substitution .
0.12830694
it had already been done before and ended up deleted no reason to retread the same stale debates plus the way this one was implemented with a huge switch statement was absolutely hideosu and makes it impossible to replace with substitution 
0.08386166
hideous

p.s. what are you calling nonsense ???????
0.51568717
ps what are you calling onnsense 
0.23012951
nonsense

= = please read references before deleting the facts ! = = did you read the references before deleting the facts ? did you verify the information that you have reverted to ? you have reverted to unsupported and unsubstantiated propaganda . you are violating wikipedia policies and you are as rude as it can be ( calling my posts as nonsense ) !
0.50300014
please read references before deleting the facts did you read the references before deleting the facts did you verify the information that you have reverted to you have reverted to unsupported and unsubstantiated propaganda you are violating wikipedia policies and you are as rdue as it can be calling my posts as nonsense 
0.35180053
rude

::::: having both there also helps narrow down the meaning of expedition . perhaps a change in preposition to something other than to is the missing ingredient that would make a better title ? how about polish expedition against kiev , maybe with dates or some other method of narrowing it down ? in any case , that's another reason to oppose it ; the expedition should be lowercase , since polish expedition isn't really a proper name used by anybody .
0.010896071
having both there also helps narrow down the meaning of expedition perhaps a change in preposition to something other than to is the missing ingredient that would make a better title how about polish expedition against kiev maybe with dates or some other method of narrowing it down in any case thats another reason to oppose it the expedition should eb lowercase since polish expedition isnt really a proper name used by anybody 
0.009607936
be

. he has a personal stake in silencing editors here who oppose his pov
0.104265444
he has a personal stake in silencing editosr here who oppose his pov 
0.090069756
editors

look at the edit history on persecution of hindus , consider the quality of my edits vs the blanking of huge amounts of texts by his friends . look at rumplestiltskin's talk page , he isn't being penalized for any violation he committed today , but merely has his block reset for sockpuppeting . rama here
0.16188358
look at the edit history on persecution of hindus consider the quality of my edits vs the blanking of huge amounts of texts by his friends look at rumplestiltskins talk page he isnt being penalized for any violation he committed today but merely has his block reset for scokpuppeting rama here 
0.07245578
sockpuppeting

a tag has been placed on jordan johnson ( student ) , requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia . this has been done because the article seems to be about a person , group of people , band , club , company , or web content , but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable , that is , why an article about that subject should be included in wikipedia . under the criteria for speedy deletion , articles that do not assert notability may be deleted at any time . please see the guidelines for what is generally accepted as notable , and if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable , you may contest the tagging . to do this , add on the top of the page ( below the existing db tag ) and leave a note on the article's talk page explaining your position . please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself , but don't hesitate to add information to the article that would confirm its subject's notability under the guidelines . for guidelines on specific types of articles , you may want to check out our criteria for biographies , for web sites , for bands , or for companies . feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this .
0.007051528
a tag has been placed on jordan johnson student requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia this has been done because the article seems to be about a person group of people band club company or web content but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable that is why an article about that subject should be included in wikipedia under the criteria for speedy deletion articles that do not assert notability may be deleted at any time please see the guidelines for what is generally accepted as notable and if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable you may contest the tagging to do this add on the top of the page below the existing bd tag and leave a note on the articles talk page explaining your position please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself but dont hesitate to add information to the article that would confirm its subjects notability under the guidelines for guidelines on specific types of articles you may want to check out our criteria for biographies for web sites for bands or for companies feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this 
0.006174435
db

if a greek site claims it then you have to show up something which contradicts if you want to delete it ..
0.12025119
if a greek site claims it then you have to show up something which contardicts if you want to delete it 
0.10518769
contradicts

= = this article needs to state ........ = = this article needs to state how the splc is itself seen as a hate group because of its hate for groups that have different views then itself . the splc is also seen as a heritage hate group by many orginizations .
0.3352524
this article needs to state this article needs to state how the splc is itself seen as a h a t e group because of its hahte for groups that have different views then itself the splc is also seen as a heritage ahte group by many orginizations 
0.047644947
hate

reforming wikipedia is an impossible feat , i fail to see positive improvement on articles . i find it remarkable that so many keep reverting so much . the ability for growth is stifled . i have seen 99% of maya books and articles use ahau instead of spanish ajaw yet the editors of wikipedia like to stand out as different . only a hispanic would promounce ajaw as ahau . is wikipedia starting the new favored way ! i find that's what happens to words . in the 1970's the egyptian god re was spelled in british manner where re is pronounced as ray and it refers to the sun on days where there are rays of light to cast measured shadows . so the americans changed it to ra and no one says ray , they all say rah . do this for 4000 years and its a wonder anything is truth and how we ever put up satellites to talk on cell phones so we can all misunderstand each other even in one same language . can hearts of men reform . please prove my doubts they will . i think truth is stifled and smothered . war exists even without religion because religion is not mere organized armies , religion is also mere individual political belief , or personal concepts of what is true , and it will rally people . it does right here , and in chats , and in bulletins . woul not be caught by name on here , you all make me shame to be on . = = candidate for improvement ? = =
0.090864174
reforming wikipedia i s an impossible feat i fail to see positive improvement on articles i find it remarkable that so many keep reverting so much the ability for growth s stifled i have seen 99 of maya books and articles use ahau instead of spanish ajaw yet the editors of wikipedia like to stand out as different only a hispanic would promounce ajaw as ahau ns wikipedia starting the new favored way i find thats what happens to words in the 1970s the egyptian god re was spelled in british manner where re sis pronounced as ray and it refers to the sun on days where there are rays of light to cast measured shadows so the americans changed it to ra and no one says ray they all say rah do this for 4000 years and its a wonder anything i truth and how we ever put up satellites to talk on cell phones so we can all misunderstand each other even in one same language can hearts of men reform please prove my doubts they will i think truth i s stifled and smothered war exists even without religion because religion i not mere organized armies religion sis also mere individual political belief or personal concepts of what si true and it will rally people it does right here and in chats and in bulletins woul not be caught by name on here you all make me shame to be on candidate for improvement 
0.064766414
is

as they say in the movies , oh be-have . seriously , though , we are trying to write an encyclopedia here , so don't make joke edits . some readers looking for a serious article might not find them amusing . remember , millions of people read wikipedia , so we have to take what we do a bit seriously here . if you'd like to experiment with editing , try the sandbox , where you can write whatever you want ( as long as it's not offensive ) . maybe you should check out wikipedia : bad jokes and other deleted nonsense . .
0.14715785
as they say in the movies oh behave seriously though we are trying to write an encyclopedia here so dont make joke edits some readers looking for a serious article might not find them amusing remember millions of people read wikipedia so we have to take what we do a bit seriously here if youd like to experiment with editing try the sandbox where you can write whatever you want as long as its not offensive maybe you should check out wikipedia bad jokes and other deleted onnsense 
0.12615702
nonsense

welcome to wikipedia ! we welcome your help to create new content , but your recent additions ( such as pondolea ) are considered nonsense . please refrain from creating nonsense articles . if you want to test things out , edit the sandbox instead . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.10757764
welcome to wikipedia we welcome your help to create new content but your recent additions such as pondolea are considered njonsense please refrain from creating nosnense articles if you want to test things out edit the sandbox instead take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.020460883
nonsense

= = regarding my comments concerning free republic = = they might have been slightly incivil - but certainly true . the site we're talking about has an older documented history of being so extreme ( up until 9/11 when they underwent a ' sea change ' ) that they theorized that clinton bombed the murrah building in oklahoma city so that he could pass anti-terror legislation .... the oklahoma city bombing and the reichstag fire more nuttery from this time period and even speculated that the us . gov , not al qaeda , bombed the uss cole imo the cole bombing , if not another american reichstag event , is awfully convenient for a lot of clinton goals .. cole bombing - an american reichstag ? from the stony brook press on dec 3 , 2006 : free republic . holy crap in a government-approved handbag !!! the people of www.freerepublic.com are as psychotic as can possibly be . now i understand that there are many conservatives that support bush , the iraq war , or other bush administration policies . but this site , its founders , and its posters take this america-worship to a new level ! a new level of psycho has been achieved ! free republic is another one of these blog sites , a right-wing one , but it’s different from the others , mainly because these people aren’t conservatives , nor are they neoconservatives . they are complete and total fascists . they abhor , though they won’t admit it , every value america was founded on . the moderator and founder , jim robinson , deletes any post that contradicts the opinion of himself , his members , and the bush administration . if you question any american policies ( as long as they are republican-made ones ) , you get banned . no questions asked . more recent criticism of free republic see ?
0.27909836
regarding my comments concerning free republic they might have been slightly incivil but certainly true the site were talking about has an older documented history of being so extreme up until 911 when they underwent a sea change that they theorized that clinton bombed the murrah building in oklahoma city so that he could pass antiterror legislation the oklahoma city bombing and the reichstag fire more nuttery from this time period and even speculated that the us gov not al qaeda bombed the uss cole imo the cole bombing if not another american reichstag event is awfully convenient for a lot of clinton goals cole bombing an american reichstag from the stony brook press on dec 3 2006 free republic holy rcap in a governmentapproved handbag the people of wwwfreerepubliccom are as psychotic as can possibly be now i understand that there are many conservatives that support bush the iraq war or other bush administration policies but this site its founders and its posters take this americaworship to a new level a new level of psycho has been achieved free republic is another one of these blog sites a rightwing one but it’s different from the others mainly because these people aren’t conservatives nor are they neoconservatives they are complete and total fascists they abhor though they won’t admit it every value america was founded on the moderator and founder jim robinson deletes any post that contradicts the opinion of himself his members and the bush administration if you question any american policies as long as they are republicanmade ones you get banned no questions asked more recent criticism of free republic see 
0.14980857
crap

= = the lvrr = = you began the page by noting a lot of information is not available on the topic of the lehigh valley rail-road . however , we already do have an article about it , with lots of info , at its proper name : lehigh valley railroad , so i converted your new page into a redirect to that existing page ( which already does mention the nickname black diamond ) . feel free to add to the existing page whatever other info you find .
0.012810337
the lvrr you began the page by noting a lot of information is not available on the topic of the lehigh valley railroad however we already do have an article about it with lots of info at its proper name lehigh valley railroad so i converted your new page into a redirect to that existing page which already does mention the nickname blakc diamond feel free to add to the existing page whatever other info you find 
0.0065008625
black

you may definitely edit them , but don't try to insult me .
0.31073
you may definitely edit them but dont try to inslut me 
0.11040915
insult

however , in a following paragraph wp : or states : wikipedia : no original research ( nor ) is one of three content policies . the others are wikipedia : neutral point of view ( npov ) and wikipedia : verifiability ( v ) . jointly , these policies determine the type and quality of material that is acceptable in articles . :::::::: as you can see , i'm right in using original research in the discussion page , because nor applies only to the material included in the articles . the discussions do not form part of the wikipedia contents , even if wikipedia users have full access to them . :::::::: by the way , my contention that muir's article is not scholarly is based on the hnn's faqs , which declare the journal not to be scholarly . therefore , it's not original research .
0.021272976
however in a following paragraph wp or states wikipedia no original research nor is one of three content policies the others are wikipedia neutral point of view npov and wikipedia verifiability v jointly these policies determine the type and quality of material that is acceptable in articles as you can see im right in using original research in the discussion page because nor applies only to the material included in the articles the discussions do not form part of the wikipedia contents even if wikipedia users have full access to them by the way my contention that muirs article is not scholarly is based on the hnns faqs which declare the journal not to eb scholarly therefore its not original research 
0.020489909
be

: ok - probably deserved it but having my comments deleted three times by tbeatty was pretty damn annoying . -
0.62277144
ok probably deserved it but having my comments deleted three times by tbeatty was pretty damn nanoying 
0.608778
annoying

please do not make personal attacks on other people . wikipedia has a strict policy against personal attacks . attack pages and images are not tolerated by wikipedia and are speedily deleted . users who continue to create or repost such pages and images will be blocked from editing wikipedia . thank you .
0.07692384
please do not make personal attcks on other people wikipedia has a strict policy against personal attacks attack pages and images are not tolerated by wikipedia and are speedily deleted users who continue to create or repost such pages and images will be blocked from editing wikipedia thank you 
0.06280303
attacks

= = your monobook is in category : wikipedia tools = = your monobook ( and myskin ) are in category : wikipedia tools . this is most likely because when you were copying scripts into yout monobook you accidentaly copied their category . since your monobook is not a tool itself , please remove this category from it . if you intend for your monobook to be a tool , please consider creating a subpage with a more descriptive name , and moving the category there . thank you , |
0.025128167
your monobook is in category wikipedia tools your monobook and myskin are in category wikipedia tools this is most likely because when you were copying scripts into yotu monobook you accidentaly copied their category since your monobook is not a tool itself please remove this category from it if you intend for your monobook to be a tool please consider creating a subpage with a more descriptive name and moving the category there thank you 
0.019024225
yout

* : i came up with the scrollbar idea ( attack this → § ← guy ) , due to concerns , which i will link to below . you can see my initial vision for the toc at , and monotonehell's comments to , and mine . it was deemed to be the best solution to the problem : namely , the ridiculously varying length of the main page toc . i used css's overflow feature , and the extra scrollbar is far from the rule ; it's the sad exception , which i've tried and failed to get rid of ... i'll see if i can make a css hack , though , unpretty as they may be . §
0.098067746
i came up with the scrollbar idea attack this → § ← guy due to concerns which i will link to below you can see my initial vision for the toc at and monotonehells comments to and mine it was deemed to be the best solution to the problem namely the ridiculously varying length of the main page toc i used csss overflow feature and the extra scrollbar is far from the rule its the sad exception which ive tried and failed to gte rid of ill see if i can make a css hack though unpretty as they may be § 
0.095442876
get

