die i just wanted to tell you that i hate you , and i fucked your mother . she told me about how you ass-raped her , and i do not approve . however , due to your homosexual tendansies , ill let it slide . this time . now , onto more pressing matters . why did u block lcis ip adress ? i mean do you have such a small penis that you have to compensate that badly ? well , im sure you have some little boys to touch , just like a roman catholic priest . well , thats all i have to say . goodbye
0.91709137
die i just wanted to tell you that i hate you and i ufcked your mother she told me about how you assraped her and i do not approve however due to your homosexual tendansies ill let it slide this time now onto more pressing matters why did u block lcis ip adress i mean do you have such a small penis that you have to compensate that badly well im sure you have some little boys to touch just like a roman catholic priest well thats all i have to say goodbye 
0.8105856
fucked

unlike this page rajinikanth which is sheer idoatry ! citations are not needed for things that are plain common knowledge in the coromandel coast
0.13219965
unlike this page rajinikanth which is seher idoatry citations are not needed for things that are plain common knowledge in the coromandel coast 
0.06580298
sheer

, 13 april 2006 ( utc ) : hi heah , : thanks for your reply . first , i wrongly assumed that jossi had started the deletions . he just joined in and was the one who reported me for reverting . i didn't know that there was an edit log that tracked all activity but someone showed me afterward . i still maintain , however , that these deletions were indeed acts of vandalism . they weren't corroborative edits , that's for sure . they were , as i said , wholesale , repeated deletions of original text . you speculate that the problem might have been my lack of citations but , in this case , i can assure you that's not the problem . jossi's full aware of the fact that both geaves ' comments and rawat's own contradictory words ( in his letter inviting his followers to the millenium festival ) are proven and accurate . here's a link to the geaves ' article : : : footnote 5 is the one where geaves ' relieves rawat of any knowledge or responsibility for the millenium hype . : and here's a link to the letter rawat himself wrote which clearly puts the lie to geaves ' revisionism : : : the wiki rule about vandalism states that most is dealt with by fast reversions . however , it doesn't say that persistent efforts in this regard may nonetheless violate the three-reversion rule and trigger blocking ! it does seem a little kafak-esque , don't you think ? : finally , on the more general complaint i have about jossi fresco , i do invite you to take some time , if you would , and review his editing of the rawat articles . he is a paid web guy for a person who is most certainly a cult leader , a man who still has many , many followers who believe that he is god in human form . jossi is adept at using wikipedia to ensure that the articles never truly capture the story of the man . the fact that he's a wikipedia administrator is worrying , in my opinion . 18:13
0.069271564
13 april 2006 utc hi heah thanks for your reply first i wrongly assumed that jossi had started the deletions he just joined in and was the one who reported me for reverting i didnt know that there was an edit log that tracked all activity but someone showed me afterward i still maintain however that these deletions were indeed acts of vandalism they werent corroborative edits thats for sure they were as i said wholesale repeated deletions of original text you speculate that the problem might have been my lack of citations but in this case i can assure you thats not the problem jossis full aware of the fact that both geaves comments and rawats own contradictory words in his letter inviting his followers to the millenium festival are proven and accurate heres a link to the geaves article footnote 5 is the one where geaves relieves rawat of any knowledge or responsibility for the millenium hype and heres a link to the letter rawat himself wrote which clearly puts the lie to geaves revisionism the wiki rule about vandalism states that most is dealt with by fast reversions however it doesnt say that persistent efforts in this regard may nonetheless violate the threereversion rule and trigger blocking it does seem a little kafakesque dont you think finally on the more general complaint i have about jossi fresco i do invite you to take some time if you would and review his editing of the rawat articles he is a paid web guy for a person who is most certainly a clut leader a man who still has many many followers who believe that he is god in human form jossi is adept at using wikipedia to ensure that the articles never truly capture the story of the man the fact that hes a wikipedia administrator is worrying in my opinion 1813 
0.056459405
cult

belated congratulations on your rfa ! sorry it wasn't on my watch . i knew when you came up again the support would be overwhelming . considering your user name , you might enjoy my ode to a misunderstood clown on my user page . congrats again and cheers !
0.14664052
belated congratulations on your rfa sorry it wasnt on my watch i knew when you came up again the support would be overwhelming considering your user name you might enjoy my ode to a misunderstood lcown on my user page congrats again and cheers 
0.023318944
clown

= = you are a no good phoney = = all your articles are covert pro-israeli pov . those editors are 100% right . i see your edits and your lies and i am going to report you . just to let you know israel has a worst human rights record than iran . israel is an illicit state and the founders of israel are terrorists . when asked about israel , retired british servicemen said they wish they killed the israelis ... by the way the founders of israel waged terrorist campaigns against the british , civilians too . why don't you go edit those articles and make the world know about what israel is trying to hide .
0.5943162
you are a no good phoney all your articles are covert proisraeli pov those editors are 100 right i see your edits and your lies and i am going to report you just to let you know israel has a owrst human rights record than iran israel is an illicit state and the founders of israel are terrorists when asked about israel retired british servicemen said they wish they killed the israelis by the way the founders of israel waged terrorist campaigns against the british civilians too why dont you go edit those articles and make the world know about what israel is trying to hide 
0.5396881
worst

= = superdeng = = do something about him . he constantly blames me of vandalism , even though i have not done such . see the current version of the battle of budapest article . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_budapest .... .... and my previus version . http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=battle_of_budapest&oldid;=48401057
0.18140881
superdeng do something about him he constantly blames me of vandailsm even though i have not done such see the current version of the battle of budapest article httpenwikipediaorgwikibattleofbudapest and my previus version httpenwikipediaorgwindexphptitlebattleofbudapestoldid48401057 
0.10496979
vandalism

= = veritas ( that's latin for truth boys and girls ) = = before the next one of you redneck fuckwits ' corrects ' my inclusion of fair and informative photographs ( most of which were taken by members of the us military , all of which have endlessly appeared in international news media , and none of which anyone is claiming to be fake - correct me if i'm wrong on this-) , answer me the following : if the wings sheared off on impact , where are they in the photographs ? ( and if anybody starts talking about airliner ' vaporisation ' on here , then wikipedia is already worthless and i am wasting my time . its like a film trailer : from the people who brought you the magic bullet and wmds , comes a story beyond all rationality . ) if the plane hit the ground before impact , why is the lawn unmarked ? a 757 impact is either : ( a ) strong enough to bring down a steel reinforced world trade centre or : ( b ) not even strong enough to create more than a 9 metre hole in three concrete sections of the pentagon . ( i'll give you a clue , both these things cannot be true ) but go on , dismiss me as a nutcase , censor me in the name of free speech , live in your safe little world , and bomb iran for more oil . the first thing hitler did when he gained power was firebomb the riechstag and blame it on the jews . you fucking morons .
0.81382847
veritas thats latin for truth boys and girls before the next one of you redneck fuckwits corrects my inclusion of fair and informative photographs most of which were taken by members of the us military all of which have endlessly appeared in international news media and none of which anyone is claiming to be fake correct me if im wrong on this answer me the following if the wings sheared off on impact where are they in the photographs and if anybody starts talking about airliner vaporisation on here then wikipedia is already worthless and i am wasting my time its like a film trailer from the people who brought you the magic bullet and wmds comes a story beyond all rationality if the plane hit the ground before impact why is the lawn unmarked a 757 impact is either a strong enough to bring down a steel reinforced world trade centre or b not even strong enough to create more than a 9 metre hole in three concrete sections of the pentagon ill give you a clue both these things cannot be true but go on dismiss me as a nutcase censor me in the name of free speech live in your safe little world and bomb iran for more oil the first thing hitler did when he gained power was firebomb the riechstag and blame it on the jesw you fucking morons 
0.7911391
jews

= = mathematicians don't teach/tutor ?? = = why exactly was this removed ? i think of myself as a mathematician , and part of what i do is teach . as well as being a student of mathematics . not saying it is the be all and end all of mathematics ( heck no ! ) , but it certainly is an important aspect of it .
0.105551556
mathematicians dont teachtutor why exactly was this removed i think of myself as a mathematician and part of what i do is teach as well as benig a student of mathematics not saying it is the be all and end all of mathematics heck no but it certainly is an important aspect of it 
0.09409065
being

there was an another easter egg ( or something like that ): if you comleted the bmx level , then at the end the biker fall down from a platform and a volture lands on the side of the platform . probabaly not a true easter egg , but very funny .
0.063014366
there was an another easter qegg or something like that if you comleted the bmx level then at the end the biker fall down from a platform and a volture lands on the side of the platform probabaly not a true easter geg but very funny 
0.043233227
egg

:: by the way , i'm not extremely adamant about that . just take it as my opinion that it was a ( minor ) violation of wp : npov . – = = weasel wording = = : riverside area is referred to as a “ smog belt ” because of its above-average level of air pollution . who refers to it as that ? it should be worded differently in the article . –
0.037361618
by the way im not extremely adamant about that just take it as my opinion that it was a minor violation of wp npov – weasel wording riverside area is referred to as a “ smog belt ” because of its aboveaverage level of air polultion who refers to it as that it should be worded differently in the article – 
0.016345602
pollution

so are you guys going to do anything about bletch ? or are you going to sit around and hope that i revert him so you can block me as well ?
0.19307603
so are you guys going to do anything about bletch or are you going to sti around and hope that i revert him so you can block me as well 
0.15746875
sit

= = demonising turks = = it is obvious from certain wikipedia articles that many people are using it as a vehicle to demonise turks . wherever possible articles derogatory to these people are being written , media and writings manipulated so that when a search is done of google - only one version - a completely christo-armenia , greek othodox version can be found . it is seems that as in america , armenian and greek lobbying is alive and well here , too . what a shame that jews , who found solace in the turkish ottoman empire , while the rest of europe was have progrom festivals have come on board , too . it seems that all that it needs to get the jew and the gentile on the same wagon , is to beat the tired old donkey issue of the barbarious turk . it wears thin . to be honest , i don't want turkey to join the eu . i want you and teh editors and admin that are like-minded to carry on with your actions . we need to perpetuate the misnomers and misrepresentation of the turks . forget the royal academy's exhibition last year about these people . we need to keep isolating them . because one day you will help in ending your civilisation by cutting such a large chunk of it out . i do hope you get what you deserve .
0.36144638
demonising turks it is obvious from certain wikipedia articles that many people are using it as a vehicle to demonise turks wherever possible articles derogatory to these people are being written media and writings manipulated so that when a search is done of google only one version a completely christoarmenia greek othodox version can be found it is seems that as in america armenian and greek lobbying is alive and well here too what a shame that jews who found solace in the turkish ottoman empire while the rest of europe was have progrom festivals have come on board too it seems that all that it needs to get the jew and the gentile on the same wagon is to beat the tired lod donkey issue of the barbarious turk it wears thin to be honest i dont want turkey to join the eu i want you and teh editors and admin that are likeminded to carry on with your actions we need to perpetuate the misnomers and misrepresentation of the turks forget the royal academys exhibition last year about these people we need to keep isolating them because one day you will help in ending your civilisation by cutting such a large chunk of it out i do hope you get what you deserve 
0.32431176
old

= = foucault's pendulum = = the list was deleted as an experiment to see if anyone actually would notice . apparently someone did . thankyou .
0.016574537
foucaults pendulum the list was edleted as an experiment to see if anyone actually would notice apparently someone did thankyou 
0.0132922
deleted

just dropping in to help you out . your edit to the page thin lizzy are/were reverted following the guidelines set out in wp : cite . you can't/shouldn't add anything that isn't npov or full of weasel words unless you can also provide a link citation to back up the edit . if you have any questions feel free to ask . cheers !
0.06280477
just dropping in to help you out your edit to the page thin lizzy arewere reverted following the guidelines set out in wp cite you cantshouldnt add anything that isnt npov or full of weasle words unless you can also provide a link citation to back up the edit if you have any questions feel free to ask cheers 
0.02380446
weasel

but i am blocked from this ip address , a pc not used by anyone else . this is the message i get when i try to edit : - ' your user name or ip address has been blocked from editing . you were blocked by arwel parry for the following reason ( see our blocking policy ): repeat attack on subject of article ; surreptitious editing of external links to point at attack sites your ip address is 83.138.136.90 . ' i'm not even sure that that is my ip address .
0.08198352
but i am blocked from this ip address a pc not used by anyone else this is the message i get when i try to edit your user name or ip address has been blocked from editing you were blocked by arwel parry for the following reason see our blocking policy repeat ttack on subject of article surreptitious editing of external links to point at tatack sites your ip address is 8313813690 im not even sure that that is my ip address 
0.05667669
attack

: i don't want to start an edit war , so i won't put the bob and larry movie back in just yet , but i believe that there is one fundamental difference between the bob and larry movie and minnesota cuke and the quest for noah's umbrella : we have actual confirmation from several different sites ( just type in the bob and larry movie into googleyou'll get tons of hits ) about the b&l ; movie , but we only have a few hints that tqfnu exists . in fact , we don't even know where that title comes from : it is entirely possible that it was made up by somebody on wikipedia . ( type in minnesota cuke and the quest for noah's umbrella into googleyou'll only get a couple of hits , almost all of them tracing back to this article . ) oh , and the bunch of episodes that i was talking about before were some episodes under episode platform that you deleted . i'm still not sure why they were deleted ( i'm sure you had a good reason , but i just can't figure it out . ) also , you recently deleted bumblyburg superhero 4-pack and complete silly song collection from the list of videos . any reason ? by the way , i don't mean for any of this to sound hostile or angry , i'm just trying to figure out what's going on . -)
0.10733536
i dont want to start an edit war so i wont put the bob and larry movie back in just yet but i believe that there is one fundamental difference between the bob and larry movie and minnesota cuke and the quest for noahs umbrella we have actual confirmation from several different sites just type in the bob and larry movie into googleyoull get tons of hits about the bl movie but we only have a few hints that tqfnu exists in fact we dont even know where that title comes from it is entirely possible that it was made up by somebody on wikipedia type in minnesota cuke and the quest for noahs umbrella into googleyoull only get a couple of hits almost all of them tracing back to this article oh and the bunch of episodes that i was talking about before were some episodes under episode platform that you deleted im still not sure why they were deleted im sure you had a good reason but i just cant figure it out also you recently deleted bumblyburg superhero 4pack and complete islly song collection from the list of videos any reason by the way i dont mean for any of this to sound hostile or angry im just trying to figure out whats going on 
0.058868926
silly

