i'm sorry , but there simply is no credibility to any of these allegations . the polish workers ' party received only 25% of the seats which was below what the the communists of france received in 1946 . the results of the elections i posted exclusively contain those elections which were free and fair .
0.030890673
im sorry but there simply is no credibility to any of these allegations the polish workers party received only 25 of the seats which was below what the the comumnists of france received in 1946 the results of the elections i posted exclusively contain those elections which were free and fair 
0.015579208
communists

* how about lack of media attention given that it received very little media attention .
0.08655221
how about lakc of media attention given that it received very little media attention 
0.03260824
lack

= = page moves = = this is the second time that you have been warned about page moves creating double redirects . please pay attention to what you are doing and clean up after yourself . it is annoying enough to have to clean up after vandals without having to clean up after people trying to contribute to the project . the page move screen prompts you with a handy link to check for double redirects because it saves time if you do this instead of waiting for someone else to clean up your mess . — •
0.13203725
page moves this is the second time that you have been warned about page moves creating double redirects please pay attention to what you are doing and clean up after yourself it is annyoing enough to have to clean up after vandals without having to clean up after people trying to contribute to the project the page move screen prompts you with a handy link to check for double redirects because it saves time if you do this instead of waiting for someone else to clean up your mess — • 
0.08478967
annoying

= = 622 ? = = is there a source for 622 ? it has got to be 624 . : constitution of medina ( date debated ) muhammad : c . 623 great .
0.011326882
622 is there a source for 622 it hsa got to be 624 constitution of medina date debated muhammad c 623 great 
0.0072625093
has

: here we are !!! i was waiting for this kind of xxx comment ( xxx is to spare the appropriate word to qualify supastargirl's comment !! ) . : the articles on wikipedia do not belong anymore to anybody once they are posted !!! it means that anybody can come and modify these articles at will , irrespective of the original persons who posted them . so , your remark supastargirl is not a remark from a star at wikipedia i could say !!! : michaelisgreat = = anymore comments before i close the discussion on this article ? and move on with my life ( that is not fpcused on wasting it trying to write a perfect article (!!!)== once the discussion is over , i will republish the article with the changes i made and we will all have to leave in peace this article if those among you who censored my useful contribution are capable of such a normal behaviour ( i very much doubt it ! ) . michaelisgreat = = i ask tawker to avoid censoring the discussion area by reverting to the previous posting when i made changes . i clearly mentioned the changes i made , openly and there is no justified reasons to revert to the previous posting made on the discussion = = are you now going to censor even the discussion ? if i decide to delete what are perceived as personal attacks , it is my right to do so without having someone like tawker censor this change and revert to the previous posting . is it clear , tawker ? i would not be very proud of behaving the way you have done . i could qualify your behaviour but i will leave it as it is for the time being . i have very little tolerance for your shameful behaviour , tawker . do you get the message ? michaelisgreat
0.2616114
here we are i was waiting for this kind of xxx comment xxx is to spare the appropriate word to qualify supastargirls comment the articles on wikipedia do not belong anymore to anybody once they are posted it means that anybody can come and modify these articles at will irrespective of the original persons who posted them so your remark supastargirl is not a remark from a star at wikipedia i could say michaelisgreat anymore comments before i close the discussion on this article and move on with my life that is not fpcused on wasting it trying to write a perfect article once the discussion is over i will republish the article with the changes i made and we will all have to leave in peace this article if those among you who censored my useful contribution are capable of such a normal behaviour i very much doubt it michaelisgreat i ask tawker to avoid censoring the discussion area by reverting to the previous posting when i made changes i clearly mentioned the changes i made openly and there is no justified reasons to revert to the previous posting made on the discussion are you now going to censor even the discussion if i decide to delete what are perceived as personal attacks it is my right to do so without having someone like tawker censor this change and revert to the previous posting is it clear tawker i would not be very proud of behaving the way you have done i could qualify your behaviour but i will leave it as it is for the time being i have very little tolerance for your shameufl behaviour tawker do you get the message michaelisgreat 
0.124401584
shameful

in the computer history museum video celebrating the pdp-1 restoration , there is a mention of t-square possibly being the first electronic drafting program , and that it used the spacewar ! controllers . spacewar ! apparently first ran in february 1962 . in his mit phd thesis published in 1963 , ivan sutherland explains he completed an early version of sketchpad that could draw parallel and perpendicular lines in november 1961 . sutherland goes on to say , somewhat before my first effort was working , welden clark of bolt , beranek and newman ... showed him a similar program running on a pdp-1 . it would be interesting to know what program that was .
0.014380079
in the computer history museum video celebrating the pdp1 restoration there is a mention of tsquare possibly being the first electronic drafting program and that it used the spacewar controllers spacewar apparently first ran in february 1962 in his mit hpd thesis published in 1963 ivan sutherland explains he completed an early version of sketchpad that could draw parallel and perpendicular lines in november 1961 sutherland goes on to say somewhat before my first effort was working welden clark of bolt beranek and newman showed him a similar program running on a pdp1 it would be interesting to know what program that was 
0.007962544
phd

::: why should anything be said without reliable sources ? and if keeping the can of worms closed means having this article effectively read like an indictment of shariah from the view of a handful of orientalists , opening that can of worms might not be a bad idea . if implicit dhimmi is still part of shariah , does that include prohibiting jews from wearing sandals as the article claims ? i can't help but feel the article is deliberately vague on the distinctions between historical practices and the core rules regarding nonmuslims according to shariah . the article merely highlights the most oppressive of actions and presumes that all the muslim world embraces those policies .
0.05109054
why should anything be said without reliable sources and if keeping the can of korms closed means having this article effectively read like an indictment of shariah from the view of a handful of orientalists opening that can of wroms might not be a bad idea if implicit dhimmi is still part of shariah does that include prohibiting jews from wearing sandals as the article claims i cant help but feel the article is deliberately vague on the distinctions between historical practices and the core rules regarding nonmuslims according to shariah the article merely highlights the most oppressive of actions and presumes that all the muslim world embraces those policies 
0.033422623
worms

i mean , the history of this article is getting ridiculous ! #people argue back and forth , modifying the mumia abu-jamal article #the part on the trial gets really big ; and is moved to it's own page ; with only a summary left #new editors see the summary , and add more of their pov to it #the summary gets expanded again .... this could go on forever . i'm talking to you , steven argue and chainclaw . please respect the way wikipedia works . if you think the section doesn't deserve it's own article ; then discuss that . don't just charge without discussing and recreate the whole section anew out of the summary .
0.27671623
i mean the history of this article si getting ridiculous people argue back and forth modifying the mumia abujamal article the part on the trial gets really big and si moved to its own page with only a summary left new editors see the summary and add more of their pov to it the summary gets expanded again this could go on forever im talking to you steven argue and chainclaw please respect the way wikipedia works if you think the section doesnt deserve its own article then discuss that dont just charge without discussing and recreate the whole section anew out of the summary 
0.24918826
is

* he called an anti-vandalbot a biased pusher of rightwing propaganda , what happened to the days where you actually used believable starwmen ? it used to be an art form for you , now it's just some kind of strange campaign against wikipedia , get over yourself
0.37103072
he called an antivandalbot a biased pushre of rightwing propaganda what happened to the days where you actually used believable starwmen it used to be an art form for you now its just some kind of strange campaign against wikipedia get over yourself 
0.3291775
pusher

harald88 , you are mixing up everything again like an autodidact , and you don't want to listen . you know once again everything in advance and much better than anybody else . what you are stating here , however , is nonsense again . the classical forerunner of srt has been optics of moving bodies , a discipline dealing with the observation of point source from a moving platform , which is governed by bradley's law of velocity aberration . a point source emits spherical waves , not plane waves . in none of the references stated in the nonsensible wikipedia article on the transverse doppler effect , to which you have contributed , a proof is delivered , but it is simply asserted there that the transverse doppler effect has been unknown in classical physics . in dozens of textbooks this nonsense is repeated without proof because authors tend to write off from one another . ' proofs ' of the nonsense are delivered in chapter 11 of j . d . jackson's book on clsssical electrodynamics as well as in a german book on srt by greiner/rafelski who probably have copied the ' deduction ' offered in jackson's book ( who himself probably got that ' deduction ' from somewhere else ) . these ' deductions ' boil down to direct betrayal of naive students , because the students are made to believe that a point source , such as a fixed star , does emit plane waves rather than spherical waves . nobody tells them that the plane wave approximation is only an approximation and that it is , therefore , completely useless to ' prove ' something ia a context of paramount importance . the nonsense of the ' non-existing classical doppler effect ' spreads in the literature since einstein published in 1907 a short note , where he had stated that the transverse doppler effect , which already stark wanted to measure ( why , if it is unknown in classical optics of moving bodies ? ) , is important , but not that it is unknown in classical physics . it apparently has to do with the hystery which seems to capture most people who get in touch with the special relativity nonsense . in reality srt departs from classical optics of moving bodies solely for the case of longitudinal observation . this i was going to demonstrate in the article modern galilean relativity . because of your unprofessional interference with that article i stopped today contributing to it . since you have the big mouth and know everything better , i suggest that you finish the article now .
0.087149404
harald88 you are mixing up everything again like an autodidact and you dont want to listen you know once again everything in advance and much better than anybody else what you are stating here however is nnosense again the classical forerunner of srt has been optics of moving bodies a discipline dealing with the observation of point source from a moving platform which is governed by bradleys law of velocity aberration a point source emits spherical waves not plane waves in none of the references stated in the nonsensible wikipedia article on the transverse doppler effect to which you have contributed a proof is delivered but it is simply asserted there that the transverse doppler effect has been unknown in classical physics in dozens of textbooks this nonrense is repeated without proof because authors tend to write off from one another proofs of the nonsenes are delivered in chapter 11 of j d jacksons book on clsssical electrodynamics as well as in a german book on srt by greinerrafelski who probably have copied the deduction offered in jacksons book who himself probably got that deduction from somewhere else these deductions boil down to direct betrayal of naive students because the students are made to believe that a point source such as a fixed star does emit plane waves rather than spherical waves nobody tells them that the plane wave approximation is only an approximation and that it is therefore completely useless to prove something ia a context of paramount importance the nonsenes of the nonexisting classical doppler effect spreads in the literature since einstein published in 1907 a short note where he had stated that the transverse doppler effect which already stark wanted to measure why if it is unknown in classical optics of moving bodies is important but not that it is unknown in classical physics it apparently has to do with the hystery which seems to capture most people who get in touch with the special relativity nnosense in reality srt departs from classical optics of moving bodies solely for the case of longitudinal observation this i was going to demonstrate in the article modern galilean relativity because of your unprofessional interference with that article i stopped today contributing to it since you have the big mouth and know everything better i suggest that you finish the article now 
0.05415767
nonsense

= = new category : sephardic orthodox rabbis = = hi shuki , you'll be pleased to know that i've created a new , objective category - sephardic orthodox rabbis . unlike many other recently created categories that have been bitterly disputed , this category doesn't rank rabbonim by how frum they are or their political beliefs . in short , it's absolutely impossible to argue why any of the rabbis have been placed in it - because of course they're all sephardi . i hope you like it and that this simplifies matters . many thanks ,
0.08564447
new category sephardic orthodox rabbis hi suhki youll be pleased to know that ive created a new objective category sephardic orthodox rabbis unlike many other recently created categories that have been bitterly disputed this category doesnt rank rabbonim by how frum they are or their political beliefs in short its absolutely impossible to argue why any of the rabbis have been placed in it because of course theyre all sephardi i hope you like it and that this simplifies matters many thanks 
0.06770562
shuki

= = jan kappeyne van de coppello = = you put the template factual accuracy disputed above the jan kappeyne van de coppello article , but you have not explained why . what's wrong with the article ?
0.08152188
jan kappeyne van de coppello you put the template factual accuracy disupted above the jan kappeyne van de coppello article but you have not explained why whats wrong with the article 
0.058017034
disputed

= = = = i find it absolutely hypocritical that you percieve the french contribution to england as one of oppression and nothing else , whilst including the irish whom would object to england in respect to the same percieved issue . you have insulted the irish by not affording them the same position you afford yourself as regards the french . you wholly capitalise on your own fantasies and call anybody else's neutrality to be pov-pushing . you do not believe in seeing that others have equality with your standing , but sure get upset when it is not percieved to have been given you by others . oh how democratic and enlightened such attitudes are . you'd make a fine diplomat ! governmental practices of power delegation vs restriction means nothing in respect to ethnic relations ; they exist irrelevantly . therefore , your arguments are jingoistic and pov supremacism . * i am simply supporting the consensus , which is to only include nations of the british isles . as a matter of fact , i think the germans are a lot closer to us than the french , but someone else has been trying to argue the opposite and at the same time push all sorts of medievalist , aristocratic fantasies . tharkuncoll ** brittany is not a nation of the british isles and hasn't been . you are a teutonicist who revels in the hanoverian age of aristocracy ( ref . http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0669397180/103-8410117-2081445?v=glance&n;=283155 ) . england's identity began with tribes from southern scandinavia , not northwestern germany aka hanover/brunswick-luneburg/westphalia ! you rewrite history to serve your whig history-revisionist political schemes ! i have no aristocratic fantasies , unlike yourself ! you want the celtic nations to assimilate into the english spectrum and c o-o pt their identity , the way the french c o-o pt roman gaul as an identity . oh , the hypocrisy continues ! you hate the mediaeval example , but are ardent defender of the new world order in saying one thing and doing another ! you rewrite history to commit hypocrisy ; condemning the actions of one party towards your percieved polity and then adopting such policies towards other ethnic peoples . mediaeval my arse ; you are guilty of those accusations you level towards the french ! you have no right to talk ! all of these contrivances only serve me satisfaction with the french legacy , because you have rediscovered the wheel and thought it magnificent ! vive la france et d'angleterre! goddamn allemagne et faux royaume de hanovre ! consensus , my arse ! your barbarian heroes had consent of the common irish people ?! propaganda at its finest !
0.4061657
i find it absolutely hypocritical that you percieve the french contribution to england as one of oppression and nothing else whilst including the irish whom would object to england in respect to the same percieved issue you have insulted the irish by not affording them the same position you afford yourself as regards the french you wholly capitalise on your own fantasies and call anybody elses neutrality to be povpushing you do not believe in seeing that others have equality with your standing but sure get upset when it is not percieved to have been given you by others oh how democratic and enlightened such attitudes are youd make a fine diplomat governmental practices of power delegation vs restriction means nothing in respect to ethnic relations they exist irrelevantly therefore your arguments are jingoistic and pov supremacism i am simply supporting the consensus which is to only include nations of the british isles as a matter of fact i think the germans are a lot closer to us than the french but someone else has been trying to argue the opposite and at the same time push all sorts of medievalist aristocratic fantasies tharkuncoll brittany is not a nation of the british isles and hasnt been you are a teutonicist who revels in the hanoverian age of aristocracy ref httpwwwamazoncomgpproduct066939718010384101172081445vglancen283155 englands identity began with tribes from southern scandinavia not northwestern germany aka hanoverbrunswickluneburgwestphalia you rewrite history to serve your whig historyrevisionist political schemes i have no aristocratic fantasies unlike yourself you want the celtic nations to assimilate into the english spectrum and c oo pt their identity the way the french c oo pt roman gaul as an identity oh the hypocrisy continues you hate the mediaeval example but are ardent defender of the new world order in saying one thing and doing another you rewrite history to commit hypocrisy condemning the actions of one party towards your percieved polity and then adopting such policies towards other ethnic peoples mediaeval my asre you are guilty of those accusations you level towards the french you have no right to talk all of these contrivances only serve me satisfaction with the french legacy because you have rediscovered the wheel and thought it magnificent vive la france et dangleterre goddamn allemagne et faux royaume de hanovre consensus my rase your barbarian heroes had consent of the common irish people propaganda at its finest 
0.2597432
arse

= = farley = = doing a spelling check to correct instances of writting , and was unable to work out whether orwell , a feral cat in golden gate park who always is trying to get rich , sometimes by writting vice president dick cheney . means : # ... sometimes by writing to vp ..., or # ... sometimes by taking out a writ against vp ... could you update the article to clarify ?
0.07673088
farley doing a spelling check to correct instances of writting and was unable to work out whether orwell a feral cat in golden gate park who always is trying to get rich sometimes by writting vice president dcik cheney means sometimes by writing to vp or sometimes by taking out a writ against vp could you update the article to clarify 
0.018727997
dick

the ' national ' sign is obsolete and about to be replaced in nsw
0.058722448
the national sign si obsolete and about to be replaced in nsw 
0.040424153
is

the word the does not modify the network abbreviations , but rather the nouns that follow . in other words , it isn't referring to the cbs , but rather the ... comedies , the ... results show , the ... drama . the sentence fragment and fox drama bones is at best awkward english usage without it . so i have put the back where it was .
0.031604074
the word the does not modify the network abbreviations but rather the nouns that follow in other words it isnt referring to the cbs but rather the comedies the results show the drama the sentence fragment and fox drama bones is at best awkwadr english usage without it so i have put the back where it was 
0.025356913
awkward

fyi - terry fox page - i made a revision back to an earlier article that had chopped off a portion of the content - it wasn't about the spelling ! thanks !
0.03348056
fyi terry fox page i made a revision back to an earlier article that had choppde off a portion of the content it wasnt about the spelling thanks 
0.026059972
chopped

the stub says : future chief justice of the united states john marshall successfully represented the successors of fairfax to the title . this is misleading as marshall's client in this case lost and was ordered to convey title to the plaintiff . but the court's recognition that title lay in fairfax resulted in his heirs successfully litigating other cases involving the proprietary .
0.0115137
the stub says future chief justice of the united states john marshall successfully represented the successors of fairfax to the title this is misleaidng as marshalls client in this case lost and was ordered to convey title to the plaintiff but the courts recognition that title lay in fairfax resulted in his heirs successfully litigating other cases involving the proprietary 
0.008726835
misleading

che guevara was the same as adolf hitler , george bush ( not that he ordered the killings of unarmed civilians like che ) , osama bin laden , etc . he killed people through orders and infact this man killed people in person while shouting that he was protecting these people and killing them for their own good . not even adolf hitler claimed to be killing people for their own good . he was a communist and a strong beacon on what communists are really like in power , try to prove me wrong ? how many communist regimes have resulted in the deaths of thousands ? cuba , romania , bulgaria , yugoslavia , poland . millions ? russia , china , vietnam , cambodia . and that doesnt even count the numerous ' revolutionaries ' who fought for their own country while killing it off . dont push this social policy bullshit cause in reality it has no base . compare that death toll to capitalisms shining beacons of the world ; the usa executes an extremely thin ammount of killers compared to this . there is something wrong with being a communist . you leftists complain about capitalist nations ( of which nazi germany wasnt ) abusing the proletariat , take a look at your happy and caring communist nations . every person i know who claims to be a communist is on social welfare , complains about the government who gives them the right to live and wastes hard earned tax dollars in gay cafes discussing poetry and why the government wont allow pink che guevara t-shirts . what the fuck is wrong with this society ? you all claim that jobs hold you down , jobs are the basis of this society functioning . if you pay a doctor the same as what you pay a toilet cleaner there will be no insentive for him to spend years at medical school . you can all go fuck yourselves and die in a gutter .
0.83967066
che guevara was the same as adolf hitler george bush not that he ordered the killings of unarmed civilians like che osama bin laden etc he killed people through orders and infact this man killed people in person while shouting that he was protecting these people and killing them for their own good not even adolf hitler claimed to be killing people for their own good he was a communist and a strong beacon on what communists are really like in power try to prove me wrong how many communist regimes have resulted in the deaths of thousands cuba romania bulgaria yugoslavia poland millions russia china vietnam cambodia and that doesnt even count the numerous revolutionaries who fought for their own country while killing it off dont push this social policy bullshit cause in reality it has no base compare that death toll to capitalisms shining beacons of the world the usa executes an extremely thin ammount of killers compared to this there is something wrong with being a communist you leftists complain about capitalist nations of which nazi germany wasnt abusing the proletariat take a look at your happy and caring communist nations every person i know who claims to be a communist is on social welfare complains about the government who gives them the right to live and wastes hard earned tax dollars in gay cafes discussing poetry and why the government wont allow pink che guevara tshirts what the fuqk is wrong with this society you all claim that jobs hold you down jobs are the basis of this society functioning if you pay a doctor the same as what you pay a toilet cleaner there will be no insentive for him to spend years at medical school you can all go fcuk yourselves and die in a gutter 
0.69436055
fuck

