= = sock puppets , where !? = = sock puppets , where !? i am posting here because a friend of mine e-mailed me about this and i wanted to have a say , which as i understand is fine . i'm sure , since i've been told , that others have been asked to express their views too .
0.22121404
sck puppets where osck puppets where i am posting here because a friend of mine emailed me about this and i wanted to have a say which as i understand is fine im sure since ive been told that others have been asked to express their views too 
0.16116385
sock

= = us emissions description is totally contentless now . = = the us section is total nihil . it is nothing more than a circular self-referencing system of cryptic abbreviations , without absolutely any kind of numerical data to back it up ! i guess you do not understand ? well , based on the wikipedia info a us partial zero emissions vehicle could either be a bicycle ( where the only emission is the cyclist's fart , to be rude ) or a modified hummer h1 suv having an 1000 bhp kenworth truck engine . there is no numerical info on the page to let us decide which is the case . any person could create a system of circularly self-referencing acronyms and abbreviations for emissions categories out of thin air . yet , it would still be zero information content . so either delete the us emissions section or add the numerical data ( how many grams of co2 , nox , sox , unburnt fuel , particle charcoal matter are emitted per distance travelled ) to back up those cryptic pzev and alike codes with verifieable information . look at the euro-x standard descriptions . each one is just a single sentence and it tells us the truth frankly . weight and numbers , nothing else matters . acronyms are pr bullshit and do not belong to an ecyclopaedia . it is a shame us people do not dare to face the polluting nature of their monster cars and try to hide the sad 20mpg reality behind cryptic pzev and similar abbreviations . in europe 65mpg is reality now . regards : tamas feher from hungary e-mail : etomcat@freemail.hu
0.2654408
us emissions description is totally contentless now the us section is total nihil it is nothing more than a circular selfreferencing system of cryptic abbreviations without absolutely any kind of numerical data to back it up i guess you do not understand well based on the wikipedia info a us partial zero emissions vehicle could either be a bicycle where the only emission is the cyclists fart to be rude or a modified hummer h1 suv having an 1000 bhp kenworth truck engine there is no numerical info on the page to let us decide which is the case any person could create a system of circularly selfreferencing acronyms and abbreviations for emissions categories out of thin air yet it would still be zero information content so either delete the us emissions section or add the numerical data how many grams of co2 nox sox unburnt fuel particle charcoal matter arte emitted per distance travelled to back up those cryptic pzev and alike codes with verifieable information look at the eurox standard descriptions each one is just a single sentence and it tells us the truth frankly weight and numbers nothing else matters acronyms aer pr bullshit and do not belong to an ecyclopaedia it is a shame us people do not dare to face the polluting nature of their monster cars and try to hide the sad 20mpg reality behind cryptic pzev and similar abbreviations in europe 65mpg is reality now regards tamas feher from hungary email etomcatfreemailhu 
0.26186514
are

:: these are all out of context . we were in a heated dispute over the actions of the clinton administration and south korea , ** not ** the actions of north korea . i admitted that i'd thought that the sunshine policy was working ; adam obviously considered it appeasement . he called my stance the same as clinton and albright's at the time stalinism , so i engaged in tit-for-tat hyperbole in my edit summaries , comparing his stance ( the same as that of hard-liners in the bush administration ) to another form of tyranny . in retrospect that was unjustified , no matter how i was being treated , but at the same time it is unfair to ignore that my comments were not unprovoked .
0.15891176
these rae all out of context we were in a heated dispute over the actions of the clinton administration and south korea not the actions of north korea i admitted that id thought that the sunshine policy was working adam obviously considered it appeasement he called my stance the same as clinton and albrights at the time stalinism so i engaged in titfortat hyperbole in my edit summaries comparing his stance the same as that of hardliners in the bush administration to another form of tyranny in retrospect that was unjustified no matter how i was being treated but at the same time it is unfair to ignore that my comments were not unprovoked 
0.0494488
are

= = this = = a request has been made on wikipedia for this article to be deleted in accordance with the deletion policy . this request is being discussed to form a consensus whether this is , or could be , an article appropriate for wikipedia . please see this page's entry ''' on the votes for deletion page for details . also see possible outlets for removed articles . if you feel deletion is not justified by wikipedia deletion policy you may vote against its deletion . please do not remove this notice or blank this page while the question is being considered . however , you are welcome to continue editing this article and improve it , especially if you can address the concerns of those who believe the article should be deleted . category : pages on votes for deletion
0.017435059
this a request has been made on wikipedia for this article to be deleted in accordance with the deletion policy this request is being discussed to form a consensus whether this is or could be an article appropriate for wikipedia please see this pages entry on the votes for deletion page for details also see possible outlets for removed articles if you feel deletion is not jusitfied by wikipedia deletion policy you may vote against its deletion please do not remove this notice or blank this page while the question is being considered however you are welcome to continue editing this article and improve it especially if you can address the concerns of those who believe the article should be deleted category pages on votes for deletion 
0.013283165
justified

= = relief society presidents , i/e emma hale smith . = = do you think we should do articles/with appropriate succession boxes on the presidents of the lds relief society ? as a brighamite , i'm unfamiliar with the continuation of the rs organization/function in the other mormon traditions . how are we handling the apostle boxes when apostles created/supported the other traditions ? what do you think ?
0.041401938
relief society presidents ie emma hale smith do you think we should do articleswith appropriate succession boxes on the presidents of the lds relief society as a brighamite im unfamiliar with the continuation of the rs organizationfunction in the other omrmon traditions how are we handling the apostle boxes when apostles createdsupported the other traditions what do you think 
0.037097495
mormon

= = waves of the city ethnic tailfin = = thanks for letting me know that only two registrations apply to this fin and for updating the image description page . best wishes , adrian -
0.009733879
waves of the city ethnic tailfin thanks for letting me konw that only two registrations apply to this fin and for updating the image description page best wishes adrian 
0.006792714
know

where's with pitchforks already ?
0.21832328
wheres with pithcforks already 
0.06437976
pitchforks

= = what the heck are you talking about ? = = if you're going to gripe , at least cite occurances .
0.4188611
what the ehck are you talking about if youre going to gripe at least cite occurances 
0.18711884
heck

according to record , peter was crowned as king of jerusalem only on 5.4.1360 , at st. nicholas cathedral , famagusta . 1360 was after his father's death . this fact supports that peter did not become k of j due to abdication . ( or , he delayed coronation . )
0.019523611
according to record peter was crowned as king of jerusalem only on 541360 at st nicholas cathedral famagusta 1360 was after his fathers daeth this fact supports that peter did not become k of j due to abdication or he delayed coronation 
0.007405033
death

so your initial proposal is something like this : clay products |-ceramic technology | |-pottery |-space age ceramics |-ceramic art | |-hand built |-wheel thrown other areas i've been concerned about : * industrial clay/ceramics products * clay/ceramic techniques and methods * cultural clay/ceramic history * technical clay/ceramic history * clay related tools and ingredients * well known clay artisens and i'm sure there are plenty more . a list of all the existing clay related articles would be a good beginning . comments welcome .
0.00792225
so your initial proposal is something like this clay products ceramic technology pottery space age ceramics ceramic art hand built wheel thrwon other areas ive been concerned about industrial clayceramics products clayceramic techniques and methods cultural clayceramic history technical clayceramic history clay related tools and ingredients well known clay artisens and im sure there are plenty more a list of all the existing clay related articles would be a good beginning comments welcome 
0.0065363846
thrown

** the establishment = vast majority of admins on here , they are not the anti-philadelpia gang , who are , and his minions , , , , , , while all have not made anti-phildelphia edits , basied on my resarch and that of others that these useres are either the same person or or working in coridination with each other , espically in vfd , on pov unsourced edits , to creat general distruption among other things . |
0.13937168
the establishment vast majority of admins on here they are not the antiphiladelpia agng who are and his minions while all have not made antiphildelphia edits basied on my resarch and that of others that these useres are either the same person or or working in coridination with each other espically in vfd on pov unsourced edits to creat general distruption among other things 
0.0793177
gang

:: i appologise , that comment was made by my facile younger brother
0.078573294
i appologise that comment was made by my faciel younger brother 
0.039661344
facile

= = objectivity = = i realize this is a very controversial topic , but this article is simply not objective enough , and simply demonstrates american public opinion . for example , it is commonly accepted outside of the united states that the fourth aircraft was downed by the us military . it is possible that the us media has exercised self-censorship and so the american public doees not have access to this information , but deleting caveats such as the 9/11 commission determined that ... , or putting it under conspiracy theories simply destroys objectivity . could we not have this article explaining that it reflects the 9/11 commission's determinations , and have a prominent link to disputes with the official account ? this would , hopefully , avoid offending people's sensitivity to the subject by keeping controversies off the main page , but also thereby reflecting a wider opinion ?
0.05300009
objectivity i realize this is a very controversial topic but this article is simply not objective enough and simply demonstrates american public opinion for example it is commonly accepted outside of the united states that the fourth aircraft was downed by the us military it is possible that the us media has exercised selfcensorship and so the american public doees not have access to this information but deleting caveats such as the 911 commission determined that or putting it under conspiracy theories simply desrtoys objectivity could we not have this article explaining that it reflects the 911 commissions determinations and have a prominent link to disputes with the official account this would hopefully avoid offending peoples sensitivity to the subject by keeping controversies off the main page but also thereby reflecting a wider opinion 
0.022296853
destroys

anyone here that can't see your obvious jewish and pov bias and kosher pc-censorship , mel , is really not very bright are they ? pov censoring articles in ssee ignorance is some life , eh mel ? lol ! d
0.49082875
anyone here that cant see your obvious jewish and pov bias and kosher pccensorship mel is really not very bright are they pov censoring articles in ssee ignornace is some life eh mel lol d 
0.39179572
ignorance

= = date of birth ? = = booking report shows birthdate of 29 april 1967 and middle name of robert . -
0.012581175
date of brith booking report shows birthdate of 29 april 1967 and middle name of robert 
0.0039167562
birth

