* fanfiction.net's policy change and the effect of the cease & desists sent to german and indian lyric sites should also be noted in conjunction with songfic . i thought so ! so it wasn't specific authors being sued . somebody should seriously edit that section . right now , i have to get ready for bed , so i can't do it , but somebody doesn't , i'll have to ! generally , the providers of content to archive sites aren't the ones who are sued ; it's the archives themselves , first , who get c&d ; letters .
0.039525185
fanfictionnets policy change and the effect of the cease desists sent to german and indian lyric sites should also be noted in conjunction with songfic i thought so so it wasnt specific authors being sud somebody should seriously edit that section right now i have to get ready for bed so i cant do it but somebody doesnt ill have to generally the providers of content to archive sites arent the ones who are used its the archives themselves first who get cd letters 
0.0350559
sued

re efficiency : ' ee ' and ' oo ' are efficient at conveying the pronunciation to the learner , in contrast to the discouraging , confused picture presented by the orthography of your own native tongue . re modernity : you keep banging on about the fact that these spelling innovations owe their origin to the english great vowel shift of about half a millenium ago . who cares ?! surely you are like the oriental who fails to notice that our alphabet is more effective than his , and bangs on instead about an alleged ' debt to rome'! i don't ' ignore that these spellings are typical for english , ' it just doesn't concern me - they are also now typical for manx !
0.14400557
re efficiency ee and oo are efficient at conveying the pronunciation to the learner in contrast to the discouraging confused picture presented by the orthography of your own native tongue re modernity you keep bagning on about the fact that these spelling innovations owe their origin to the english great vowel shift of about half a millenium ago who cares surely you are like the oriental who fails to notice that our alphabet is more effective than his and bangs on instead about an alleged debt to rome i dont ignore that these spellings are typical for english it just doesnt concern me they are also now typical for manx 
0.0807686
banging

= = message = = hi ! man you just provoked me to tell that stupid messages about the holocaust and all the thing . of course the holocaust was a very very said thing . why do you really like to stop other people opinions ? i only told my opinion about the page of iasi . a page about a city must promote that city and not to blame it for the past . i lived in a communist country and i do not like to be stopped to tell my opinion no matter who you are .
0.5078844
message hi man you just provoked me to tell that stupdi messages about the holocaust and all the thing of course the holocaust was a very very said thing why do you really like to stop other people opinions i only told my opinion about the page of iasi a page about a city must promote that city and not to blame it for the past i lived in a communist country and i do not like to be stopped to tell my opinion no matter who you are 
0.20350504
stupid

please do not remove warnings from your talk page or replace them with offensive content . blanking your talk page will not remove the warnings from the page history . if you continue to blank your talk page , you will lose your privilege of editing your talk page . thanks .
0.06634954
please do not remove warnings from your talk page or replace them with offnesive content blanking your talk page will not remove the warnings from the page history if you continue to blank your talk page you will lose your privilege of editing your talk page thanks 
0.061832335
offensive

what's a troll ? somone whose not a lying leftist parasite like you ? always remember . you are not a scientist . you are a public tit science worker . i can see you are not up to coming up with any evidence for your ridiculous level of certitude in these matters . i thought you people had rules against useless idiots like willian insulting people . you want to get rid of some of your dead wood
0.87258744
whats a troll somone whose not a lying leftist paraiste like you always remember you are not a scientist you are a public tit science worker i can see you are not up to coming up with any evidence for your ridiculous level of certitude in these matters i thought you people had rules against useless idiots like willian insulting people you want to get rid of some of your dead wood 
0.8258458
parasite

well that's fine . i'm happy with that . but why is his personal insult of me still there ?
0.21297705
well thats fine im happy with that but why is his personal inslut of me still there 
0.08358344
insult

thanks for pointing out the obvious , the link was already referenced . today i received an e-mail from the managing editor , hinduism today . they gave us permission to copy and paste the article as long as it is referenced . go ahead and make wikipedia a better place and edit as you wish rather than to cyber stalk me . thanks
0.045515187
thanks for pointing out the obvious the link was already referenced today i received an email from the managing editor hinduism today they gave us permission to copy and paste the article as long as it is referenced go ahead and make wikipedia a better place and edit as you wish rather than to cbyer stalk me thanks 
0.03839658
cyber

media : example . oggmedia : example . ogginsert non-formatted text here #redirect insert text = = headline text = = link titlelink titlelink title = = headline text = = italic textbold textlink titlemedia : example . oggmedia : example . oggmedia : example . oggmedia : example . oggmedia : example . oggmedia : example . oggmedia : example . oggmedia : example . ogginsert non-formatted text hereinsert non-formatted text hereinsert non-formatted text hereinsert non-formatted text here #redirect insert text #redirect insert text #redirect insert text #redirect insert text #redirect insert textinsert non-formatted text hereinsert non-formatted text here
0.010682358
media example oggmedia example ogginsert nonformatted text here redirect inskert text headline text link titlelink titlelink title headline text italic textbold textlink titlemedia example oggmedia example oggmedia example oggmedia example oggmedia example oggmedia example oggmedia example oggmedia example ogginsert nonformatted text hereinsert nonformatted text hereinsert nonformatted text hereinsert nonformatted text here redirect insetr text redirect inset text redirect i n s e r t text redirect inrert text redirect insret textinsert nonformatted text hereinsert nonformatted text here 
0.009494328
insert

sorry but your ignorance is no excuse for not putting in notable faculty like allen grossman , a macarthur winner and world-famous poet , who's certainly a lot more notable than campbell , or paul solman , founder of the real paper , editor of mother jones , major correspondent on the jim lehrer news hour . the whole idea of wikipedia is the branching that it makes possible . on your showing nothing could ever get on wikipedia .
0.115740605
sorry but your ginorance is no excuse for not putting in notable faculty like allen grossman a macarthur winner and worldfamous poet whos certainly a lot more notable than campbell or paul solman founder of the real paper editor of mother jones major correspondent on the jim lehrer news hour the whole idea of wikipedia is the branching that it makes possible on your showing nothing could ever get on wikipedia 
0.037457637
ignorance

: hi rizzleboffin . welcome to wikipedia . sure is a good thing to see a competent editor who knows how to ask questions in a civil manner , you should see some of ... i'm getting off track . this is a rather makeshift solution , but putting < br clear = all > ( minus spaces ) before each new headline should work . check the results . |||
0.04280359
hi rizzleboffin welcome to wikipedia sure is a good thing to see a compteent editor who knows how to ask questions in a civil manner you should see some of im getting off track this is a rather makeshift solution but putting br clear all minus spaces before each new headline should work check the results 
0.038961634
competent

( utc ) indeed , cao ang was oldest , but died at wan castle , and cao pi was second oldest and therefore inherited cao cao's land . 17:35 , 19 april 2006
0.024666887
utc indeed cao ang was oldest but deid at wan castle and cao pi was second oldest and therefore inherited cao caos land 1735 19 april 2006 
0.0067789527
died

for a guideline for the page , we have 2 versions currently going around : * encyclopaedia dramatica version : http://www.encyclopediadramatica.com/index.php/the_wikipedia_review * wikinfo version : http://www.wikinfo.org/wiki.php?title=wikipedia_review there should be ample references flying around , in the forum itself ( both the original version and the new version ) so it shouldn't be difficult to make a good article on it .
0.04483415
for a guideline for the page we have 2 versions currently going around encyclopaedia dramatica version httpwwwencyclopediadramaticacomindexphpthewikipediareview wikinfo version httpwwwwikinfoorgwikiphptitlewikipediareview there should e ample references flying around in the forum itself both the original version and the new version so it shouldnt eb difficult to make a good article on it 
0.043088067
be

= = suck my cock motherfuckers = = why don't you fuckin ' loser wikipedia police get a fuckin ' life . instead of wasting your lives on this sorry ass loser site ... why don't u get a life and get laid .
0.9873375
suck my cock omtherfuckers why dont you fuckin loser wikipedia police get a fuckin life instead of wasting your lives on this sorry ass loser site why dont u get a life and get laid 
0.9833468
motherfuckers

