= = eurovelo map image = = g'day quadell . i'm not sure about which category the usage comes under . i looked at the [ map ] and saw the names of the authors but couldn't see a copyright sign . i do know however that the eurovelo people were so happy when i sent them an e-mail to tell them i had made a wikipedia page that they put my name up on their website . now when i do a google search for me name i get that site at the top of the list !!
0.02200906
eurovelo maps image gday quadell im not sure about which category the usage comes under i looked at the mpa and saw the names of the authors but couldnt see a copyright sign i do know however that the eurovelo people were so happy when i sent them an email to tell them i had made a wikipedia page that they put my name up on their website now when i do a google search for me name i get that site at the top of the list 
0.012544649
map

= = ridiculous = = this is ridiculous . i don't want to have to protect the page over such a petty issue , but it looks like i might have to if this keeps on going on . we've had a poll , so far most people want it off , what more do you need to know ? now there's a new template saying pretty much the exact same thing that was added . i think that summed it up well when he/she said : this is a farce . the enduring dispute is whether to have this tag . these reversion wars accomplish absolutely nothing . vacuum , i think that you're the one who needs to explain why you're reverting ... please do so . -|
0.3218538
r i d i c u l o u s this is ridiculuos i dont want to have to protect the page over such a petty issue but it looks like i might have to if this keeps on going on weve had a poll so far most people want it off what more do you need to know now theres a new template saying pretty much the exact same thing that was added i think that summed it up well when heshe said this is a farce the enduring dispute is whether to have this tag these reversion wars accomplish absolutely nothing vacuum i think that youre the one who needs to explain why youre reverting please do so 
0.29105884
ridiculous

well , if the tartan , a sometime student publication of cmu that was disbanded for a year after publishing racist cartoons and spoofs is the source of your information , not the two major dailies in town , then you're on to something ! brilliant expose , editors !
0.14132665
well if the tartan a sometime student publication of cmu that was disbanded for a year after publishing racsit cartoons and spoofs is the source of your information not the two major dailies in town then youre on to something brilliant expose editors 
0.02907135
racist

= = whoa = = you are a bi fat idiot , stop spamming my user space .
0.93606895
whoa you are a bi aft idiot stop spamming my user space 
0.8640341
fat

weight sounds fishy > mk-54 weighed 68 kilograms sixty-eight kilograms is the weight of an average non-obese adult male person . that means 68 kilograms is definitely not man-portable , not even by two soldiers carrying it . maybe you meant 68 pounds ( some 32 kilogramns ) ?
0.07810517
weight sounds fsihy mk54 weighed 68 kilograms sixtyeight kilograms is the weight of an average nonobese adult male person that means 68 kilograms is definitely not manportable not even by two soldiers carrying it maybe you meant 68 pounds some 32 kilogramns 
0.07011725
fishy

i know . i couldn't resist . to your reassurance , though , i am not part of wikipedia's management . i'm just a guy with a mop , and i have yet to make my first controversial block . regarding the park , you know , i meant an actual walk , in an actual park , with trees , so you might cool down a bit . since you might count me as involved now , i will also not block you , in the future , even in the event of your breaking a ruling . feel free to list me together with onegut as another atheist against islam-bashing , though .
0.22382428
i know i couldnt resist to your reassurance though i am not part of wikipedias management im just a guy with a mop and i have yet to make my first controversial block regarding the park you know i meant an actual walk in an actual park with trees so you might cool down a bit since you might count me as involved now i will also not block you in the future even in the event of your breaking a ruling feel free to list me together with onegut as another ahteist against islambashing though 
0.15220639
atheist

= = us emissions description is totally contentless now . = = the us section is total nihil . it is nothing more than a circular self-referencing system of cryptic abbreviations , without absolutely any kind of numerical data to back it up ! i guess you do not understand ? well , based on the wikipedia info a us partial zero emissions vehicle could either be a bicycle ( where the only emission is the cyclist's fart , to be rude ) or a modified hummer h1 suv having an 1000 bhp kenworth truck engine . there is no numerical info on the page to let us decide which is the case . any person could create a system of circularly self-referencing acronyms and abbreviations for emissions categories out of thin air . yet , it would still be zero information content . so either delete the us emissions section or add the numerical data ( how many grams of co2 , nox , sox , unburnt fuel , particle charcoal matter are emitted per distance travelled ) to back up those cryptic pzev and alike codes with verifieable information . look at the euro-x standard descriptions . each one is just a single sentence and it tells us the truth frankly . weight and numbers , nothing else matters . acronyms are pr bullshit and do not belong to an ecyclopaedia . it is a shame us people do not dare to face the polluting nature of their monster cars and try to hide the sad 20mpg reality behind cryptic pzev and similar abbreviations . in europe 65mpg is reality now . regards : tamas feher from hungary etomcat@freemail.hu
0.2676328
us emissions description is totally contentless now the us section is total nihil it is nothing more than a circular selfreferencing system of cryptic abbreviations without absolutely any kind of numerical data to back it up i guess you do not understand well based on the wikipedia info a us partial zero emissions vehicle could either be a bicycle where the only emission is the cyclists fart to be rude or a modified hummer h1 suv having an 1000 bhp kenworth truck engine there is no numerical info on the page to let us decide which is the case any person could create a system of circularly selfreferencing acronyms and abbreviations for emissions categories out of thin air yet it would still be zero information content so either delete the us emissions section or add the numerical data how many grams of co2 nox sox unburnt fuel particle charcoal matter are emitted per distance travelled to back up those cryptic pzev and alike codes with verifieable information look at the eurox standard descriptions each one is just a single sentence and it tells us the truth frankly weight and numbers nothing else matters acronyms are pr blulshit and do not belong to an ecyclopaedia it is a shame us people do not dare to face the polluting nature of their monster cars and try to hide the sad 20mpg reality behind cryptic pzev and similar abbreviations in europe 65mpg is reality now regards tamas feher from hungary etomcatfreemailhu 
0.18228933
bullshit

= = all high watchmaking is mechanical = = rama ( all high watchmaking is mechanical , it's not unusual at all ! ) little expension on the emergency ) i haven't got a model by model comparison here but the tag heuer and omega that i have here are not purely mechanical . so my point was that the thing that distingushes the breitling ( and presumably rolex etc ) from watches that are poularly percieved as high quality consumer watches is the mechanical mechanism .
0.031377714
all high watchmaking si mechanical rama all high watchmaking si mechanical its not unusual at all little expension on the emergency i havent got a model by model comparison here but the tag heuer and omega that i have here are not purely mechanical so my point was that the thing that distingushes the breitling and presumably rolex etc from watches that are poularly percieved as high quality consumer watches si the mechanical mechanism 
0.030517133
is

:: that is why i inserted a caveat that the articles contained counter-factual information on the law , but some other user thought that this was inappropriate . i'm not inclined , though , to completely remove the links : even if those authors did not read the final , officially published text of the law , they may have some interesting point of view . what do you think ?
0.035362676
that is why i inserted a caveat that the articles contained counterfactual information on the law but some other user thought that this was niappropriate im not inclined though to completely remove the links even if those authors did not read the final officially published text of the law they may have some interesting point of view what do you think 
0.02243095
inappropriate

= = unblocking ? = = not to sound ungrateful , but i was wondering why you did indeed unblock me .
0.12990351
unblocking not to sound unrgateful but i was wondering why you did indeed unblock me 
0.054672096
ungrateful

i don't know who the other guy is , but of course i'm the anon guy . the admins ( the real unbiased admins unlike yourself ) told me i ned to reg to be taken seriously with a complaint . the fact that you are much like a nazi ( you seem to think it's your right to spread false truths about the lib party , and your anti-gay adoption and marriage views speak volumes about the type of person you are ) . not to mention you wasted time and effort to get some developer ( who i'm sure shares your bigoted views ) to find something out . seeing as how you're more interested in propaganda than the truth , this post probably won't have a long shelf life . we know you like to spin the truth to ensure yourself and your party are seen in a positive light . i hope mark knows where you stand on these issues . - psych
0.28246778
i dont know who the other guy is but of course im the anon guy the admins the real unbiased admins unlike yourself told me i ned to reg to be taken seriously with a complaint the fact that you are much like a naiz you seem to think its your right to spread false truths about the lib party and your antigay adoption and marriage views speak volumes about the type of person you are not to mention you wasted time and effort to get some developer who im sure shares your bigoted views to find something out seeing as how youre more interested in propaganda than the truth this post probably wont have a long shelf life we know you like to spin the truth to ensure yourself and your party are seen in a positive light i hope mark knows where you stand on these issues psych 
0.26706013
nazi

ok , i think that's a wise decision . if you run afoul of a few people an rfa can turn into an incredible circus that would make one think that the salary must be fabulous ! ) anyway , keep up the great work . |
0.058096923
ok i think thats a wise decision if you run afoul of a few people an rfa can turn into an incredible circsu that would make one think that the salary must be fabulous anyway keep up the great work 
0.03328851
circus

certain none of the responsible people were interested to take credit for those insignificant bridges . the term mukim was certain the malay name for the area smaller than the district level . in malaysia that term is still in used on the maps . for instance there is a place know as senai in the state of johore . on the map it is listed as mukim of senai . the roman numeric standard was an older form of numbering adopted for used by the the british from the latin . for instance i ( one ) to x ( ten ) , v ( five ) and iii(three ) . so when the figure of xviii is exactly 18 by our new standard . therefore the name mukim xviii of ang mo kio signify the area located on the map . presently it not the site of the new town of ang mo kio but just next along side . it was the housing estate built by the united overseas land limited known as faber gardens . this was the kampong area where our old attap dwelling used to stand at no . 126 a lorong kukus . in conclusion i suggest that the name of mukim of ang mo kio is far older than the new town of ang mo kio . it is highly likely than the name was chosen by town builders following that original name on the map .
0.01458689
certain none of the responsible people were interested to take credit for those insignfiicant bridges the term mukim was certain the malay name for the area smaller than the district level in malaysia that term is still in used on the maps for instance there is a place know as senai in the state of johore on the map it is listed as mukim of senai the roman numeric standard was an older form of numbering adopted for used by the the british from the latin for instance i one to x ten v five and iiithree so when the figure of xviii is exactly 18 by our new standard therefore the name mukim xviii of ang mo kio signify the area located on the map presently it not the site of the new town of ang mo kio but just next along side it was the housing estate built by the united overseas land limited known as faber gardens this was the kampong area where our old attap dwelling used to stand at no 126 a lorong kukus in conclusion i suggest that the name of mukim of ang mo kio is far older than the new town of ang mo kio it is highly likely than the name was chosen by town builders following that original name on the map 
0.010081669
insignificant

, discussing sartre and edward said , no doubt ,
0.012749834
discussing sartre and edward said no dobut 
0.012547213
doubt

