books that mention jack sarfatti significantly include = = not a complete list : cosmic trigger by robert anton wilson the star gate conspiracy by pincknett & prince time warps by john gribbon alien intelligence by ... dancing wu li masters by gary zukav [ jack sarfatti ] 12:58 am pct october , 14 , 2005 = =
0.03224283
books that mention jack sarfatti significantly include not a complete list cosmic trigger by robert anton wilson the star gate cosnpiracy by pincknett prince time warps by john gribbon alien intelligence by dancing wu li masters by gary zukav jack sarfatti 1258 am pct october 14 2005 
0.02010754
conspiracy

? but the real question is why is that noteworthy ? is it news ? why don't you also write about how my farts smell ? shall i write about how you pick your nose in public and then eat your bubbkas ? shall i write that you never wipe your arse well enough and that there are always urine stains down your pants and you frequently forget to zip your fly as you eat twinkies ? suppose i write in the article about you that many people think you are a pedophile and in fact there are several demented people on the net who have said that you are a pedophile ? is that not actionable ? this is all hypothetical mr. david e . siegel because in fact i have no evidence at all that you are a pedophile and i am not at all accusing you of being a pedophile right ? this is all an academic exercise to get through your obviously thick skull that me calling you a pedophile , i mean simply reporting that other people have written such lies , would be actionable if i really were to do that on the basis of baseless reports by vicious low-life scumbags who were out to do you harm . you writing that i am a crank etc . is exactly as bad as if i were to falsely accuse you of being a predatory pedophile , which i am not doing of course , simply because i found such trash about you on the usenet groups . capsice
0.7047539
but the real question is why is that noteworthy is it news why dont you also write about how my farts smell shall i write about how you pick your nose in public and then eat your bubbkas shall i write that you never wipe your arse well enough and that there are always urine stains down your pants and you frequently forget to zip your fly as you eat twinkies suppose i write in the article about you that many people think you are a pedophise and in fact there are several demented people on the net who have said that you are a pedophil is that not actionable this is all hypothetical mr david e siegel because in fact i have no evidence at all that you are a p e d o p h i l e and i am not at all accusing you of being a p e d o p h i l e right this is all an academic exercise to get through your obviously thick skull that me calling you a pedophqle i mean simply reporting that other people have written such lies would be actionable if i really were to do that on the basis of baseless reports by vicious lowlife scumbags who were out to do you harm you writing that i am a crank etc is exactly as bad as if i were to falsely accuse you of being a predatory epdophile which i am not doing of course simply because i found such trash about you on the usenet groups capsice 
0.6173672
pedophile

i didn't make this up . you act as if it is my definition . it is not . i went to dictionary.com and wanted to know if it agreed with the only definition you provided . ( not yet another as you might imply . ) the way you want the word to mean doesn't mean that it really does mean only that . you pointed them as disparate and used a dictionary as an authority . i don't believe them to be disparate and other dictionaries show that they are not . -
0.039689768
i didnt make this up you act as if it is my definition it is not i went to dictionarycom and wanted to know if it agreed with the only definition you provided not yet another as you might imply the way you want the word to mean doesnt mean that it really does mean only that you pointed them as disparate and used a dictionary as an authority i dont believe them to eb disparate and other dictionaries show that they are not 
0.03155159
be

upon whose authority can you delete material about you without peer review ? if you dislike the article , then afd it , isn ; t this the process ? jeff
0.15749994
upon whose authority can you delete material about you without peer review if you dilsike the article then afd it isn t this the process jeff 
0.07074392
dislike

you stupid and more liar than me you don't want to understand that i don't lie !!!!!! i took these informations on tarom official website !!! i will not cease because of you and i will write until you gonna be bored !! i'll not renounce for you
0.8872607
you stpuid and more liar than me you dont want to understand that i dont lie i took these informations on tarom official website i will not cease because of you and i will write until you gonna be bored ill not renounce for you 
0.7064983
stupid

= = thanks for your help ! = = but you're still a cunt !
0.78102845
thanks for your help but youre still a cnut 
0.10961636
cunt

= = article deletion = = hellow willmcw in relation to the article day laborers - a law enforcement blog , i do have to agree with you on this one . a person who may have been , or is a law enforcement officer that i had ran into recommended that this article be posted as a public safety article . i travel all over the usa as a prospector and as a metal detecting enthusiast , and as a courtesy , stop by the police precincts and offer my services as a voluntary metal detector recovery technician when such services are needed , such as when a suspect has thrown out metallic evidence , usually a weapon , to avoid prosecution for such things as illegal weapon possession by a felon , murder .
0.10512754
article deletion hellow willmcw in relation to the article day laborers a law enforcement blog i do have to agree with you on this one a person who may have been or is a law enforcement officer that i had ran into recommended that this article be posted as a public safety article i travel all over the usa as a prospector and as a metal detecting enthusiast and as a courtesy stop by the police precincts and offer my services as a voluntary metal detector recovery technician when such services are needed such as when a suspect has thrown out metallic evidence usually a weapon to avoid prosecution for such things as illegal weapon possession by a felon murdre 
0.07488794
murder

i responded . i think the thing is settled soon . there are really much more important issues around ! best regards
0.0068004387
i responded i think the thing si settled soon there are really much more important issues around best regards 
0.0058680386
is

asori refers to assyrian . sooriatsi refers to syrian .
0.033981096
asori refers to assyrian soroiatsi refers to syrian 
0.033015855
sooriatsi

if you feel thatyou have done nothing wrong i want a link that i can report you to a proper athorty you will have no probelm giving me a link if you have done nothing wrong
0.21048503
if you feel thatyou have done nothinjg wrong i want a link that i can report you to a proper athorty you will have no probelm giving me a link if you have done nothnig wrong 
0.20438504
nothing

