= = book club started up = = hi , you requested i message you after setuping up the book club . you an now find the project home at wbc regards , lots of issues | leave me a message
0.043324087
book club started up hi you requested i message you after seutping up the book club you an now find the project home at wbc regards lots of issues leave me a message 
0.037726924
setuping

your vandalism to the matt shirvington article has been reverted . please don't do it again , or you will be banned .
0.23905298
your vandalims to the matt shirvington article has been reverted please dont do it again or you will be banned 
0.20484895
vandalism

what makes you an editor ? why do you use the name of a great dead man ? what is your true name , profession , country ? shamir
0.39241764
what makes you an editor why do you use the name of a great deda man what is your true name profession country shamir 
0.15501848
dead

welcome ! hello , and welcome to wikipedia . thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are a few good links for newcomers : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * editing , policy , conduct , and structure tutorial * picture tutorial * how to write a great article * naming conventions * manual of style * merging , redirecting , and renaming pages * if you're ready for the complete list of wikipedia documentation , there's also wikipedia : topical index . i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! by the way , you can sign your name on talk and vote pages using three tildes , like this : ~~~ . four tildes (~~~~) produces your name and the current date . if you have any questions , see the help pages , add a question to the village pump or ask me on my talk page . again , welcome ! -
0.008313789
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here rae a few good links for newcomers the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page editing policy conduct and structure tutorial picture tutorial how to write a great article naming conventions manual of style merging redirecting and renaming pages if youre ready for the complete list of wikipedia documentation theres also wikipedia topical index i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian by the way you can sign your name on talk and vote pages using three tildes like this four tildes produces your name and the current date if you have any questions see the help pages add a question to the village pump or ask me on my talk page again welcome 
0.0065359417
are

* those numbers are based on an opinion poll ( the questions asked are not available ) . it also defines racial profiling as .... the targeting of individuals and groups by law enforcement officials , even partially , on the basis of race , ethnicity , national origin , or religion , except where there is trustworthy information , relevant to the locality and timeframe , that links persons belonging to one of the aforementioned groups to an identified criminal incident or scheme . the statement you keep reverting says they are stopped due to race alone , not partially . the poll respondants also presumably have no way of knowing why they were stopped by police . a police officer will not pull you over and say do you know why i'm stopping you ? because you're if you want to insert qualifications stating that a disproporionate # of african-americans believe they've been stopped due , in part , to their ethnicity , it is fine with me , but as it is the foundations don't support the strength of the statement . 29 june 2005 22:35 ( utc )
0.07514811
those numbers are based on an opinion poll the questions asked are not available it also defines raical profiling as the targeting of individuals and groups by law enforcement officials even partially on the basis of race ethnicity national origin or religion except where there is trustworthy information relevant to the locality and timeframe that links persons belonging to one of the aforementioned groups to an identified criminal incident or scheme the statement you keep reverting says they are stopped due to race alone not partially the poll respondants also presumably have no way of knowing why they were stopped by police a police officer will not pull you over and say do you know why im stopping you because youre if you want to insert qualifications stating that a disproporionate of africanamericans believe theyve been stopped due in part to their ethnicity it is fine with me but as it is the foundations dont support the strength of the statement 29 june 2005 2235 utc 
0.04737858
racial

* dongs state the location and time , if it is close enough ( note must be in international waters ) i will dispatch you before the halfwit below . * dongs as the coward has deleted my honorable challenge , restate it here : your insipid attempts to delete the l0de radio hour page disgust me , you miserable shell of a half-man . consider yourself formally challenged to an honorable duel in international waters , which i have no doubt you will slink away from like the cowardly reptile you are . without true conviction behind your statements , you do not even deserve to have a tongue , and i yearn for the days of old where speakers of untruth faced searing-tong glossectomy and abacination . your furtive and manaical attempts to discredit those voting to keep exposes you as little more than a drooling ocd-riddled schizophrenic and i heartily encourage you to wash your hands and pick viciously at your many pustules and then wash your hands again until the vicious cycle exposes bare skull . the stove is on . dongs . * dongs response from coward begins : fine , i accept . as challenged party , i have choice of weapons and conditions . i chose pistols , and we will fight at a distance of 15 cm . the fight will tak place in three weeks time 205m off the east coast of newfoundland . acceptable ? 30 june 2005 14:02 ( utc ) response from coward ends . * dongs as you are ignorant of even the most rudimentary conventions of honorable duelling it is my duty to inform you that it is the challenger , not the challenged who determines distance , as stated in rule #16 of the codo duello . you must also elaborate on the pistols to be used , otherwise i will assume any caliber semi-automatic is permissable . as you have chosen the grounds , you are also responsible for providing the boat on which the pistol duel will take place . if you are unable to find a boat with a large enough deck to accomodate an honorable duel ( at least twenty paces of unobstructed space in a corridor ten feet wide ) another option is that two smaller boats may be used , in calm seas . inflatable rafts and non-motorized dingheys are not acceptable . i must commend you on selecting a cowardly weapon which greatly complicates the relatively straightforward process of an at-seas duel , you perfidious poltroon . should you miraculously acquire vertabrae between now and the chosen date , i will gladly agree to a change in weapons , especially to epees . the time is acceptable to me . please note that duels cannot take place within the jurisdiction of canada , and therefore must take place at least 200 nautical miles ( not standard miles ) from the continental margin , to avoid breaking laws which expressly forbid dueling . i await the duel eagerly . please offer my advance condolences to your family members . \ \edit : epee , more like e-peen am i rite gentlemens
0.36537862
dongs state the location and time if it is close enough note must be in international waters i will dispatch you before the halfwit below dongs as the coward has deleted my honorable challenge restate it here your insipid attempts to delete the l0de radio hour page disgust me you miserable shell of a halfman consider yourself formally challenged to an honorable duel in international waters which i have no doubt you will slink away from like the cxwardly reptile you are without true conviction behind your statements you do not even deserve to have a tongue and i yearn for the days of old where speakers of untruth faced searingtong glossectomy and abacination your furtive and manaical attempts to discredit those voting to keep exposes you as little more than a drooling ocdriddled schizophrenic and i heartily encourage you to wash your hands and pick viciously at your many pustules and then wash your hands again until the vicious cycle exposes bare skull the stove is on dongs dongs response from coward begins fine i accept as challenged party i have choice of weapons and conditions i chose pistols and we will fight at a distance of 15 cm the fight will tak place in three weeks time 205m off the east coast of newfoundland acceptable 30 june 2005 1402 utc response from coward ends dongs as you are ignorant of even the most rudimentary conventions of honorable duelling it is my duty to inform you that it is the challenger not the challenged who determines distance as stated in rule 16 of the codo duello you must also elaborate on the pistols to be used otherwise i will assume any caliber semiautomatic is permissable as you have chosen the grounds you are also responsible for providing the boat on which the pistol duel will take place if you are unable to find a boat with a large enough deck to accomodate an honorable duel at least twenty paces of unobstructed space in a corridor ten feet wide another option is that two smaller boats may be used in calm seas inflatable rafts and nonmotorized dingheys are not acceptable i must commend you on selecting a cowarldy weapon which greatly complicates the relatively straightforward process of an atseas duel you perfidious poltroon should you miraculously acquire vertabrae between now and the chosen date i will gladly agree to a change in weapons especially to epees the time is acceptable to me please note that duels cannot take place within the jurisdiction of canada and therefore must take place at least 200 nautical miles not standard miles from the continental margin to avoid breaking laws which expressly forbid dueling i await the duel eagerly please offer my advance condolences to your family members edit epee more like epeen am i rite gentlemens 
0.31182176
cowardly

then why can i still edit ? c'mon ... block me and the other hundreds of people that edit with this ip ... 2 july 2005 16:44 ( utc )
0.08295856
then why can i still edit cmon lbock me and the other hundreds of people that edit with this ip 2 july 2005 1644 utc 
0.028164241
block

= = i am arril mudafaqir ! = = i your new head of government at republic of mosquito ! check you article
0.20201544
i am arril mudafaqir i your new heda of government at republic of mosquito check you article 
0.080403484
head

: lol . ok , i will trust you on this , but i am hoping that he will retract his comment as bulldozer probably already got the idea and that will just cause more controversy . i hope you are both productive editors . thanks . july 3 , 2005 04:44 ( utc )
0.06952649
lol ok i will trust you on this but i am hoping that he will retract his comment as buldlozer probably already got the idea and that will just cause more controversy i hope you are both productive editors thanks july 3 2005 0444 utc 
0.057834562
bulldozer

= = request for mediation = = the following has been inserted into requestd for mediation - please participate by weighing it there . mediation is requested to resolve one question - whether the following sentence can be included in the authoritative voice . however , were similar circumstances to be repeated in america , the scale of the disaster likely would be less — the chernobyl reactors were unstable rbmks , unlike american plants , and the chernobyl reactors did not have containment buildings around them . ] in spite of 4 references which posit this opinion - it remains the opinion of the positors , and is not independantly verifyable . the use of weasel the word likely does not grant immunity from verifiability requirments . as no one has shown how this assertion could be veryfied , it ought to be properly couched and dressed in counterclaims - which have been deleted . my sense is the parties ( 4 ) are all open to mediation . 3 july 2005 18:28 ( utc )
0.03284874
request for mediation the following has been inserted into requestd for mediation please participate by weighing it there mediation is requested to resolve one question whether the following sentence can be included in the authoritative voice however were similar circumstances to be repeated in america the scale of the disaster likely would be less — the chernobyl reactors were unstable rbmks unlike american plants and the chernobyl reactors did not have containment buildings around them in spite of 4 references which posit this opinion it remains the opinion of the positors and is not independantly verifyable the use of wesael the word likely does not grant immunity from verifiability requirments as no one has shown how this assertion could be veryfied it ought to be properly couched and dressed in counterclaims which have been deleted my sense is the parties 4 are all open to mediation 3 july 2005 1828 utc 
0.021922095
weasel

::: i have no idea . are we ? isn't this a disambiguation page/broad overview of an editor ? 3 july 2005 22:05 ( utc )
0.01792212
i have no idea rae we isnt this a disambiguation pagebroad overview of an editor 3 july 2005 2205 utc 
0.01700234
are

eugenics was in any case a grotesque misuse of science ( and promulgation of pseudoscience ) ... international review of psychiatry . the international review of psychiatry is the premier review journal in the field with a truly international authorship and readership . each bimonthly issue is dedicated to a specific theme relevant to psychiatry , edited by recognized experts on the topic , - routeledge : taylor & francis journals online
0.023086775
eugenics was in any case a grtoesque misuse of science and promulgation of pseudoscience international review of psychiatry the international review of psychiatry is the premier review journal in the field with a truly international authorship and readership each bimonthly issue is dedicated to a specific theme relevant to psychiatry edited by recognized experts on the topic routeledge taylor francis journals online 
0.005152684
grotesque

= = thanks for your work on legal research = = i noticed you added the cleanup tag to legal research , and have done some cleanup yourself on it . thanks - i've also done some further cleanup . it's a great and interesting article , but it does need to be hacked apart and reconstructed somewhat to fit the more sparse and simplified style of wikipedia . good luck in your future wikipedia contributions , if you have any questions , feel free to bug me on my talk page . 4 july 2005 09:05 ( utc )
0.017944206
thanks for your work on legal research i noticed you added the cleanup tag to legal research and have done some cleanup yourself on it thanks ive also done some further cleanup its a great and interesting article but it does need to be hakced apart and reconstructed somewhat to fit the more sparse and simplified style of wikipedia good luck in your future wikipedia contributions if you have any questions feel free to bug me on my talk page 4 july 2005 0905 utc 
0.013162916
hacked

= = yuber as a rookie = = i have sat in the background on most of the ongoing disputes involving yuber , but i think fred's analysis is correct . while you're certainly right that removing categories is insufficient evidence of experience , what convinced me was yuber's edit summary for the edit in question . now you have my 2¢ . july 4 , 2005 17:50 ( utc )
0.023932232
yuber as a rookie i have sat in the background on most of the ongoing disputes involving yuber but i think freds analysis es correct while youre certainly right that removing categories si insufficient evidence of experience what convinced me was yubers edit summary for the edit in question now you have my 2¢ july 4 2005 1750 utc 
0.018909613
is

: i think that you're really stretching the definitions of the terms you're using . a top hit is media coverage ? then why does wp : music contain criteria 1 and 4 ? aren't they redundant ? and a book counts as media coverage ? not according to mass media . you're proposed criteria allow articles to be deleted which clearly pass one or more of wp:music's 7 criteria for inclusion ! criteria for speedy deletion need to be more strict than criteria for inclusion . 5 july 2005 13:06 ( utc )
0.053128853
i think that youre really stretching the definitions of the terms youre using a top hit is media coverage then why does wp music contain criteria 1 and 4 arent they redundnat and a book counts as media coverage not according to mass media youre proposed criteria allow articles to be deleted which clearly pass one or more of wpmusics 7 criteria for inclusion criteria for speedy deletion need to be more strict than criteria for inclusion 5 july 2005 1306 utc 
0.040739372
redundant

