your comments on my discussion page are rude , arrogant , bullying and totally inappropriate . napoleon complex is a stub and you might learn something about yourself by improving it , little boy .
0.54810447
your comments on my discussion page are rude arroagnt bullying and totally inappropriate napoleon complex is a stub and you might learn something about yourself by improving it little boy 
0.4468543
arrogant

= reinserting lense-thirring = lense thirring is foundational to a rotating massive aether based geocentric theory . please do not keep removing it .
0.026932128
reinserting lensethirring lense thirring is foundational to a rotating amssive aether based geocentric theory please do not keep removing it 
0.018576108
massive

dec 2004 ( utc ) ** this article has been substantially expanded since being listed on vfd . \]] 18:09 , 16
0.019652197
dec 2004 utc this article hsa been substantially expanded since being listed on vfd 1809 16 
0.0030737796
has

if you think the list of such links on the christianity article ( etc ) are biased , then go fight that battle . don't start sliming other articles in order to make a point .
0.17327994
if you think the list of such links on the christianity article etc are biased then go fight that battle dont start sliimng other articles in order to make a point 
0.09416981
sliming

this article was referenced by the press : * extreme blogging ., matt rand for forbes . part of the best of the web . glowing report , and has this to say about wikipedia : * : we asked frederick allen , managing editor of american heritage [ published by forbes ] , to compare entries from britannica online and the wikipedia . he was skeptical about the wikipedia , but after throwing several queries at the two encyclopedias ( haydn , millard fillmore , warblers ) , he admitted , it looks as if wikipedia's gotten a lot better , more thorough and more accurate . even the wikipedia's james ii of britain article beat britannica in size , reach and outside references . but allen cautioned that there's still the underlying problem that you can't be sure of the accuracy of what it presents , because of the fact that it's open to contributions from the public .
0.015524127
this article was referenced by the press extreme blogging matt rand for forbes part of the best of the web glowing report and has this to say about wikipedia we asked frederick allen managing editor of american heritage published by forbes to compare entries from britannica online and the wikipedia he was skeptical about the wikipedia but after thorwing several queries at the two encyclopedias haydn millard fillmore warblers he admitted it looks as if wikipedias gotten a lot better more thorough and more accurate even the wikipedias james ii of britain article beat britannica in size reach and outside references but allen cautioned that theres still the underlying problem that you cant be sure of the accuracy of what it presents because of the fact that its open to contributions from the public 
0.013844698
throwing

yes , complain to your rabbi and then go shoot some more defenseless arabs to take out your frustration .
0.68073326
yes complain to your rabbi and then og shoot some more defenseless arabs to take out your frustration 
0.67406905
go

but if you are willing to do some research , see if you can dig up the original source and exactly what it said in full .
0.047658864
but if you are willing to do some research see if you can idg up the original source and exactly what it said in full 
0.041865293
dig

= = necessity of npov notice ? = = is it still necessary to have the notice about npov disputes at the head of this page ? it looks perfectly kosher to me . if no one has any objections , i'd just as soon see it removed .
0.026517745
necessity of npov notice is it still necessary to have the notice about npov disputes at the heda of this page it looks perfectly kosher to me if no one has any objections id just as soon see it removed 
0.023095638
head

= = alternative judaism = = zain , i think that alternative judaism is a good place to put the disclaimer about other religious groups that claim they are jews , but i do think it is worth looking at the links a bit further , since i think you might have misread some of them . also , remember that there is a difference between claiming descent from the israelites and actually claiming to be practicing judaism . here are the links you keep using to illustrate your points , and that you added to the article : * anglo-israelism never claimed to be jews , they claim that the english are the descendents of the lost tribes of israelites . nowhere on their site do they claim to be jewish or practicing judaism . i do not think there is a good argument that these people are jews in any way . they can and are identified in the ten lost tribes article . * christian identity weird choice . they hate jews , look at the text of the article , where they explicitly condemn judaism as evil . certainly not an alternative form of judaism , nor are they jews . * talmidaism a subset of christianity , or possibly messianic judaism , which is already in the article . * nazarene a subset of messianic judaism , which is already in the article * messianic judaism already in the article that you edited * judaizing teachers refers to a movement of early christians , not a current group . this is like including jews harp in the list - it is a reference to a historical label , not a religion . * jews for jesus already in the article that you edited * messianic renewed judaism a minor subset of messianic judaism * lost ten tribes not a religion , but another good place to put these sort of links * british-israel-world federation see anglo-israelism i am open to discussion on these , but do read through the article first . do you agree or disagree with these points ? it would be good to get this resolved .
0.20281547
alternative judaism zain i think that alternative judaism is a good place to put the disclaimer about other religious groups that claim they are j e w s but i do think it is worth looking at the links a bit further since i think you might have misread some of them also remember that there is a difference between claiming descent from the israelites and actually claiming to be practicing judaism here are the links you keep using to illustrate your points and that you added to the article angloisraelism never claimed to be j e w s they claim that the english are the descendents of the lost tribes of israelites nowhere on their site do they claim to be jewish or practicing judaism i do not think there is a good argument that these people are jjews in any way they can and are identified in the ten lost tribes article christian identity weird choice they hate jegs look at the text of the article where they explicitly condemn judaism as evil certainly not an alternative form of judaism nor are they j e w s talmidaism a subset of christianity or possibly messianic judaism which is already in the article nazarene a subset of messianic judaism which is already in the article messianic judaism already in the article that you edited judaizing teachers refers to a movement of early christians not a current group this is like including jevws harp in the list it is a reference to a historical label not a religion ejws for jesus already in the article that you edited messianic renewed judaism a minor subset of messianic judaism lost ten tribes not a religion but another good place to put these sort of links britishisraelworld federation see angloisraelism i am open to discussion on these but do read through the article first do you agree or disagree with these points it would be good to get this resolved 
0.11491768
jews

:::: your knowledge of hebrew ? thank god that jossi speaks hebrew , to back you up . and the humanist is a treasure for that as well , isn't it . but to have it look scholarly , it is simply to amateurish .
0.11144749
your knowledge of hebrew thank god that jossi speaks hebrew to back you up and the humanist is a treasure for that as well isnt it but to have it look scholarly it is simply to amatuerish 
0.04947347
amateurish

* delete , local city councils are not inherently encyclopedic .
0.04386664
deltee local city councils are not inherently encyclopedic 
0.040888686
delete

here again the problem is what defintion of race are you referring to and for what population . your last sentence seems to say that the taxonomic and population defintions fail to hold but that the lineage definition is fine . whereas the britannica article says that races do not exist in any biological sense . it is also incorrect to say as britannica does that genetic indicators cannot divide races as we've documented in the wikipedia article they can do so approximately . the britannic article is wrong because it states conclusions that are not supported by the data it goes too far . ::
0.046267215
here again the problem is what defintion of race are you referring to and for what population your last sentence seems to say that the taxonomic and population defintions fail to hold but that the lineage definition is fine whereas the britannica article says that races do not exist in any biological sense it is also incorrect to say as britannica does that genetic indicators cannot divide races as weve documented in the wikipedia article they can do so approximately the britannic article is worng because it states conclusions that are not supported by the data it goes too far 
0.044273745
wrong

= = why did you do st. vincent ? ( shocked ) = = why did you do this page on st. vincent , minnesota ? are you from the area ? i grew up in the town and don't recognize you . it's such a small village in the middle of nowhere that i was flabbergasted to see someone had written it already ....!!
0.1456846
why did you do st vincent shocked why did you do this page on st vincent minnesota are you from the area i grew up in the town and dont recognize you its such a small village in the middle of nowhere that i was flabbergasetd to see someone had written it already 
0.05985284
flabbergasted

