: to anyone possibly influenced by this inappropriate warning , please see my response on the above user's talk page :
0.09745117
to anyone possibly influenced by this inpapropriate warning please see my response on the above users talk page 
0.05813038
inappropriate

= = your edit to green tea = = dear focuset , may i advice you to read wp : el , the links you are adding , and the way you are editing the pages are not neutral ( i suspect the page belongs to yourself ) . please read the pages , thanks ! : please stop adding commercial or personal-website links to wikipedia . it is considered spamming , and wikipedia is not a vehicle for advertising . thanks . ... = = = stop it = = = please do not add commercial links or links to your own private websites to wikipedia . wikipedia is not a vehicle for advertising or a mere collection of external links . you are , however , encouraged to add content instead of links to the encyclopedia . if you feel the link should be added to the article , then please discuss it on the article's talk page rather than re-adding it . see the welcome page to learn more about wikipedia . thank you .
0.028597454
your edit to green tea dear focuset may i advice you to read wp el the links you are adding and the way you are editing the pages are not neutral i suspect the page belongs to yourself please read the pages thanks please stop adding commercial or personalwebsite links to wikipedia it is considered spamimng and wikipedia is not a vehicle for advertising thanks stop it please do not add commercial links or links to your own private websites to wikipedia wikipedia is not a vehicle for advertising or a mere collection of external links you are however encouraged to add content instead of links to the encyclopedia if you feel the link should be added to the article then please discuss it on the articles talk page rather than readding it see the welcome page to learn more about wikipedia thank you 
0.026403839
spamming

:::: regarding the evils and the devils , are you familiar with the word context ?
0.20701854
regarding the evils and the devlis are you familiar with the word context 
0.15558119
devils

screw you to goddamn hippies !! wikipedia sucks !!!! wavegetarian likes little boys !!
0.9763165
screw you to goddamn hippies wikipedia sucsk wavegetarian likes little boys 
0.91649145
sucks

= = supreme court of papua new guinea = = i note that you began this article . however , the sc of png is not actually a separately constituted court : like the full courts of the supreme courts the australian states and formerly of the supreme courts of the canadian provinces ( before the creation of the provincial courts of appeal early in the 20th century ) , it is an ad hoc tribunal consisting of judges of the national court who are empanelled from time to time to hear specific appeals and references . the chief justice and the registrar are of the supreme and national courts ; the puisne justices are not actually referred to as justices of the supreme court . this article should really be renamed supreme and national courts of papua new guinea since discussion of the work of the sc in an article of its own is somewhat artificial given that it is actually an appellate committee . i , alas , don't know how to do this . can you manage it ?
0.01688108
supreme court of papua new guinea i note that you began this article however the sc of png is not actually a separately constituted court like the full courts of the supreme courts the australian states and formerly of the supreme courts of the canadian provinces before the creation of the provincial courts of appeal early in the 20th century it is an ad hoc tribuanl consisting of judges of the national court who are empanelled from time to time to hear specific appeals and references the chief justice and the registrar are of the supreme and national courts the puisne justices are not actually referred to as justices of the supreme court this article should really be renamed supreme and national courts of papua new guinea since discussion of the work of the sc in an article of its own is somewhat artificial given that it is actually an appellate committee i alas dont know how to do this can you manage it 
0.0114344545
tribunal

: i'm a friendly guy . will you invite me along to your afd's ? i loved the yellowcake one aaron .
0.06351137
im a friendly gyu will you invite me along to your afds i loved the yellowcake one aaron 
0.04432035
guy

you animalfucker get a life / chairmanofall
0.82774466
you ainmalfucker get a life chairmanofall 
0.74295574
animalfucker

= = = = tecmobowl has been harassing me and in general has been engaging in vandal like behavior on several baseball related articles . he has been deleteing content from articles , removing warnings from his talk page and claiming he is improving them and generally acting like a troll . given his track record i am firmly convinced he is a vandal . action needs to be taken !
0.3333753
tecmobowl has been harassign me and in general has been engaging in vandal like behavior on several baseball related articles he has been deleteing content from articles removing warnings from his talk page and claiming he is improving them and generally acting like a troll given his track record i am firmly convinced he is a vandal action needs to be taken 
0.21989866
harassing

, and said professor felt that the ( unknown ) details were very shocking
0.0409695
and said professor felt that the unknown details were very sohcking 
0.029465033
shocking

also , i think tommy , as a true believer needs to learn about writing for the enemy .
0.058943283
also i think tommy as a true believer needs to learn about writing for the neemy 
0.043559585
enemy

:: welcome back jayjg , where would the zionist cause me without you ... as usual you rev clearly explained edits to fit your zionist agenda . one day you'll get yours ...
0.42726132
welcome back jayjg where would the zionsit cause me without you as usual you rev clearly explained edits to fit your izonist agenda one day youll get yours 
0.29686177
zionist

: none of the site you give meets wikipedia requirements for references . please see wp :v - the editor wishing to add the material is responsible for supplying a credable reference . in this case , a historical work showing that the symbol was used by the golden dawn and not some successor organization , stella matutina , modern g.d. reconstruction , etc . that is , a book reference , with a page number so other editors can verify it . per wp :v , any editor may remove uncited additions . the burden of proof is on the editor who wishes to make the addition . in any case , it doesn't belong at the top of the article ! —
0.014639953
onne of the site you give meets wikipedia requirements for references please see wp v the editor wishing to add the material is responsible for supplying a credable reference in this case a historical work showing that the symbol was used by the golden dawn and not some successor organization stella matutina modern gd reconstruction etc that is a book reference with a page number so other editors can verify it per wp v any editor may remove uncited additions the burden of proof is on the editor who wishes to make the addition in any case it doesnt belong at the top of the article — 
0.011367532
none

= = your edit to yadier molina = = please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia . _
0.21778871
your edit to yadier molina please stop if you continue to vanadlize pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia 
0.1391182
vandalize

some of the people , places or things you have written about may not be sufficiently well-known to merit articles of their own . the wikipedia community welcomes newcomers , and encourages them to become wikipedians . on wikipedia , all users are entitled to a user page in which they can describe themselves , and this article's content may be incorporated into that page . however , to merit inclusion in the encyclopedia proper , a subject must be notable . we encourage you to write or improve articles on notable subjects .
0.007278351
some of the people places or things you have written about may not be sufficiently wellknown to merit articles of their own the wikipedia community welcomes newcomers and encourages them to become wikipedians on wikipedia all users are entitled to a user page in which they acn describe themselves and this articles content may be incorporated into that page however to merit inclusion in the encyclopedia proper a subject must be notable we encourage you to write or improve articles on notable subjects 
0.007170948
can

