= = what ? = = what did i do ? did i upset your communist feelings ? besides , i thought that you were taking a pussy break .
0.7817823
what what did i do did i upset your communist feelings besides i thought that you were taking a pusys break 
0.43598238
pussy

( deleting information ) and unacceptable on wikipedia ( making hostile edits during a dispute instead of working it out on the talk page and via the process )
0.06296793
deleting information and unacceptable on wikipedia making hostlie edits during a dispute instead of working it out on the talk page and via the process 
0.0440019
hostile

= = haruka's sexuality = = on michiru's page , it says , for her sexual orientation : homosexual or bisexual ( debatable ) . however , it was she who was in love with haruka first ( watch episode : the bond of destiny ! the distant days of uranus for details ) , and yes , haruka is in love with michiru now , but we don't know what her orientation was before she met michiru . i have edited as such . sergeant snopake 12:35 , 09/03/06
0.029833367
harukas sexuality on michirus page it says for her sexaul orientation homosexual or bisexual debatable however it was she who was in love with haruka first watch episode the bond of destiny the distant days of uranus for details and yes haruka is in love with michiru now but we dont know what her orientation was before she met michiru i have edited as such sergeant snopake 1235 090306 
0.0138031
sexual

: yes i see you are making redirects , but they are unecessary , since the only reason to create the re-directed articles is so you can link to them from another page . it would be better to link to the proper , aka real , page . just follow the guidelines when you add your links and you won't need to create the redirected artcles .
0.04656401
yes i see you are making redirects but they are unecessary since the only reason to create the redirected articles si so you can link to them from another page it would be better to link to the proper aka real page just follow the guidelines when you add your links and you wont need to create the redirected artcles 
0.041723292
is

:: here is what i have ; you were blocked by wayward reason given : autoblocked because your ip address has been recently used by sockpuppet001 . the reason given for sockpuppet001's block is : your username has been blocked indefinitely because it is either inappropriate or too similar to an existing username ( see our blocking policy for more information ) . you are encouraged to create a new account and contribute to wikipedia under a more appropriate username , and in a constructive manner . see wikipedia : username for guidance on selecting an appropriate username . you may also edit wikipedia without creating an account . you are not allowed to edit wikipedia under an inappropriate username . if you would like to discuss the block , you may edit your talk page or email the administrator who blocked you . due to wikipedia's mechanism for enforcing name changes , your ip address may be temporarily blocked . unless you have also been engaging in vandalism , we will remove that block as soon as possible — if this doesn't happen within an hour or so , please email an administrator and explain the situation ( see the list of administrators ) .
0.055305358
here is what i have you were blocked by wayward reason given autoblocked because your ip address has been recently used by sockpuppet001 the reason given for sockpuppet001s block is your username has been blocked indefinitely because it is either inappkropriate or too similar to an existing username see our blocking policy for more information you are encouraged to create a new account and contribute to wikipedia under a more appropriate username and in a constructive manner see wikipedia username for guidance on selecting an appropriate username you may also edit wikipedia without creating an account you are not allowed to edit wikipedia under an inaprpopriate username if you would like to discuss the block you may edit your talk page or email the administrator who blocked you due to wikipedias mechanism for enforcing name changes your ip address may be temporarily blocked unless you have also been engaging in vandalism we will remove that block as soon as possible — if this doesnt happen within an hour or so please email an administrator and explain the situation see the list of administrators 
0.054540347
inappropriate

= = = = i just noticed that you unblocked netoholic without letting me know or even noting this on his talk page . please explain how i'm an involved party . my only involvement in this dispute has been to respond to netoholic's flagrant misconduct . i've never edited these templates or their talk pages . please also explain why netoholic's decision to deliberately restore harmful code ( condemned by lead developer brion vibber ) to a namespace from which he's banned , after he was explicitly warned not to do so , does not warrant a block . —
0.12156341
i just noticed that you unblocked netoholic without letting me know or even noting this on his talk page please explain how im an involved party my only involvement in this dispute has been to respond to netoholics flagrant misconduct ive never edited these templates or their talk pages please also explain why netoholics decision to deliberately restore harmful code condemned by lead developer brion vibber to a namespace from which hes banned after he was explicitly warned not to do so dose not warrant a block — 
0.117059715
does

shanes : one last thing , i won't be defending myself for swearing or insulting someone . but that's the only way to let my feeling known about the injustice in this whole saga and i don't think many people can restrain themselves from swearing and insulting at people who has been a bully and behaved constantly arrogant and unreasonable throughout . and the sorry thing is someone is being the accomplice to wallow in the mire with the criminal .
0.23673366
shanes one last thing i wont be defending myself for swearing or insulting someone but thats the only way to let my feeling known about the injustice in this whole saga and i dont think many people can restrain themselves from swearing and insulting at people who has been a bully and behaved constantly arorgant and unreasonable throughout and the sorry thing is someone is being the accomplice to wallow in the mire with the criminal 
0.19716692
arrogant

= = public or private ? = = the chain is listed as public in the infobox , but i think this is wrong . shouldn't it be private ? i don't think hugo's has become a public company and issued stock . e
0.050234098
public or private the chain is listed as public in the infobox but i think this is rwong shouldnt it be private i dont think hugos has become a public company and issued stock e 
0.036641054
wrong

= = the new royal house in denmark = = what will it be called ? how do the danes feel about a french dynasty ? are they jealous that the uk has their old one ? lmao .
0.121885546
the new royal house in denmark what will it eb called how do the danes feel about a french dynasty are they jealous that the uk has their old one lmao 
0.08056474
be

: do we want to give external websites as guides ? here's the websites i used , i got the firefox one working for v 1.5 , but can't vouch for the older version . * spell checker for ie : : http://www.iespell.com/download.php * spellchecker for firefox and the mozilla suite = spellbound 0.7.3 : http://spellbound.sourceforge.net/index : http://spellbound.sourceforge.net/install *& firefox 1.5 : : http://www.wildtangents.net/2006/02/04/how-to-get-spellbound-spell-checker-working-with-firefox-1501/ just not sure about writing it up with external links - whats your thoughts ? : not a problem . those programs aren't available on wikipedia , so it's okay . here's a link for you : read more : external links
0.019957922
do we want to give external websites as guides heres the websites i used i got the firefox one working for v 15 but cant vouch for the older version psell checker for ie httpwwwiespellcomdownloadphp spellchecker for firefox and the mozilla suite spellbound 073 httpspellboundsourceforgenetindex httpspellboundsourceforgenetinstall firefox 15 httpwwwwildtangentsnet20060204howtogetspellboundspellcheckerworkingwithfirefox1501 just not sure about writing it up with external links whats your thoughts not a problem those programs arent available on wikipedia so its okay heres a link for you read more external links 
0.019493626
spell

