hi , gmvprasadarao , welcome to wikipedia ! i hope you like this place — i sure do — and want to stay . before getting too in-depth , you may want to read about the five pillars of wikipedia and simplified ruleset . if you need help on how to title new articles check out the naming conventions , and for help on formatting the pages visit the manual of style . if you need help look at wikipedia : help and the faq , plus if you can't find your answer there , check the village pump ( for wikipedia related questions ) or the reference desk ( for general questions ) ! there's still more help at the tutorial and policy library . plus , don't forget to visit the community portal . and if you have any more questions after that , feel free to post them on or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will be by to help you shortly . -tab_token = = = = additional tips = = = = tab_tokentab_token here's some extra tips to help you get around in the ' pedia ! * if you want to play around with your new wiki skills the sandbox is for you . tab_token * you can sign your name using three tildes (~) . if you use four , you can add a datestamp too . five will get you the datestamp only . * you may want to add yourself to the new user log . tab_token * if you ever think a page or image should be deleted , please list it at the votes for deletion page . there is also a votes for undeletion page if you want to retrieve something that you think should not have been deleted . * if you're still entirely confused , or would like to get a better grasp of your wikipedia skills , and you have an irc client ( or don't mind getting one ) , check out the bootcamp . it's not what it sounds like , but it is fun and can help you with your editing skills . * if you're bored and want to find something to do , try the random page button in the sidebar , or check out the open task message in the community portal . happy wiki-ing . — click here to respond to this message !
0.019318879
hi gmvprasadarao welcome to wikipedia i hope you like this place — i sure do — and want to stay before getting too indepth you may want to read about the five pillars of wikipedia and simplified ruleset if you need help on how to title new articles check out the naming conventions and for help on formatting the pages visit the manual of style if you need help look at wikipedia help and the faq plus if you cant find your answer there check the village pump for wikipedia related questions or the reference desk for general questions theres still more help at the tutorial and policy library plus dont forget to visit the community portal and if you have any more questions after that feel free to post them on or place helpme on your talk page and someone will be by to help you shortly tabtoken additional tips tabtokentabtoken heres some extra tips to help you get around in the pedia if you want to play around with your new wiki skills the sandbox is for you tabtoken you can sign your name using three tildes if you use four you can add a datestamp too five will get you the datestamp only you may want to add yourself to the new user log tabtoken if you ever think a page or image should be deleted please list it at the votes for deletion page there is also a votes for undeletion page if you want to retrieve something that you think should not have been deleted if youre still entirely confused or would like to get a better grasp of your wikipedia skills and you have an irc client or dont mind getting one check out the bootcamp its not what it sounds like but it is fun and can help you with your editing skills if youre broed and want to find something to do try the random page button in the sidebar or check out the open task message in the community portal happy wikiing — click here to respond to this message 
0.01032727
bored

as the reader can easily see , none of the comments is a personal attack as the one i stroke out above . i give you that the third and the last one are rude , however , given the enormous amount of prceding innuendo by the two editors they were directed to , there is just a point where nothing else seems to work .
0.12620084
as the reader can easily see none of the comments is a personal attack as the one i stroke out above i give you that the third and the last one are urde however given the enormous amount of prceding innuendo by the two editors they were directed to there is just a point where nothing else seems to work 
0.09735704
rude

= = wtc rebuilding fotos = = i happened upon the bathtub last year by accident - i took the path train and inadvertently emerged from below . it was awesome and terrifying and i wasn't ready for the impact . the last time i was there was on that fateful , and fatal day . i'll consider a trip back ... please know it's a very very difficult thing for me . = = nsa flash video = = no , ' chicken salad ' is not a code word . i promise ! )
0.058463607
wtc rebuilding fotos i happened upon the bahttub last year by accident i took the path train and inadvertently emerged from below it was awesome and terrifying and i wasnt ready for the impact the last time i was there was on that fateful and fatal day ill consider a trip back please know its a very very difficult thing for me nsa flash video no chicken salad is not a code word i promise 
0.0432403
bathtub

my delphi helpfile says that i must declare my routines with the safecall convention if it is to support both compile time binding and runtime binding through com automation . not sure if this is used outside delphi ...
0.037925165
my delphi helpfile says that i must declare my routines with the safecall convention if it is to support both compile tmie binding and runtime binding through com automation not sure if this is used outside delphi 
0.030678624
time

at any rate , i still think you are a fuck face .
0.95680934
at any rate i still think you are a ufck face 
0.43823695
fuck

= = stop = = should you remove the speedy tag again you will be blocked on sight . @
0.22405614
stpo should you remove the speedy tag again you will be blocked on sight 
0.17643371
stop

who do not look black either have been miscegenated over the millennia or arab . ( duh . )
0.3869351
who do not look blcak either have been miscegenated over the millennia or arab duh 
0.2383311
black

= = hot 100 chart positions = = i cannot find where most of these songs even charted on the billboard hot 100 . the only two songs by macy i can find debuting are i try and request line . can somebody supply a reliable source for the chartings listed , or shall i alter them ?
0.020870067
ht 100 chart positions i cannot find where most of these songs even charted on the billboard hto 100 the only two songs by macy i can find debuting are i try and request line can somebody supply a reliable source for the chartings listed or shall i alter them 
0.014410754
hot

hi , babloominty , welcome to wikipedia ! i hope you like this place — i sure do — and want to stay . before getting too in-depth , you may want to read about the five pillars of wikipedia and simplified ruleset . if you need help on how to title new articles check out the naming conventions , and for help on formatting the pages visit the manual of style . if you need help look at wikipedia : help and the faq , plus if you can't find your answer there , check the village pump ( for wikipedia related questions ) or the reference desk ( for general questions ) ! there's still more help at the tutorial and policy library . plus , don't forget to visit the community portal . and if you have any more questions after that , feel free to post them on or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will be by to help you shortly . -tab_token = = = = additional tips = = = = tab_tokentab_token here's some extra tips to help you get around in the ' pedia ! * if you want to play around with your new wiki skills the sandbox is for you . tab_token * you can sign your name using three tildes (~) . if you use four , you can add a datestamp too . five will get you the datestamp only . * you may want to add yourself to the new user log . tab_token * if you ever think a page or image should be deleted , please list it at the votes for deletion page . there is also a votes for undeletion page if you want to retrieve something that you think should not have been deleted . * if you're still entirely confused , or would like to get a better grasp of your wikipedia skills , and you have an irc client ( or don't mind getting one ) , check out the bootcamp . it's not what it sounds like , but it is fun and can help you with your editing skills . * if you're bored and want to find something to do , try the random page button in the sidebar , or check out the open task message in the community portal . happy wiki-ing . — click here to respond to this message !
0.019318879
hi babloominty welcome to wikipedia i hope you like this place — i sure do — and want to stay before getting too indepth you may want to read about the five pillars of wikipedia and simplified ruleset if you need help on how to title new articles check out the naming conventions and for help on formatting the pages visit the manual of style if you need help look at wikipedia help and the faq plus if you cant find your answer there check the village pump for wikipedia related questions or the reference desk for general questions theres still more help at the tutorial and policy library plus dont forget to visit the community portal and if you have any more questions after that feel free to post them on or place helpme on your talk page and someone will be by to help you shortly tabtoken additional tips tabtokentabtoken heres some extra tips to help you get around in the pedia if you want to play around with your new wiki skills the sandbox is for you tabtoken you can sign your name using three tildes if you use four you can add a datestamp too five will get you the datestamp only you may want to add yourself to the new user log tabtoken if you ever think a page or image should be deleted please list it at the votes for deletion page there is also a votes for undeletion page if you want to retrieve something that you think should not have been deleted if youre still entirely confused or would like to get a better grasp of your wikipedia skills and you have an irc client or dont mind getting one check out the bootcamp its not what it sounds like but it is fun and can help you with your editing skills if youre obred and want to find something to do try the random page button in the sidebar or check out the open task message in the community portal happy wikiing — click here to respond to this message 
0.01032727
bored

hahahaha ... cant you have a discussion ? just because i dont have the same opinion as you doesnt mean that you can behave like that . and to you joy : volim te bosno !
0.19998524
hahahaha cant you have a discussion just because i dont have the same opinion as you doesnt mean that you can ebhave like that and to you joy volim te bosno 
0.1992417
behave

well mr einstein , i changed it again ! why just write that she is a croat ? when se obvious arent that !!! if you are going to write that she is a croat then you must write that she is a bosnian too !!! well , i have already changed it 3 times i think so i will stop now . but remeber ante : i will changed it again after 12 hours .
0.20052348
well mr einstein i changed it again why just write that she is a c r o a t when se obvious arent that if you are going to write that she is a crota then you must write that she is a bosnian too well i have already changed it 3 times i think so i will stop now but remeber ante i will changed it again after 12 hours 
0.130664
croat

and then jerome bailey had a wank over charmaine's big breasts ....... :p
0.6186162
and then jerome bailey had a wnak over charmaines big breasts p 
0.39225748
wank

hey bags ! are you following me ? lol
0.3563363
hey bgas are you following me lol 
0.24565566
bags

