:::: well there's only one thing for it , isn't there ? do try this at home ( aka or ) . ) funny i never tried this before . i just filled a condom ( chess , a cheap brand ) with about three liters of water and it held . i didn't dare pick it up solely with the ' end ' ( what should i cal that ? ) , for fear of breaking it , and it's night now , so i'll do more outdoor experimenting tomorrow . but i could pick it up while supporting the bottom . a bit wobbly , but no problem . of course condoms have to be of quite good quality , for their orginal purpose . i havent tried drinking the water yet , though . shoud be ok though , because the spermicide is on the outside only . and i don't know where i might get condoms without spermicide . i'll be visiting my outdoor store , demmenie , one of these days , and then i'll ask . this much handling causes sticky hands , though . and hard to wash oof too . normally i only handle condoms lightly with my finger tips . but more experimental info tomorrow .
0.150815
well theres only one thing for it isnt there do try this at home aka or funny i never tried this before i just filled a condom chess a cheap brand with about three liters of water and it held i didnt dare pick it up solely with the end what should i cal that for fear of breaking it and its night now so ill do more outdoor experimenting tomorrow but i could pick it up while supporting the bottom a bit wobbly but no problem of course condosm have to be of quite good quality for their orginal purpose i havent tried drinking the water yet though shoud be ok though because the spermicide is on the outside only and i dont know where i might get cnodoms without spermicide ill be visiting my outdoor store demmenie one of these days and then ill ask this much handling causes sticky hands though and hard to wash oof too normally i only handle codnoms lightly with my finger tips but more experimental info tomorrow 
0.1214972
condoms

= = your edits to heidi%20klum : = = please do not add nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.1545875
your edits to heidi20klum please do not add nonsesne to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.09458388
nonsense

= = if you don't wish personal ... = = where is sorin cerin mr. j . mabel garbage ?
0.54316
if you dont wish personal where is sorin cerin mr j mabel grabage 
0.10490831
garbage

= = itaqallah and friends blatantly lying = = see here please : i have caught itaqallah blatantly lying in his edit summaries . i see no reason to assume he or his muslim guild friends are acting in good faith any more .
0.19712058
itaqallah and friends blatantly lying see here please i have caught itaqallah blatantly lying in his edit summaries i see no reason to assume he or his muslim guild friends rae acting in good faith any more 
0.17961822
are

: itaqallah has now had an admin tool lock the page in bad faith on his behalf . this is beyond insulting behavior and so far beyond good faith it is not even funny , and fayssalf's involvement would appear to be just another muslim guild member .
0.18378302
itaqallah has now had an admin tool lock the page in bda faith on his behalf this is beyond insulting behavior and so far beyond good faith it is not even funny and fayssalfs involvement would appear to be just another muslim guild member 
0.18356827
bad

hi : can someone please tell me what happens when one has luschka hypertrophy ?? i just found out i have it , on top of a disk protusion with impigement and mass affect on the central canal . help ! thanks teresa a
0.027390413
hi can someone please tell me what happens when one hsa luschka hypertrophy i just found out i have it on top of a disk protusion with impigement and mass affect on the central canal help thanks teresa a 
0.019057615
has

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are some pages that you might find helpful : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . again , welcome ! = = wikiproject mixed martial arts article improvement drive = = wikipedia : wikiproject mixed martial arts is now taking suggestions for the new mma article improvement drive ! please add your input to decide what our first collaboration should be .
0.006414434
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here are some pages that you might find helpful the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions again welcome wikiproject mixed martial arts article improvement drive wikipedia wikiproject mixed martial arts is now taking suggestions for the new mma article improvement drive please add your input to decide what our first collaboration should eb 
0.0041737035
be

= = seyi george olofinjana = = hi , you've recently given me a last warning for adding some nicknames for the wolves player , seyi george olofinjana . these nicknames are all ones that have been widely used on one of the most popular internet forums concerning wolves , www.molineuxmix.co.uk . if you don't agree with them being put on there , fine , but i don't think it's really fair to warn me for posting nicknames that are in wide use amongst wolves fans .
0.03652718
seyi george olofinjana hi youve recently given me a last warning for adding some nicknames for the wolevs player seyi george olofinjana these nicknames are all ones that have been widely used on one of the most popular internet forums concerning owlves wwwmolineuxmixcouk if you dont agree with them being put on there fine but i dont think its really fair to warn me for posting nicknames that are in wide use amongst wolvse fans 
0.029245999
wolves

::::::::::: not sure who said it was personal . there also is no issue , the article is currently named correctly , it deals with allegations and is named so . this was covered in the afd and admins stated the article should be renamed to a neutral term as state terrorism by the united states was a statement of fact , which allegations are not .
0.024150485
not sure who said it was personal there also is no issue the article is currently named correctly it deals with allegations and is named so this was covered in the afd and admins stated the article should be renamed to a neutral term as state terroirsm by the united states was a statement of fact which allegations are not 
0.010065535
terrorism

this folk high school is the only danish fhs in south schleswig - ie , in germany - which gives it some importance . admittedly the article needs a lot of work and extra material - will have a go if time allows .
0.016837256
this folk high school is the only danish fhs in south schleswig ie in germany which gives it some importance admittedly the article needs a lot of work and extra material will have a og if time allows 
0.01590496
go

}} unblock : 1 . the reason i used sockpuppets was to avoid harassment from who immediately reverted all my edits , , and when i forgot to log and branded me a sockpuppet of some previous user , here which the checkuser proved did not exist . i got into a revert war with and who from the contributions , seemed to devote their time exclusively to making trouble and aiding each other in edit wars , as is shown here , , as well as in the earlier case regarding who they erroneeouslly accused me of being . after several days of edit warring with over the right to call rugby league football , football , ( surely a neccessity and not erroneous ) , ' s vandalism to the rugby league nations template here , the names of various sports on the marconi stadium site and whether the a-league franchises should be referred to as clubs(part of their franchise names , e . g . queensland roar fc is a franchise and not a club , but takes the name of a club for marketting reasons ) or franchises , and whether minor premiers were premiers or not . tancred has a history of edit wars , exemplified no better than here . i was banned by although my last free edits from here were this , , my last was this . is where i made an argument for my case for the a-league case . earlier , i had asked chuq to please get a non soccer admin to help sort it out made in language not too different to chuq's . funnilly enough user : chuq sent no warnings to user : dibo and user : tancred despite their equally uncivil and accusatry of vandalism here , ( i was not one at that stage , as i was not trying to misuse the system and eing honest enough not to use this account to try to sway the argument ) , , ( note the term pov rubbish ) . i felt i was hard done by and resolved to annoy the blockers as much as they had annoyed me before resuming as my previous identity and making a large number of useful contributions before being bogged down by a piece of shit like user : dibo who provoked this whole encounter . user : dibo and user : tancred are the ones who should be banned if any justice is to be done , and i am resolved upon annoying the whole lot of you unless i am unblocked and the usefullness of my < 500 edits is acknowledged as actual contributions and user : dibo recognised as the edit warrer that he/she/ it is .
0.29647636
unblock 1 the reason i used sockpuppets was to avoid harassment from who immediately reverted all my edits and when i forgot to log and branded me a sockpuppet of some previous user here which the checkuser proved did not exist i got into a revert war with and who from the contributions seemed to devote their time exclusively to making trouble and aiding each other in edit wars as is shown here as well as in the earlier case regarding who they erroneeouslly accused me of being after several days of edit warring with over the right to call rugby league football football surely a neccessity and not erroneous s vandalism to the rugby league nations template here the names of various sports on the marconi stadium site and whether the aleague franchises should be referred to as clubspart of their franchise names e g queensland roar fc is a franchise and not a club but takes the name of a club for marketting reasons or franchises and whether minor premiers were premiers or not tancred has a history of edit wars exemplified no better than here i was banned by although my last free edits from here were this my last was this is where i made an argument for my case for the aleague case earlier i had asked chuq to please get a non soccer admin to help sort it out made in language not too different to chuqs funnilly enough user chuq sent no warnings to user dibo and user tancred despite their equally uncivil and accusatry of vandalism here i was not one at that stage as i was not trying to misuse the system and eing honest enough not to use this account to try to sway the argument note the term pov rubbish i felt i was hard done by and resolved to annoy the blockers as much as they had annoyed me before resuming as my previous identity and making a large number of useful contributions before being bogged down by a piece of hsit like user dibo who provoked this whole encounter user dibo and user tancred are the ones who should be banned if any justice is to be done and i am resolved upon annoying the whole lot of you unless i am unblocked and the usefullness of my 500 edits is acknowledged as actual contributions and user dibo recognised as the edit warrer that heshe it is 
0.15095726
shit

shouldn't it be added ?
0.014946391
shouldnt it eb added 
0.014013895
be

motherfucker , dont be changing the fucking gta timeline !
0.95909584
motherufcker dont be changing the fucking gta timeline 
0.9328471
motherfucker

as stated , the text was added to save the page from speedy deletion . it was nominated within moments of it's creation . isn't that a little extreme ? please restore the page and i will edit it . thank you .
0.017277168
as stated the text was added to save the page from speedy deletion it was nominated within moments of its creation isnt that a little extreme plaese restore the page and i will edit it thank you 
0.013050931
please

what you are doing is vandalism . you have been checked on it before , i see . you should ask for citations , instead of reverting . there is much this fat little queer does not know .
0.42109254
what you are doing is vandalism you have been checked on it before i see you should ask for citations instead of reverting there is much this fta little queer does not know 
0.30971542
fat

info = = i added some info to your user page baout your gay affair with american brit nad your large butt if you dont mind . just want to know , is the sex between you and american brit good ? = =
0.687502
info i added some info to your user page baout your gay affair with american brit nad your large ubtt if you dont mind just want to know is the sex between you and american brit good 
0.49014843
butt

