welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are some pages that you might find helpful : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and ask your question there . again , welcome ! = = copyright issue with castalian springs = = hello . concerning your contribution , castalian springs , we cannot accept copyrighted text or images borrowed from either web sites or printed material . this article or image appears to be a direct copy from http://www.rootsweb.com/~tnsumner/tidspe.htm . as a copyright violation , castalian springs appears to qualify for speedy deletion under the speedy deletion criteria . castalian springs has been tagged for deletion , and may have been deleted by the time you see this message . for text material , please consider rewriting the content and citing the source , provided that it is credible . if you believe that the article or image is not a copyright violation or if you have permission from the copyright holder to release the content freely under the gfdl , you can comment to that effect on talk : castalian springs . if the article or image has already been deleted , but you have a proper release , you can reenter the content at castalian springs , after describing the release on the talk page . however , for text content , you may want to consider rewriting the content in your own words . thank you , and please feel free to continue contributing to wikipedia .
0.01068812
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here are some pages that you might find helpful the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and ask your question there again welcome copyright issue with castalian springs hello concerning your contribution castalian springs we cannot accept copyrighted text or images borrowed from either web sites or printed material this article or image appears to be a direct copy from httpwwwrootswebcomtnsumnertidspehtm as a copyright vioelation castalian springs appears to qualify for speedy deletion under the speedy deletion criteria castalian springs has been tagged for deletion and may have been deleted by the time you see this message for text material please consider rewriting the content and citing the source provided that it is credible if you believe that the article or image is not a copyright vioaltion or if you have permission from the copyright holder to release the content freely under the gfdl you can comment to that effect on talk castalian springs if the article or image has already been deleted but you have a proper release you can reenter the content at castalian springs after describing the release on the talk page however for text content you may want to consider rewriting the content in your own words thank you and please feel free to continue contributing to wikipedia 
0.008082915
violation

welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia . we appreciate encyclopedic contributions , but some of your recent contributions seem to be advertising or for promotional purposes . wikipedia does not allow advertising in articles . for more information on this , see * policy on neutral point of view * guideline on spam * guideline on external links * guideline on conflict of interest if you still have questions , there is a new contributor's help page , or you can write {{ helpme }} below this message along with a question and someone will be along to answer it shortly . you may also find the following pages useful for a general introduction to wikipedia . * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing wikipedia ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . feel free to write a note on the bottom of my talk page if you want to get in touch with me . again , welcome !
0.017467566
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia we appreciate encyclopedic contributions but some of your recent contributions seem to be advertising or for promotional purposes wikipedia does not allow advertising in articles for more information on this see policy on neutral point of view guideline on spma guideline on external links guideline on conflict of interest if you still have questions there is a new contributors help page or you can write helpme below this message along with a question and someone will be along to answer it shortly you may also find the following pages useful for a general introduction to wikipedia the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing wikipedia please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date feel free to write a note on the bottom of my talk page if you want to get in touch with me again welcome 
0.009866407
spam

hi , you left a message on my page about the article hamas , are you still interested in it ? if so please leave a msg on my talk page . in answer to your q , i have tried my best to atleast give a little fairer pic of the group but dont seem to have much support .
0.043936994
hi you left a message on my page about the article hamas rae you still interested in it if so please leave a msg on my talk page in answer to your q i have tried my best to atleast give a little fairer pic of the group but dont seem to have much support 
0.041104745
are

i am afraid that it can be libel to republish a libelous claim . it can be damaging to wells's reputation to call him a liar . if wp editors republish the claim , and assert that it accurately came from reliable sources , then the wp editors could be committing libel . no , it is not up to wells to deal with everyone who calls him a liar . it is up to wp to use reliable sources and to not libel people . this particular instance is bad because it suggests that wp editors have some inside knowledege that wells is a liar , as the article does not even reveal what the alleged lie is .
0.36015636
i am afraid that it can be libel to republish a libelous claim it can be damaging to wellss reputation to call him a l i a r if wp editors republish the claim and assert that it accurately came from reliable sources then the wp editors could be committing libel no it is not up to wells to deal with everyone who calls him a ziar it is up to wp to use reliable sources and to not libel people this particular instance is bad because it suggests that wp editors have some inside knowledege that wells is a lira as the article does not even reveal what the alleged lie is 
0.10883811
liar

: okay , i should have said potentially libelous or something like that . do you know for a fact that wells lied ? if not , wp could be accused of willfully or recklessly inserting false statements into wells's biography for the purpose of damaging his reputation . i really cannot see any justification for inserting a statement into wells's biography that some debate opponent said that wells lied .
0.11720187
okay i should have said potentially libelous or something like that do you know for a fact that wells lied if not wp could be accused of willfully or recklessly inserting flase statements into wellss biography for the purpose of damaging his reputation i really cannot see any justification for inserting a statement into wellss biography that some debate opponent said that wells lied 
0.107613355
false

dumb fuck why did you delete the angry nintendo nerds page ? dumb fuck
0.9868341
dumwb fuck why did you delete the angry nintendo nerds page dmub fuck 
0.9819863
dumb

do u even no how to speak enlgish ? sorry my comment was vandalised . but pls talke english lessons .
0.22666194
do u even no how to speak enlgish sorry my comment was avndalised but pls talke english lessons 
0.21071097
vandalised

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are some pages that you might find helpful : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and ask your question there . again , welcome !
0.008297486
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here rae some pages that you might find helpful the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and ask your question there again welcome 
0.0056954985
are

ok what the hell was i banned for ? the last edit i made on the action figure page was when i took off someone who added vandelism by putting poop on the page . i went through this huge case about me being zarbon and it came out as unlikely and then about 5 months later i decide to log on to wikipedia and edit a page and it tells me i've been blocked . i don't know what has happened here but deskana as an admin could you please sort this out ?
0.21139362
ok what the hlel was i banned for the last edit i made on the action figure page was when i took off someone who added vandelism by putting poop on the page i went through this huge case about me being zarbon and it came out as unlikely and then about 5 months later i decide to log on to wikipedia and edit a page and it tells me ive been blocked i dont know what has happened here but deskana as an admin could you please sort this out 
0.14799732
hell

oh , i see it's not so much the saliva , as traces of blood in the saliva from bleeding gums . another reason to consume plenty of vitamin c .
0.1595131
oh i see its not so much the saliva as traces of bolod in the saliva from bleeding gums another reason to consume plenty of vitamin c 
0.09472569
blood

a tag has been placed on gary kennedy , requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia . this has been done because the article seems to be about a person , group of people , band , club , company , or web content , but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable , that is , why an article about that subject should be included in wikipedia . under the criteria for speedy deletion , articles that do not assert notability may be deleted at any time . please see the guidelines for what is generally accepted as notable , and if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable , you may contest the tagging . to do this , add on the top of the page ( below the existing db tag ) and leave a note on the article's talk page explaining your position . please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself , but don't hesitate to add information to the article that would confirm its subject's notability under the guidelines . for guidelines on specific types of articles , you may want to check out our criteria for biographies , for web sites , for bands , or for companies . feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this .
0.00897857
a tag has been placed on gary kennedy requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia this has been done because the article seems to be about a person group of people band club company or web content but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable that is why an article about that subject should be included in wikipedia under the criteria for speedy deletion articles that do not assert notability may be deleted at any time please see the guidelines for what is generally accepted as notable and if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable you may contest the tagging to do this add on the top of the page below the existing bd tag and leave a note on the articles talk page explaining your position please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself but dont hesitate to add information to the article that would confirm its subjects notability under the guidelines for guidelines on specific types of articles you may want to check out our criteria for biographies for web sites for bands or for companies feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this 
0.008122684
db

mind your own business persian asshole and acanoobic noobenger this does not concern u its me and rondo !!!
0.8184372
mind your own business persian asshoel and acanoobic noobenger this does not concern u its me and rondo 
0.12443917
asshole

it is unfortunate that wikipedia does not have better administrators , who do not insist on ignorance .
0.3086216
it is unfortunate that wikipedia does not have better administrators who do not insist on ignornace 
0.19425781
ignorance

little worm , you escalate this and then pray , pray very hard , that you want to take this outside a wiki pedia little man . any time anywhere , little coward hiding like the little fiddler you are .
0.6088352
little owrm you escalate this and then pray pray very hard that you want to take this outside a wiki pedia little man any time anywhere little coward hiding like the little fiddler you are 
0.5881579
worm

: kkrystian , as you can see , ekantik ( the most vicious defamer of sathya sai baba : ref ) is intent to quash and quieten the voices of opposition to his smear and hate campaigns against sathya sai baba . i have several reasons for disengaging . i think a few of these reasons will become clear in the coming weeks . when the time is right , i will release a statement and let you know . -email
0.163678
kkrystian as you can see ekantik the most vicoius defamer of sathya sai baba ref is intent to quash and quieten the voices of opposition to his smear and hate campaigns against sathya sai baba i have several reasons for disengaging i think a few of these reasons will become clear in the coming weeks when the time is right i will release a statement and let you know email 
0.10240024
vicious

pellet article = = the pellet article is getting to loaded with other meanings and i think the air gun usage needs to be split out . go to talk : pellet to discuss . = =
0.063433595
pellet article the pellet article is getting to loaded with other meanings and i think the air gun usage needs to be split out og to talk pellet to discuss 
0.04362345
go

