: i am no longer interested in changing the prose in this article . now all i am trying to accomplish is alphabetizing the words before and following and and or . i done this for an exceptional amount of time . is constantly reverting this edit without a good explanation and writes in her edit summaries so it's an obsession . what's your point ? what are your obsessions doing in article space ? : that is not a good reason to revert one's edits . additionally , the deaths of andrée's companions are not listed alphabetically , but also not listed by who was born first , which is why i switched the positioning of the two . bishonen needs to halt such misconduct as wp : own because simply trying to make an article more precise is not blockable behaviour . if we have to go through this again , i will take this to wp : an/i . — |
0.06894643
i am no longer interested in changing the prose in this article now all i am trying to accomplish is alphabetizing the words before and following and and or i done this for an exceptional amount of time is constantly reverting this edit without a good explanation and writes in her edit summaries so its an obssesion whats your point what are your obsessions doing in article space that is not a good reason to revert ones edits additionally the deaths of andrées companions are not listed alphabetically but also not listed by who was born first which is why i switched the positioning of the two bishonen needs to halt such misconduct as wp own because simply trying to make an article more precise is not blockable behaviour if we have to go through this again i will take this to wp ani — 
0.06269949
obsession

= = salvation = = do not worry you are but a lost lamb the lord will forgive you .
0.17169213
salvation do not worry you rae but a lost lamb the lord will forgive you 
0.13737878
are

please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia . – - | ·contact )
0.044685554
please stop if you continue to vandaliez pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia – ·contact 
0.0270944
vandalize

being yourself a mormon and actively working in wikipedia for the sole purpose to defend mormons interests your decision cannot be accepted . you are a like a member of the klux klux klan parading as impartial judge in a trial against a black . this cannot be accepted and will not be . you are diorectly violating the first 6 rules of wikipedia and i will not let you escape from this gratuituously . sophie
0.48793116
being yourself a mormon and actively working in wikipedia for the sole purpose to defend mormons interests your decision cannot be accepted you are a like a member of the klux klux klan parading as impartial judge in a trial against a lback this cannot be accepted and will not be you are diorectly violating the first 6 rules of wikipedia and i will not let you escape from this gratuituously sophie 
0.42475286
black

welcome ! hello and welcome to wikipedia . thank you for . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . the following links will help you begin editing on wikipedia : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * editing tutorial * picture tutorial * how to write a great article * naming conventions * manual of style please bear these points in mind while editing wikipedia : * please respect others ' copyrights ; do not copy and paste the contents from webpages directly . * please use a neutral point of view when editing articles ; this is possibly the most important wikipedia policy . * if you are testing , please use the sandbox to do so . * do not add unreasonable contents into any articles , such as : copyrighted text , advertisement messages , and text that is not related to an article's subject . adding such unreasonable information or otherwise editing articles maliciously is considered vandalism , and will result in your account being blocked . the wikipedia tutorial is a good place to start learning about wikipedia . if you have any questions , see the help pages , add a question to the village pump or ask me on my talk page . by the way , you can sign your name on talk and vote pages using three tildes , like this : ~~~ . four tildes (~~~~) produces your name and the current date . again , welcome !
0.026345763
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for i hope you like the place and decide to stay the following links will help you begin editing on wikipedia the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page editing tutorial picture tutorial how to write a great article naming conventions manual of style please bear these points in mind while editing wikipedia please respect others copyrights do not copy and paste the contents from webpages directly please use a neutral point of view when editing articles this is possibly the most important wikipedia policy if you are testing please use the sandbox to do so do not add unreasonable contents into any articles such as copyrighted text advertisement messages and text that is not related to an articles subject adding such unreasonable information or otherwise editing articles maliciously is considered vandalism and will result in your account being blockde the wikipedia tutorial is a good place to start learning about wikipedia if you have any questions see the help pages add a question to the village pump or ask me on my talk page by the way you can sign your name on talk and vote pages using three tildes like this four tildes produces your name and the current date again welcome 
0.016136073
blocked

don't you think here you guys prove there is a jewish conspiracy ? or three jews against one christian is rather a pogrom ?
0.43921372
dont you think here you guys prove there is a jewish conspiracy or three jwes against one christian is rather a pogrom 
0.4000519
jews

= = originalresearch template = = there is no respected source which suggests that male pregnancy is either possible , or likely . comments to that effect in this article are nonsense and uncited .
0.13399959
originalresearch template there i s no respected source which suggests that male pregnancy si either possible or likely comments to that effect in this article are nonsense and uncited 
0.13279276
is

: wow thats impressive ... i dont think singing above the 8th octave is realy necessary since only about the 7th octave sounds like singing but thats impressive . i can only sing from a1-f7 but i have sung as low as g1 and as high as g #7 before .
0.066478714
wow thats impressive i dont think singing above the 8th octave is realy necessary since only about the 7th octave sounds like singing but thats impressive i can only sing from a1f7 but i have sugn as low as g1 and as high as g 7 before 
0.06233052
sung

noel , you are an expert . please convince whig history fans ( or the lazy minds ) about how bonnie prince charlie did not want to dissolve the union , that the united kingdom began with the stuarts as opposed to the hanoverians . tell them how the whigs rewrote history to blame everything on the stuarts , whom are credited as ultimate failures with no positive contributions to the foundations of great britain in their stewart and tudor blood . the sovereign's will is the realm , or else it is not a kingdom . the british might as well be living in a republic , at least if the parliamentarians had their way . even the hanoverian heirs recognise that the stuarts founded the uk . please debate that here & thanks .
0.081394225
noel you are an expert please convince whig history fans or the lzay minds about how bonnie prince charlie did not want to dissolve the union that the united kingdom began with the stuarts as opposed to the hanoverians tell them how the whigs rewrote history to blame everything on the stuarts whom are credited as ultimate failures with no positive contributions to the foundations of great britain in their stewart and tudor blood the sovereigns will is the realm or else it is not a kingdom the british might as well be living in a republic at least if the parliamentarians had their way even the hanoverian heirs recognise that the stuarts founded the uk please debate that here thanks 
0.059822924
lazy

* a spade is a spade ; don't get your panties in a twisted bunch , or bees in your bonnet over it .
0.6177369
a spade is a spade dont get your apnties in a twisted bunch or bees in your bonnet over it 
0.453813
panties

::: come on , must you block me just because i upset you ? why must you be the enforcer , judge , and executioner ? can you not have a calm peaceful debate ? then perhaps i will judge whether you are mao , or chiang . but you must put your adminship aside for a little while . the hammer and sickle is at the top of your page .
0.3015228
come on must you block me just because i upset you why must you be the enforcer judge and eexcutioner can you not have a calm peaceful debate then perhaps i will judge whether you are mao or chiang but you must put your adminship aside for a little while the hammer and sickle is at the top of your page 
0.26860267
executioner

= = quote from book = = it might be wise to add a passage from the book saying that the day on which the novel takes place is june 16 . i'd do it myself but i've been looking for the one where the woman writes june 16 , 1904 on a blackboard for months and can't find it .
0.005667156
quote from book it might be wise to add a passage from the book saying that the day on which the novel takes place is june 16 id do it myself but ive been looking for the one where the woamn writes june 16 1904 on a blackboard for months and cant find it 
0.0040729432
woman

= = salvation = = do not worry you are but a lost lamb the lord will forgive you
0.18064924
salvation do not worry you are but a lsot lamb the lord will forgive you 
0.14929475
lost

: it would be uncivil to call you a dickhead . to note that you are pro-lehi is simply to state the obvious . our point is so strong that there is no way to help or weaken it . : almost exactly the same ? the same except that one is pov and the other is npov . —
0.6056834
it would be uncivil to call you a dcikhead to note that you are prolehi is simply to state the obvious our point is so strong that there is no way to help or weaken it almost exactly the same the same except that one is pov and the other is npov — 
0.21171288
dickhead

= = block/unblock = = frankly , i can't be bothered reading the whole post on ani . fwiw , i have always felt that this user was redeemable . i think the question is , ' does he wish redemption ' . i invite blu to post here , indicating what behaviour we can expect if he is unbanned . then perhaps we'd have more to go on . i have unblocked this user ( as one of the two primary victims of his personal attacks , i feel this is my right ) . i agree with doc that i feel he is redeamable . he has agreed to be on his best behavior , and that's good enough for me . : have you discussed this action with the other involved parties ? - = = workshop = = is this edit you , and do you want it readded ? can't help with the block problem , unless you want me to post on an or someone else's talk page but {{ unblock }} would accomplish the same , mostly . : yeah , that was me . thought i was logged in . go ahead and re-add it . | | ( contribs ) = = suggestion = = { discussion with malber archived to history } { further trolling removed } i added the deleted sections to your archive 2 assuming you would do this yourself if not blocked . no need to reply unless you strongly object to this action . : thanks . i appreciate it . ( by which i mean , it's exactly what i would have done ) | | ( contribs )
0.045473747
blockunblock frankly i cant be bothered reading the whole post on ani fwiw i have always felt that this user was redeemable i think the question is does he wish redemption i invite blu to post here indicating what behaviour we can expect if he is unbanned then perhaps wed have more to go on i have unblocked this user as one of the two primary victims of his personal atatcks i feel this is my right i agree with doc that i feel he is redeamable he has agreed to be on his best behavior and thats good enough for me have you discussed this action with the other involved parties workshop is this edit you and do you want it readded cant help with the block problem unless you want me to post on an or someone elses talk page but unblock would accomplish the same mostly yeah that was me thought i was logged in go ahead and readd it contribs suggestion discussion with malber archived to history further trolling removed i added the deleted sections to your archive 2 assuming you would do this yourself if not blocked no need to reply unless you strongly object to this action thanks i appreciate it by which i mean its exactly what i would have done contribs 
0.039992474
attacks

greco romanism did not begin in 146ad , with the roman occupation of greece , i find it exceedingly annoying that i need to give examples of roman poetry , literature , sculpture , architecture and theatre , ( which before the 1st century ad was simply copy of greek ) and so on influenced by greece , these are obvious to anyone with even basic understanding of classical history .
0.019472925
greco romanism did not begin in 146ad with the roman occupation of greece i find it exceedingly annoiyng that i need to give examples of roman poetry literature sculpture architecture and theatre which before the 1st century ad was simply copy of greek and so on influenced by greece these are obvious to anyone with even basic understanding of classical history 
0.005341135
annoying

no thanks , i hate microsoft and any of their products , i believe in free software/open source and freedom . long live the us constitution & bill of rights .
0.18810837
no thanks i ahte microsoft and any of their products i believe in free softwareopen source and freedom long live the us constitution bill of rights 
0.018671323
hate

i vividly remember my elementry school days , when the other kids would shun me and not let me into their stupid little groups . the boys were all friends , as for the girls , they had two groups . one was the popular girls group , and the other was the unpopular girls group . you may think that i would at least have fitted into the unpopular girls group , but i didn't . they locked me out of their little group and wouldn't even talk to me . they teased me mercelessly and so did the popular girls group . i never got invited to any parties after 2nd grade ; i never had any friends . the boys basically ignored me ( until 7th grade when they were the ones who teased me mercelessly ) , while they flirted with the other girls . all the other girls would talk about was boys ( when they weren't bragging to each other about thier home life ) . they never let me play with them , and the teacher didn't make them include me . in lunch and recess i would just sit alone or cry alone . in 6th grade one of the kids told the teacher to throw me out the window . the teacher just shook his head . kids are cruel , and i will never , ever , never forget the torture i endured as a child . yes , i do think kids are buttheads .
0.3318481
i vividly remember my elementry school days when the other kids would shun me and not let me into their stpuid little groups the boys were all friends as for the girls they had two groups one was the popular girls group and the other was the unpopular girls group you may think that i would at least have fitted into the unpopular girls group but i didnt they locked me out of their little group and wouldnt even talk to me they teased me mercelessly and so did the popular girls group i never got invited to any parties after 2nd grade i never had any friends the boys basically ignored me until 7th grade when they were the ones who teased me mercelessly while they flirted with the other girls all the other girls would talk about was boys when they werent bragging to each other about thier home life they never let me play with them and the teacher didnt make them include me in lunch and recess i would just sit alone or cry alone in 6th grade one of the kids told the teacher to throw me out the window the teacher just shook his head kids are cruel and i will never ever never forget the torture i endured as a child yes i do think kids are buttheads 
0.1707388
stupid

