{| width = 100% style = margin-bottom : 0.5 em ; border : #0581b5 solid 1px ; -moz-border-radius : 10px ; background : #c1f5b8 ; welcome ! |- | welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for joining . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are some pages that you might find helpful : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . again , welcome ! your friend '''''''''''' |}
0.012946697
width 100 style marginbottom 05 em border 0581b5 solid 1px mozborderradius 10px background c1f5b8 welcome welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for joining i hope you like the place and decide to stay here rae some pages that you might find helpful the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions again welcome your friend 
0.008928908
are

= = what in the fuck ? = = what's with gyllenhaal being a 3-year younger doppelganger to jonathan togo ? seriously . ahaha . not do they only look alike as much as twins do , they both have jewish heritage . what the fuck ? coincidence ? i say this is related to 9/11 and strawberry monkies , definitely .. ]
0.8793992
what in the f u c k whats with gyllenhaal being a 3year younger doppelganger to jonathan togo seriously ahaha not do they only look alike as much as twins do they both have jewish heritage what the ufck coincidence i say this is related to 911 and strawberry monkies definitely 
0.73414975
fuck

: hahahahaha .. i hate slashdotters ' jokes , they seriously start to creep on my neves . ]
0.6618202
hahahahaha i htae slashdotters jokes they seriously start to creep on my neves 
0.57834363
hate

= = messhermit is banned = = messhermit has been banned from editing alberto fujimori .
0.21219702
messhermit si banned messhermit has been banned from editing alberto fujimori 
0.11592849
is

= = unprotected = = under his probation , messhermit is banned from editing this article . since the protection was instituted as a result of that edit warring , i have unprotected it .
0.07434746
unprotected under his probation messhermit is banned from editing this article since the protection was instituted as a result of that edit awrring i have unprotected it 
0.063308
warring

i guessed p . you know there is no single offical document found in ottoman archives that shows an order of exterminatio or killings . there is no vansee meeting like that germans did . the jews were not fighting in an enemy army . the jews were not after authonomy and so on . i guess you are mistaking an ethnic clensing ( in the worst case . i dont fully accept that definition either ) with a genocide . can i send you some articles showing the position of turkish jews . maybe they are more reliable for you ?
0.34472466
i guessed p you know there is no single offical document found in ottoman archives that shows an order of exterminatio or killings there is no vansee meeting like that germans did the juws were not fighting in an enemy army the jwes were not after authonomy and so on i guess you are mistaking an ethnic clensing in the worst case i dont fully accept that definition either with a genocide can i send you some articles showing the position of turkish jesw maybe they are more reliable for you 
0.2976646
jews

listing well-known intentional communities = = it seems that many folks want to list their favorite intentional community in the sections entitled some well-known intentional communities and some christian intentional communities ( this dispite the fact that there is a list of intentional communities in the see also section where they can list any intentional community ) . since it would be difficult to establish ground rules as to what well-known means and since these sections could get very lengthy , i suggest that they be eliminated from the article . people would still be able to list their favorites on the list of intentional communities . comments ? = =
0.02685284
listing wellknown intentional communities it seems that many folks want to list their favorite intentional community in the sections entitled some wellknown intentional communities and some christian intentional communities this dispite the fact that there is a list of intentional communities in the see also section where they can list any intentional community since it would be difficult to establish ground rules as to what wellknown means and since these sections could get very lengthy i suggest that they be eliimnated from the article people would still be able to list their favorites on the list of intentional communities comments 
0.017426018
eliminated

= = help ( again ) = = i want to make my color for my sig steel blue ( sorry , i think it's a cool color ) , but you know when you access the page once , and then you see the link again , it turns purple ? well , i want to know how you can stop that , because when i click on your sig , it always stays steel blue . do you know how to make that or is it just a coincedence ? cheers ! •• -
0.03393947
help again i want to make my color for my sig steel blue sorry i think its a cool color but you know when you access the page once and then you see the link again it turns purple well i want to know how you can tsop that because when i click on your sig it always stays steel blue do you know how to make that or is it just a coincedence cheers •• 
0.01517273
stop

, 17 september 2006 ( utc ) what ? my use of capitals ? that has nothing to do with reason ! i am emphasising my point and certain words . your edits are a grammatical travesty , do not adhere to wikipedia's neutrality policy , and are terribly written . not to mention that they do not make sense . i would expect better from you . 22:49
0.2208924
17 september 2006 utc what my use of capitals that has nothing to do with reason i am emphasising my point and certain words your edits are a grammatical trvaesty do not adhere to wikipedias neutrality policy and are terribly written not to mention that they do not make sense i would expect better from you 2249 
0.13102353
travesty

::::::: first , trying to pull rank with me , is not an effective way to be persusive with me or to appear as an ally or friendly . second , you have misread my statement and missed my major point about vagina and penis . the point is that the article itself explans that a vaginoplasty is surgery to create a vagina . it is therefore obvious that any photographs of surgery in and around a penis or vagina will contain such things in the photograph . i believe that is is entirely appropriate to set the example that photographs of genitalia in medical and educational contexts are appropriate for all audiences . i believe that the precedent should be set that the penis and the vagina or more accurately in most cases the vulva should not be given special attention in medical contexts . to do so , gives the misimpression that there is something wrong with human genitalia , which is a falsehood , and an antedeluvian cultural bias whose primitive nature should be abolished . in this century and millenium , is it time for such puritanical prudishness to end . one of the best ironies of discussions about such warnings around medical photos is that they primarily serve to heighten the existence and nature of the photographs , and probably invite more study of them than might otherwise occur . in other words , they have the opposite of their intended purpose . the tend to draw more attention to such material , than might otherwise occur , while the tacit intention of people who want to put similarly silly warnings about such material is to hide them and be bashful around them . it is high time that humans grow up and get over this silly aversions to the site of human genitalia . the wikipedia should be a place that sets an appropriate standard that medical information should be free from the psuedo censorship that such warnings represent . on another note , on the basis of wp :v , a large portion of the wikipedia would be candidate for deletion . i believe such mention constitutes evidence that this article is being given unfair over-attention by a tacit faction whose true purpose is to censor subjects like the sort to which toby meltzer and its good article subject matter relates . first and foremost , such good articles serve to refute the rampant misinformation in the minds of the average populace . 21:17 , 17 september 2006 .
0.3057538
first trying to pull rank with me is not an effective way to be persusive with me or to appear as an ally or friendly second you have misread my statement and missed my major point about vagina and peonis the point is that the article itself explans that a vaginoplasty is surgery to create a vagina it is therefore obvious that any photographs of surgery in and around a p e n i s or vagina will contain such things in the photograph i believe that is is entirely appropriate to set the example that photographs of genitalia in medical and educational contexts are appropriate for all audiences i believe that the precedent should be set that the epnis and the vagina or more accurately in most cases the vulva should not be given special attention in medical contexts to do so gives the misimpression that there is something wrong with human genitalia which is a falsehood and an antedeluvian cultural bias whose primitive nature should be abolished in this century and millenium is it time for such puritanical prudishness to end one of the best ironies of discussions about such warnings around medical photos is that they primarily serve to heighten the existence and nature of the photographs and probably invite more study of them than might otherwise occur in other words they have the opposite of their intended purpose the tend to draw more attention to such material than might otherwise occur while the tacit intention of people who want to put similarly silly warnings about such material is to hide them and be bashful around them it is high time that humans grow up and get over this silly aversions to the site of human genitalia the wikipedia should be a place that sets an appropriate standard that medical information should be free from the psuedo censorship that such warnings represent on another note on the basis of wp v a large portion of the wikipedia would be candidate for deletion i believe such mention constitutes evidence that this article is being given unfair overattention by a tacit faction whose true purpose is to censor subjects like the sort to which toby meltzer and its good article subject matter relates first and foremost such good articles serve to refute the rampant misinformation in the minds of the average populace 2117 17 september 2006 
0.22734265
penis

: he was acting assistant secretary of energy of the u.s. , in charge of the entire renewable energy program at the u.s. dept . of energy . he has written a half dozen books on global warming , energy efficiency and energy technologies , and he is a frequently quoted expert for major news outlets . plus he has written dozens of articles for respected jounals , like science and atlantic monthly .
0.012808262
he was acting assistant secretary of energy of the us in charge of the entire renewable energy program at the us dept of energy he has written a half doezn books on global warming energy efficiency and energy technologies and he is a frequently quoted expert for major news outlets plus he has written dozens of articles for respected jounals like science and atlantic monthly 
0.011806504
dozen

***** so what were you talking about with pilot when you said you found quite a bit of information to be omitted . i can't allow alot of the show's general information into the article as the article is specifically about the episode and not the show . this what i've been able to scrap up . or was there something else you were thinking of when you mentioned this ?
0.15035391
so what were you talking about with pilot when you said you found quite a bit of information to be omitted i cant allow alot of the shows general information into the article as the article is specifically about the episode and not the show this what ive been able to scrpa up or was there something else you were thinking of when you mentioned this 
0.023399368
scrap

when you've created a page labelled greek economic aggression against macedonia , let me know .
0.16617121
when youve created a page labelled greek economic agrgession against macedonia let me know 
0.06377954
aggression

= = barnstar = = i got my own back by making some sneaky edits to your user page ! thanks for all your good work . : i'm as useless at conferring barnstars as i am at designing pages , but i join in the sentiments ! :: thanks guys ! —
0.06648161
barnstar i got my own back by making some sneaky edits to your user page thanks for all your good work im as uesless at conferring barnstars as i am at designing pages but i join in the sentiments thanks guys — 
0.052717857
useless

