you want to track me down ahole ? feel free to write me , give your email and i will meet you jerk !
0.73300433
you want to track me down ahole feel free to write me give your email and i will meet you jrek 
0.26827568
jerk

= = batwoman's introduction = = t-man , please see my comments at talk : batman #i added regarding batwoman's introduction to the comics as a response to wertham . i believe i have found some good source material . trying to be civil !
0.01658263
batwomans introduction tman please see my comments at talk batman i added regarding batwomans introduction to the comics as a response to wertham i believe i have found some good source material trying to eb civil 
0.008644194
be

= = advocate = = you told benon you want an advocate . go to wikipedia : ama advocates accepting inquiries and select one . i wish this thing would just go away , and you and i could try to get along .
0.117519386
advocate you told ebnon you want an advocate go to wikipedia ama advocates accepting inquiries and select one i wish this thing would just go away and you and i could try to get along 
0.110421196
benon

= = redirect = = is there any reason why this should not be redirected to interfaith , which means the same thing ?
0.0067714183
redirect is there any reason why this should not eb redirected to interfaith which means the same thing 
0.0032063017
be

= = transcarpathia = = the article claims the church is only dominanat in three regions ( i suppose you have lviv , ivano-frankivsk and ternopil in mind ? ) , actually it is also dominant in transcarpathia , although there it has diffrent roots steming from the union of uzzhorod . today it has a slightly diffrent status inside the ukrainian church so maybe that's why it wasn't included here . unfortunetly i'm not an expert on ecclesiastic history and my english is quite week so i'm unable to contribute to the article .
0.02994919
transcarpathia the article claims the churc is only dominanat in three regions i suppose you have lviv ivanofrankivsk and ternopil in mind actually it is also dominant in transcarpathia although there it has diffrent roots steming from the union of uzzhorod today it has a slightly diffrent status inside the ukrainian hcurch so maybe thats why it wasnt included here unfortunetly im not an expert on ecclesiastic history and my english is quite week so im unable to contribute to the article 
0.028647115
church

= = birthdate ? = = there seem to be some confusion about his birthdate . wiki and imdb says october 3 , but vh1.com says it's march 10 any other reliable source ?
0.023385186
birthdate there seem to be some confusion about his birthdate wiik and imdb says october 3 but vh1com says its march 10 any other reliable source 
0.019497687
wiki

god fuck you too , pimple ass . my additions are better , you guys are just to stupid to realize it .
0.9597585
god ufck you too pimple ass my additions are better you guys are just to stupid to realize it 
0.9182623
fuck

= = b kobres concedes work of dr. rex curry http://rexcurry.net/wikipedia-lies.html = = b kobres has conceded the historical discoveries of dr. rex curry concerning symbolism under the horrid national socialist german workers ' party . http://rexcurry.net/book1a1contents-swastika.html even after conceding that the information could not be disputed , b kobres nevertheless indicated his desire to suppress the information in order to maintain the intellectual errors that kobres has mistakenly perpetuated in his past . a google post also covers the topic at http://groups.google.com/group/alt.politics.libertarian/browse_frm/thread/86dd295af96947f6/b4429553f79b3675#b4429553f79b3675 wikilings do their dirty work anonymously , hiding behind names that do not identify them because they are ashamed to admit who they are and what they do . the practice is so widespread on wikipedia that people like kobres have inspired and acquired the term wikilings and wikiling writers as a reference to their bad behavior . b kobres deletes valid responses to the personal attacks and kookiness of himself and other wikilings ; but , b kobres does not delete the personal attacks and kookiness of other wikilings who write with him . kobres protects the personal attacks and kookiness of wikilings who write with him . http://rexcurry.net/wikipedialies.html b kobres deletes accurate information about the discoveries by dr. rex curry that expose the history of nazism in the usa . http://rexcurry.net/wikipedia-lies.html wikilings delete anything , including even links , to accurate information . they delete accurate information that is posted on “ discussion ” pages , which are supposedly for discussion , but are not . discussion pages are where wikilings insult people and then delete responses to the insults . wikipedia is a completely untrustworthy source of information because it enables wikiling administrators to delete accurate information , but also to ban people who post accurate information , in order to prevent accurate information from being re-posted .
0.100849375
b kobres concedes work of dr rex curry httprexcurrynetwikipedialieshtml b kobres has conceded the historical discoveries of dr rex curry concerning symbolism under the horrid national socialist german workers party httprexcurrynetbook1a1contentsswastikahtml even after conceding that the information could not be disputed b kobres nevertheless indicated his desire to suppress the information in order to maintain the intellectual errors that kobres has mistakenly perpetuated in his past a google post also covers the topic at httpgroupsgooglecomgroupaltpoliticslibertarianbrowsefrmthread86dd295af96947f6b4429553f79b3675b4429553f79b3675 wikilings do their drity work anonymously hiding behind names that do not identify them because they are ashamed to admit who they are and what they do the practice is so widespread on wikipedia that people like kobres have inspired and acquired the term wikilings and wikiling writers as a reference to their bad behavior b kobres deletes valid responses to the personal attacks and kookiness of himself and other wikilings but b kobres does not delete the personal attacks and kookiness of other wikilings who write with him kobres protects the personal attacks and kookiness of wikilings who write with him httprexcurrynetwikipedialieshtml b kobres deletes accurate information about the discoveries by dr rex curry that expose the history of nazism in the usa httprexcurrynetwikipedialieshtml wikilings delete anything including even links to accurate information they delete accurate information that is posted on “ discussion ” pages which are supposedly for discussion but are not discussion pages are where wikilings insult people and then delete responses to the insults wikipedia is a completely untrustworthy source of information because it enables wikiling administrators to delete accurate information but also to ban people who post accurate information in order to prevent accurate information from being reposted 
0.08594065
dirty

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . if you are stuck , and looking for help , please come to the wikipedia boot camp , where experienced wikipedians can answer any queries you have ! or , you can just type {{ helpme }} on your user page , and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . here are a few more good links for to help you get started : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you have any questions , check out wikipedia : where to ask a question or ask me on my talk page . again , welcome !
0.02128902
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay if you are stuck and looking for help please come to the wikipedia obot camp where experienced wikipedians can answer any queries you have or you can just type helpme on your user page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions here are a few more good links for to help you get started the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you have any questions check out wikipedia where to ask a question or ask me on my talk page again welcome 
0.01733056
boot

::: okay , let's go over the good reviews statement . reviews where ? newspapers , magazines , tv ? do you have clippings ? even if they're not online , it could be helpful for you to list them here . = = biography = = even though this probably can't go into the article since it's not verified , could you please give me some more biographical information , at least here ? it will help improve the article indirectly , by giving me ( and other editors ) more context , as well as potential other locations to do research . for example , which town were you born in , what did your parents do , which schools did you go to , when did you first start playing around with magic , where was your first performance , do you have any family members who are in the magician trade ? i've got more questions too , but we can start with those . ;)
0.024310095
okay lets go over the good reviews statement reviews where newspapers magazines tv do you have clippings even if theyre not online it could be helpful for you to list them here biography even though this probably cant go into the article since its not verified could you please give me some more biographical information at least here it will help improve the article indirectly by giving me and other editors more context as well as potential other locations to do research for example which town were you born in what did your parents do which schools did you go to when did you first start playing around with magic where was your first performance do you have any family members who are in the magiican trade ive got more questions too but we can start with those 
0.023724064
magician

