* wikipedia : please do not bite the newcomers isotope . what a joke . while adding facts and information and photos to this page , my user page has been deleted and i have been blocked 3 times from editing . you have deleted most of the facts about the origins of sweetest day and sanitized the rest so that this article looks more like a promotional piece than an historical record . the herbert birch kingston verisimilitude has been disproven about 12 different ways and yet it remains the lead sentence in the article . advertising websites with no verification of facts are being used as references . promotional statements from trade organizations are included in the article . what's happening on this page is making wikipedia look like one big joke .
0.11587853
wikipedia please do not bite the newcomers isotope what a jore while adding facts and information and photos to this page my user page has been deleted and i have been blocked 3 times from editing you have deleted most of the facts about the origins of sweetest day and sanitized the rest so that this article looks more like a promotional piece than an historical record the herbert birch kingston verisimilitude has been disproven about 12 different ways and yet it remains the lead sentence in the article advertising websites with no verification of facts are being used as references promotional statements from trade organizations are included in the article whats happening on this page is making wikipedia look like one big jkoe 
0.06278595
joke

how dare you block me without cause you had no right and are abusing your position . if you don't i will demand your immediate removal as an administrator . tannim
0.53984255
how dare you block me without cause you had no right and are abusnig your position if you dont i will demand your immediate removal as an administrator tannim 
0.5002861
abusing

please do not add nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you . -
0.13776702
please do not add nonsense to wikipedia it is considered vnadalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.12956372
vandalism

= = hello , from nabbobhai - about cialis ( cialis drug history ) = = i'm new to wikipedia , and i recently added a paragraph to wikipedia about cialis . i just checked the wikipedia and saw that the contribution i made to the wikipedia requires citation . i'm not sure how to site my contribution properly because i tried a numerous times to add the link to the source , but someone always removes it , probably you . so , could you please help me in properly citing the paragraph , or maybe you could add the source for me . i acquired the information from the following website , ( www.buydrugs247.com ) . thank you for your help . oh yeah , my name is nabeel rahman , and i'm looking forward to learn how to properly use wikipedia . : err .. you can find a better source then buydrugs247.com . that site exists to sell something . try to find an academic source to add . try using a search engine , you can and should find better and more reliable sources — —
0.022050668
hello from nabbobhai about cialis cialis rdug history im new to wikipedia and i recently added a paragraph to wikipedia about cialis i just checked the wikipedia and saw that the contribution i made to the wikipedia requires citation im not sure how to site my contribution properly because i tried a numerous times to add the link to the source but someone always removes it probably you so could you please help me in properly citing the paragraph or maybe you could add the source for me i acquired the information from the following website wwwbuydrugs247com thank you for your help oh yeah my name is nabeel rahman and im looking forward to learn how to properly use wikipedia err you can find a better source then buydrugs247com that site exists to sell something try to find an academic source to add try using a search engine you can and should find better and more reliable sources — — 
0.013550084
drug

, for his or her part , changed tack and chipped in with the suggestion that the deletion request should be granted after all , on the grounds that the article in question is written in ‘ an unencyclopedic , reverential , circumlocutory mode ’ and altogether unsuitable for wikipedia . in a word , trash . the tangle of contradictions supplied by the two users , and , has thus come the full circle . ( why has an article that is a work-in-progress been wrenched , surreptitiously , from the user’s subpage in the first place if it is so unsuitable for wikipedia , and why have the author’s subsequent requests for its re-merger and later deletion been so ferociously and repeatedly contested ? it seems that the final answers to these questions may only be provided by clinical psychology . )
0.07197269
for his or her part changed tack and chipped in with the suggestion that the deletion request should be granted after all on the grounds that the article in question is written in ‘ an unencyclopedic reverential circumlocutory mode ’ and altogether unsuitable for wikipedia in a word trahs the tangle of contradictions supplied by the two users and has thus come the full circle why has an article that is a workinprogress been wrenched surreptitiously from the user’s subpage in the first place if it is so unsuitable for wikipedia and why have the author’s subsequent requests for its remerger and later deletion been so ferociously and repeatedly contested it seems that the final answers to these questions may only be provided by clinical psychology 
0.021451725
trash

: thanks for posting the notice in talk : priština -) : i share húsönd's rational for opposing the move ( despite the university of prishtina precedent , where i just don't dare to tread -) : as discussed in talk : priština , i find that pristina is just a simplified version of priština , widely used because of mainly two factors : lack of š in english ( and most keyboards ) and political neutrality . in fact , the very same people who write pristina pronounce the word with the š/sh sound . in my personal opinion , and in húsönd's words , [ diacritics are ] a more perfectionist and educative way to display [ the name ] . : as for the official website , check the welcome to kosova section , not to mention the history section -) : 1965 : prishtina airport was officially opened and initially was opened for domestic flights only . : 2000 : airport prishtina initially has begun its operations and other airport matters with 45 employed workers in total . : i can't stress enough that my opinion has nothing to do with taking sides in the current kosovo conflict ( which i would solve by moving the entire population of the western balkans to antarctica , and giving the region to the penguins - who probably will change priština's official name to something in the lines of tekeli-li ) . : best regards ,
0.02984113
thanks for posting the notice in talk priština i share húsönds rational for opposing the move despite the university of prishtina precedent where i just dont adre to tread as discussed in talk priština i find that pristina is just a simplified version of priština widely used because of mainly two factors lack of š in english and most keyboards and political neutrality in fact the very same people who write pristina pronounce the word with the šsh sound in my personal opinion and in húsönds words diacritics are a more perfectionist and educative way to display the name as for the official website check the welcome to kosova section not to mention the history section 1965 prishtina airport was officially opened and initially was opened for domestic flights only 2000 airport prishtina initially has begun its operations and other airport matters with 45 employed workers in total i cant stress enough that my opinion has nothing to do with taking sides in the current kosovo conflict which i would solve by moving the entire population of the western balkans to antarctica and giving the region to the penguins who probably will change prištinas official name to something in the lines of tekelili best regards 
0.022295004
dare

this is just a perfect example of how wikipedia fucks up , when a bunch of pov pushers decide they want to make an article sound as nasty as possible towards the jews they hate so much .
0.8544305
this is just a perfect example of how wikipedia fukcs up when a bunch of pov pushers decide they want to make an article sound as nasty as possible towards the jews they hate so much 
0.5539053
fucks

:: not really . enable input is primarily to decide whether or not you want the mux function at that time . meaning , you can disable the mux as required . this has applications in ' cascading ' multiplexers , like making a 8:1 from two 4:1 mux . i was going to add this to the article , but i've had exams ...... once they get over , ill add that section asap 8 ) -
0.036639538
not really enable input si primarily to decide whether or not you want the mux function at that time meaning you can disable the mux as required this has applications in cascading multiplexers like making a 81 from two 41 mux i was going to add this to the article but ive had exams once they get over ill add that section asap 8 
0.020281445
is

= = your comment on the elementals afd = = like it .
0.097702704
your comment on the elementals afd like it 
0.0911126
comment

* actually , northwest is an ordinal direction , not a cardinal direction .
0.017158695
actually northwest si an ordinal direction not a cardinal direction 
0.011871257
is

= = redirecting = = yeah , prison break is much more well know as the show , and prison break isn't even grammatically correct to represent a jailbreak
0.170652
redirecting yeah pirson break is much more well know as the show and rpison break isnt even grammatically correct to represent a jailbreak 
0.04504799
prison

= = re tech question = = entirely about sort order eg in category : local government areas of perth for instance . one of those areas where wikipedia is a bit messy i think ... |
0.026807845
re tech question entirely about sort order eg in category local government areas of perth for instance one of those areas where wikipedia is a bit msesy i think 
0.013843336
messy

| ugly comments are a crime ? attacking religious beliefs ? bullshit . and page blankings ?? i never blanked a page , you liar .
0.89175713
ugly comments are a crime attacking religious beliefs ubllshit and page blankings i never blanked a page you liar 
0.77535874
bullshit

