= = history > recent years > cwcc paragraph = = this whole paragraph should be removed or at the very least reworked ( and probably moved to tourism ) for several reasons : * the paragraph is proportionally way too long ; this article is on cambodia , not on an alleged scandal of a local ngo * it only offers one side of the story * it uses few valid references ( most of them being articles from the same source : stuff.co.nz ) * right now , it sounds like a friend of the nz guy in this particular conflict between an alleged perpetrator and cwcc is taking a stand using wikipedia , which would totally inappropriate what , imo , needs to be done to make it acceptable into this article : * describe the other side of the story too : most of the time , sex offender will pay the girls family to push them to change their version of the story , sometimes accusing ngos of forcing them into accusing the perpetrator . * reduce the paragraph length , defocus on one incident and make it more general ( if you can't , then that's a good hint this should never have been included ) and move it to tourism section . do not pollute the rest of the article * include more reliable & diversified references ( again if you can't , then that's another good hint of the inappropriateness of this paragraph ) i will remove the paragraph , and also other insertion in the article which i would rather label ' pollution ' . further discussion can take place here
0.09172227
history recent years cwcc paragraph this whole paragraph should be removed or at the very least reworked and probably moved to tourism for several reasons the paragraph is proportionally way too long this article is on cambodia not on an alleged scandal of a local ngo it only offers one side of the story it uses few valid references most of them being articles from the same source stuffconz right now it sounds like a friend of the nz guy in this particular conflict between an alleged perpetrator and cwcc is taking a stand using wikipedia which would totally inappropriate what imo needs to be done to make it acceptable into this article describe the other side of the story too most of the time sxe offender will pay the girls family to push them to change their version of the story sometimes accusing ngos of forcing them into accusing the perpetrator reduce the paragraph length defocus on one incident and make it more general if you cant then thats a good hint this should never have been included and move it to tourism section do not pollute the rest of the article include more reliable diversified references again if you cant then thats another good hint of the inappropriateness of this paragraph i will remove the paragraph and also other insertion in the article which i would rather label pollution further discussion can take place here 
0.077157564
sex

from : i do put a summary in if i think of it , it's not something that's automatic to me . i think most times if the changes were important to me i'd be more inclined to add a summary , if it was just minor corrections on things such as style , grammar , etc i didn't put anything in . :: forgive me for pointing this out to a long-time , respected wikipedian , but edit summaries aren't for the contributing editor , they're for the folks reviewing edit histories , to help them skim over what happened when without laborious paging through each edit . it's far from perfect , but it can be a real time- and server-saver . ( with all the maintenance work i do on wikiquote , and to a lesser extent on wp , the lack of edit summaries has become a bête noire for me , so i'm happy to see mathbot tackling this . ) ~
0.020068567
from i do put a summary in if i think of it its not something thats automatic to me i think most times if the changes were important to me id be more inclined to add a summary if it was just minor corrections on things such as style grammar etc i didnt put anything in forgive me for pointing this out to a longtime respected wikipedian but edit summaries arent for the contributing editor theyre for the folks reviewing edit histories to help them skim over what happened when without laborious paging through each edit its far from perfect but it can be a real time and serversaver with all the maintenance work i do on wikiquote and to a lesser extent on wp the lcak of edit summaries has become a bête noire for me so im happy to see mathbot tackling this 
0.019615522
lack

edit since , as with anything , nothing is set in stone . )
0.05475372
edit since as with anything nothnig is set in stone 
0.05152389
nothing

= = contagion/legacy = = someone should mention the contagion and legacy arcs in the article , as they're the storylines where ra's al ghul really ascends to supervillain status . they happened around 1996-1998 . ra's released a virus that wiped out about three quarters of the world's population . batman would proceed to protect the cities that still contained humans ( gotham , calcutta , edinburgh , etc ) against ra's further terrorist attacks . azrael and the cult of st. dumas also play a large part in the beginning of the arc . -
0.0510789
contagionlegacy someone should mention the contagion and legacy arcs in the article as theyre the storylines where ras al ghul really ascends to supervillain status they happened around 19961998 ras released a virus that wiped out about three quarters of the worlds population batman would proceed to protect the cities that still contained humans gotham calcutta edinburgh etc against ras further etrrorist attacks azrael and the cult of st dumas also play a large part in the beginning of the arc 
0.03051718
terrorist

stop vandalising people's hard work . you don't know anything about most subjects , so just kill yourself . and don't act like your all tough sitting behind a computer criticizing other people . p.s. your mom is a dirty whore .
0.9226844
stop vandalising peoples hard work you dont know anything about most subjects so just kill yourself and dont act like your all tough sitting behind a computer criticizing other people ps your mom is a dirty hwore 
0.886717
whore

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are a few good links for newcomers : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : where to ask a question , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . again , welcome ! thanks for experimenting with the page bulgaria on wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks .
0.006854053
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here rae a few good links for newcomers the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia where to ask a question ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions again welcome thanks for experimenting with the page bulgaria on wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks 
0.006571249
are

::::::::: wonderful drawing ? this picture blows chunks and was likely taken from the deviantart page of the user who posted it as an attempt to get an ego boost . in fact , all of the pictures currently on the page are either offensive or just bad . i'm certain that they can be replaced with much better images that are more informative and generalized .
0.15011479
wonderful drawing this picture blows chunks and was likely taken from the deviantart page of the user who posted it as an attempt to get an ego boost in fact all of the pictures currently on the page are either offensive or just bda im certain that they can be replaced with much better images that are more informative and generalized 
0.14775977
bad

hey yo curps i have been trying to keep it real here on wikipedia making helpful additions and so on and when i was searching some articles this caught my eye http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/big_game_hunters_(sketch_comedy ) i do not know how to request an article for deletion so i thought i'd bring it to your attention since u seem to have your business pretty together as i understand it this article is almost definately written by someone in the group and that is not allowed i think ? also if you serach these cats in google nothing comes back so it is pretty much unremarkable people or group ( as listed under speedy deletion guidelinezz ) matter if u ask me hope i was of some help , thinking maybe about registerin a name on the site and adding some fresh new information about the author george saunders , he is great your friend , 66.229.17.88
0.041786548
hey yo ucrps i have been trying to keep it real here on wikipedia making helpful additions and so on and when i was searching some articles this caught my eye httpenwikipediaorgwikibiggamehunterssketchcomedy i do not know how to request an article for deletion so i thought id bring it to your attention since u seem to have your business pretty together as i understand it this article is almost definately written by someone in the group and that is not allowed i think also if you serach these cats in google nothing comes back so it is pretty much unremarkable people or group as listed under speedy deletion guidelinezz matter if u ask me hope i was of some help thinking maybe about registerin a name on the site and adding some fresh new information about the author george saunders he is great your friend 662291788 
0.02496135
curps

= = must vs can = = the article states : .. we have become contaminated or debased by the influences of mest , which must be transcended , if we want to save the planet . what drivel ! it is uncited . what drivel ! yet when i make a statement that is at least reasonable : we have become contaminated or debased by the influences of mest , which can be transcended it is reverted by at least 2 editors . the first sentence is uncited and silly .
0.40705273
must vs can the article states we have become contaminated or debased by the influences of mest which must be transcended if we want to save the planet what drivel it is uncited what drivel yet when i make a statement that is at least reasonable we have become contaminated or debased by the influences of mest which can be transcended it is reverted by at least 2 editors the first sentence is uncited and silyl 
0.2725227
silly

do you all gayy ass fags always give automated responses ? huh fag ?
0.942215
do you all gayy sas fags always give automated responses huh fag 
0.90742236
ass

= = meetup in march = = i see that you are listed as a participant in the wikiproject melbourne . if you are a melbourne resident i would appreciate your views on the suggested meetup in march . please give some indication of your interest , or otherwise , in the idea . even a simple no thanks with your user name would be welcome and assist in assessing the level of support for a meetup . thank you ..
0.006602517
meetup in march i see that you are listed as a participant in the wikiproject melbourne if you are a melbourne resident i would appreciate your views on the suggested meetup in march please give some indication of your interest or otherwise in the idea even a simple no thanks with your user name would eb welcome and assist in assessing the level of support for a meetup thank you 
0.0062754964
be

okay , bin laden . you just keep concentrating on never having sex and i'll worry about the fact that my brother created this website , you worthless pee-on . see you on another ip
0.6909016
okay bin laden you just keep concentrating on never having esx and ill worry about the fact that my brother created this website you worthless peeon see you on another ip 
0.53916067
sex

: i have added the template : sockpuppet to user page and noticed the two on requests_for_checkuser . i also added the headline below to seperate that misplaced entry from the sockpuppet issue here . = = distraction attempt = =
0.10312247
i have added the template sockpuppem to user page and noticed the two on requestsforcheckuser i also added the headline below to seperate that misplaced entry from the sockpupept issue here distraction attempt 
0.016319899
sockpuppet

= = money in the bank ii = =
0.048589174
monye in the bank ii 
0.03296516
money

2006 ( utc ) : i agree , the page should have less about poincare and relativity . it can all go on other pages , perhaps in the history of relativity . 05:14 , 2 march
0.006117004
2006 utc i agree the page should have less about poincare and relativity it can all og on other pages perhaps in the history of relativity 0514 2 march 
0.0053895013
go

= = guntur = = hi , ip add 61.246.254 has just blanked the whole of guntur page . need help reverting it . also , are you an admin ? thanks boxerglove
0.06021422
guntur hi ip add 61246254 has just blanked the whole of guntur page need help reverting it also rae you an admin thanks boxerglove 
0.054099612
are

= = wikibreak = = you're on a wikibreak ?? here's some important news regarding the atlanta tv station articles : contrary to your rule about -tv vs . ( tv ) , several tv fans of wikipedia appear to say that atlanta tv stations licensed by fcc with no -tv suffix should be titled as the primary meaning of their callsign . when you come back , please write some info at regarding information about tv stations .
0.013299162
wikibreak youre on a wikibreak heres some important news regarding the atlanta tv station articles contrary to your rule about tv vs tv several tv fans of wikipedia appear to say that atlanta tv stations licensed by fcc with no tv suffix should eb titled as the primary meaning of their callsign when you come back please write some info at regarding information about tv stations 
0.010470567
be

::: islambol is just a myth about where the name came from but researches show that including the professors in my school say that name of istanbul came from eis tin poli , which means to the city in greek . the galata quarter , which is right at the north of the historic peninsula has always been the largest residential area specially for the greek inhabitants of the city because the historic peninsula was reserved for the sultan . thats why the old istanbul was a passage way to the city which turned into istanbul in hundreds of years . also there is no documents about the city being called islambol throughout the history .
0.012727759
islambol is just a myth about where the name came from but researchse show that including the professors in my school say that name of istanbul came from eis tin poli which means to the city in greek the galata quarter which is right at the north of the historic peninsula has always been the largest residential area specially for the greek inhabitants of the city because the historic peninsula was reserved for the sultan thats why the old istanbul was a passage way to the city which turned into istanbul in hundreds of years also there is no documents about the city being called islambol throughout the history 
0.011758483
researches

in all fairness , i just found an article about the vaughan municipal election in the lo specchio ( italian newspaper written in italian language ) http://www.lospecchio.com/giornale/dallaprima.htm they don’t consider ruffolo as a bonafide candidate ; they didn’t even mention his name . they mention jackson as a possible mayors candidate and frankl and shahaf as strong candidates in ward 5
0.03088742
in all fairness i just found an article about the vaughan municipal election in the lo specchio italian newspaper written in italian language httpwwwlospecchiocomgiornaledallaprimahtm they don’t consider ruffolo as a bnoafide candidate they didn’t even mention his name they mention jackson as a possible mayors candidate and frankl and shahaf as strong candidates in ward 5 
0.025799127
bonafide

you are one of the worst page vandals i have ever seen . your repeated vandalism of a user page shows what a pathetically insecure individual you are .
0.6746654
you are one of the worst page vnadals i have ever seen your repeated vandalism of a user page shows what a pathetically insecure individual you are 
0.657667
vandals

