further attempts without at least 3-4 references will prompt consideration of a ban on future articles .
0.013551997
further attempts without at least 34 references will prompt consideration of a abn on future articles 
0.0045408495
ban

= = busking and street performing not the same . do not merge . = = please do not merge these two topics . the only thing that the share is the venue , in every other way they are very different forms of performance as the entry of street performance clearly states . if you merge busking and street theatre , then you might as well merge opera and ballet because they share the same stage . one of the main reasons to have a street performing entry is to make clear the distinction between this and busking .
0.018908897
buskicng and street performing not the same do not merge please do not merge these two topics the only thing that the share is the venue in every other way they are very different forms of performance as the entry of street performance clearly states if you merge buskign and street theatre then you might as well merge opera and ballet because they share the same stage one of the main reasons to have a street performing entry is to make clear the distinction between this and bsuking 
0.007736417
busking

jimmy d'allessio can't rasp for his life ! feces
0.67847955
jimmy dallessio cant rasp for his life efces 
0.4348587
feces

= = list of recent changes = = requested by sarge baldy , even though they've already been discussed extensively . # we don't need minutia about cromwell in the intro . # this article is about the political meaning of anarchism the belief that forms of rulership are undesireable , and should be abolished . # we don't need the gobbletygook about degrees of commonality and conflict . # please don't hide the fact that proudhon was anti-communist . # proudhon details should go in the proudhon article , not here . # anarchist schools should precede all the sundry issue-oriented sects . # bullshit about misc . non-anarchist leftie movements don't belong in the [ i]anarchism without adjectives[/i ] paragraph . # ancap books should not be censored .
0.34692714
list of recent changes requested by sarge baldy even though theyve already been discussed extensively we dont need minutia about cromwell in the intro this article is about the political meaning of anarchism the belief that forms of rulership are undesireable and should be abolished we dont need the gobbletygook about degrees of commonality and conflict please dont hide the fact that proudhon was anticommunist proudhon details should go in the proudhon article not here anarchist schools should precede all the sundry issueoriented sects blulshit about misc nonanarchist leftie movements dont belong in the ianarchism without adjectivesi paragraph ancap books should not be censored 
0.072637625
bullshit

= = aberdeen = = is school reunion the first time we find out that where the doctor had mistakenly dropped sarah off at instead of south croydon ? or was aberdeen mentioned before ? should the article be updated to make note of that ?
0.029685896
aberdeen si school reunion the first time we find out that where the doctor had mistakenly dropped sarah off at instead of south croydon or was aberdeen mentioned before should the article be updated to make note of that 
0.018273711
is

= = canada and the war on terrorism = = canada's waging its own war on terrorism , operation apollo in afghanistan . should my country be added under the primary participants or other important figures ? -
0.0798025
canada and the war on terxrorism canadas waging its own war on terrorism operation apollo in afghanistan should my country be added under the primary participants or other important figures 
0.052216083
terrorism

= = toxins = = on the section on toxins , do you think it is relevant to mention that many members of the legume family ( including plants that look like beans and many that bear the common name of bean ) are actually quite poisonous and not usable as food sources ?
0.07198021
toxins on the section on toxins do you think it is relevant to mention that many members of the legume family including plants that look like beans and many that bear the common name of bean are actually quite opisonous and not usable as food sources 
0.03341418
poisonous

= = military history wikiproject newsletter - issue ii = = the april 2006 issue of the project newsletter is now out . you may read this issue or change the format in which future issues will be delivered to you by following the link . thanks .
0.009841661
military history wikiproject newsletter issue ii the april 2006 issue of the project newsletter is now out you may read this issue or change the format in which future issues will eb delivered to you by following the link thanks 
0.0074545867
be

i dunno how bush can take credit for it , when according to the article ike did back in the 50's
0.021030406
i dunno how bush cna take credit for it when according to the article ike did back in the 50s 
0.020531902
can

: fuck off and rape your kids , fenian bogtrotting shit . i hope the ones you love die in a cock accident . = = trepens epichal = = hello , fat , ugly , lonely , smelly little boy . only here can you conceit yourself human . isn't that right , chum ? only here can you pretend you're liked , pretend you mean something , pretend you have some value in the eyes of the world , when really ... you're a nothing . i am very disappointed .
0.92810166
fcuk off and rape your kids fenian bogtrotting shit i hope the ones you love die in a cock accident trepens epichal hello fat ugly lonely smelly little boy only here can you conceit yourself human isnt that right chum only here can you pretend youre liked pretend you mean something pretend you have some value in the eyes of the world when really youre a nothing i am very disappointed 
0.91847783
fuck

''' hey , dudes . can someone actually click one of links above and comment on the information ?
0.09554398
hey uddes can someone actually click one of links above and comment on the information 
0.042647462
dudes

my school fortunetely decided that we can learn them instead at the signs that russian occupation is declining in poland .
0.09603648
my school fortunetely decided that we can learn them instead at the signs that russian occupation si declining in poland 
0.07701288
is

dear dmcdevit , i don't admit any guilt in editing today . you see , all wikipedians engage in edit wars , some of them get punished for that . if you decide to punish me , let it be so . if you decide to punish only me , ... we'll discuss it later if needed ( for now , see the discussion below ) . : as for this , so this is really serious . my new last-resort method against wikipropagandists . can you imagine what a mess would occur in russia-related pages if i fulfill my threat , and recruit other rus . -literate wikipedians to it ( without pov-pushing or trolling , mere supply of article names and external links ) ? in order to prevent that and keep each side on it's country pages ) , you admins and bureucrats should carefully and actively treat the issue of pro-russian propaganda . thanks for your intervention and sorry . = = = discussing wikicrimes and punishments = = = :
0.1160809
dear dmcdevit i dont admit any guilt in editing today you see all wikipedians engage in edit wars some of them get punished for that if you decide to punish me let it be so if you decide to punish only me well discuss it later if needed for now see the discussion below as for this so this is really serious my new lastresort method against wikipropagandists can you imagine what a mses would occur in russiarelated pages if i fulfill my threat and recruit other rus literate wikipedians to it without povpushing or trolling mere supply of article names and external links in order to prevent that and keep each side on its country pages you admins and bureucrats should carefully and actively treat the issue of prorussian propaganda thanks for your intervention and sorry discussing wikicrimes and punishments 
0.10674612
mess

still waiting on where i personally attacked you .... if you knew anything you would know by reading the original page i had put up , i never personally attacked you .....
0.35888943
still waiting on where i personally attcaked you if you knew anything you would know by reading the original page i had put up i never personally attcaked you 
0.2420639
attacked

= = an e-mail was just sent to you ( re : conversation with wales ) = = once again , a personal attack is being made against user : goddessy by user : postdlf ( see above ) and user : postdlf is using his personal disdain for us as well as the subject ( stephanie adams ) towards an attempt to butcher the article . this person is acting as more than one user and administrator on this site to bully and force a resolution that is not , in fact , a resolution because we did not agree to it and they cannot just stop the mediation whenever they feel like it beccause they want to win . a discussion was made with the founder of this site and we will await your reply to our personal e-mail address . regards , goddessy
0.11723681
an email was just sent to you re conversation with wales once again a personal attack is being made against user goddessy by user postdlf see above and user postdlf is using his personal disdain for us as well as the subject stephanie adams towards an attempt to butcher the article this person is acting as more than one user and administrator on this site to ublly and force a resolution that is not in fact a resolution because we did not agree to it and they cannot just stop the mediation whenever they feel like it beccause they want to win a discussion was made with the founder of this site and we will await your reply to our personal email address regards goddessy 
0.08883577
bully

