= = my tourettes = = i have a very debilitating form of tourettes that makes it virtually impossible for me to leave the house - due to the strong taboo attatched to one of my main verbal tic , which is to let out a shout of the n-word ( particularly when i get anxious or stressed ) . due to this being an extremely taboo racial slur i feel unable to risk causing the kind of offense that i would by going out , particularly when i could come across black people in daily life . does anyone else have a particularly bad manifestation that makes a social life almost impossible ? i read about a poor man whose tic was related to child-rape - even worse than my own , probably . the problem is that the more taboo a word or phrase is , and the earlier you pick it up , the more it feeds into the tourettes . i hope there is one day a cure because my life is miserable .
0.2489849
my tourettes i have a very debilitating form of tourettes that makes it virtually impossible for me to leave the house due to the strong taboo attatched to one of my main verbal tic which is to let out a shout of the nword particularly when i get anxious or stressed due to this being an extremely taboo racial slur i feel unable to risk causing the kind of offense that i would by going out particularly when i could come across black people in daily life does anyone else have a particularly bad manifestation that makes a social life almost impossible i read about a poor man whose tic was related to childrape even worse than my own probably the problem is that the more taboo a word or phrase is and the earlier you pick it up the more it feeds into the tourettes i hope there is one day a cure because my life is miesrable 
0.16486517
miserable

i fail to see how your own speculation or opinion have any bearing on the relivance of this statement . it's a sourced statement . did it really happen the way it said in the book ? what qualification do any of us have to question that ? right now we have information from a book versus your thoughts . i don't see a conflict . i continualy see an arguement from this stand point : i don't think it is absolutly crucial to have this info on this article so it has to be deleted . since jimbo wales has said that he invisions wikipedia as a place where the sum of all human knowledge can be found i would say : when in doubt , leave the info .
0.029376438
i fial to see how your own speculation or opinion have any bearing on the relivance of this statement its a sourced statement did it really happen the way it said in the book what qualification do any of us have to question that right now we have information from a book versus your thoughts i dont see a conflict i continualy see an arguement from this stand point i dont think it is absolutly crucial to have this info on this article so it has to be deleted since jimbo wales has said that he invisions wikipedia as a place where the sum of all human knowledge can be found i would say when in doubt leave the info 
0.027387854
fail

you only need to look at his history and archives and you know the problem is not mine . instead , ask yourself how is it that he gets into trouble with anons throughout his wiki career when no one else did ? on 2nd thoughts , you better not ask him , because he sees it as a compliment and an achievement towards his goal of being special . he wants to be ' immortalised ' like he said , but too bad , no one really notices him , and therefore he targets even more anons . like i said , his selfish agenda is only harming wikipedia , and you guys need to be less shallow and see things not only on the surface , and not judge when you have a forgone conclusion in mind .
0.22046077
you only need to look at his history and archives and you know the problem is not mine instead ask yourself how is it that he gets into trouble with anons throughout his wiki career when no one else did on 2nd thoughts you better not ask him because he sees it as a compliment and an achievement towards his goal of being special he wants to be immortalised like he said but too bad no one really notices him and therefore he targets even more anons like i said his selfsih agenda is only harming wikipedia and you guys need to be less shallow and see things not only on the surface and not judge when you have a forgone conclusion in mind 
0.17163916
selfish

jiang was a . this article is a disgrace . it covers up all of the man's evil deeds .
0.5794826
jiang was a this article is a digsrace it covers up all of the mans evil deeds 
0.354232
disgrace

= = family guy and the simpsons ? = = i don't think oft-satirical cartoons should be used to describe anyones comedic style . i recall someone saying on this talk page that other comedians ' views do not belong in a bio , and these are basically other comedians ' views of dennis miller's act . i think these quotes should be removed as they are both misleading and pov to some degree .
0.06570991
family ugy and the simpsons i dont think oftsatirical cartoons should be used to describe anyones comedic style i recall someone saying on this talk page that other comedians views do not belong in a bio and these are basically other comedians views of dennis millers act i think these quotes should be removed as they are both misleading and pov to some degree 
0.060495898
guy

: yea this is pretty much the worst article ever . please redo the entire thing .
0.435591
yea this is pretty much the wrost article ever please redo the entire thing 
0.2933239
worst

= = sex in space = = sweet . thanks for the education ! )
0.21571353
sxe in space sweet thanks for the education 
0.019251956
sex

= = i like = = i like how you mark almost all of your edits as minor , as if you're too humble to suggest that anything you add is major .
0.070112556
i like i like how you mark almost all of your edits as minor as if youre too humble to suggest that anything you add si major 
0.05988312
is

:: many is pov humus . there are millions of organizations out there . some folks wouldn't consider six organizations to be many in that context .
0.026434686
many si pov humus there are millions of organizations out there some folks wouldnt consider six organizations to be many in that context 
0.01599311
is

::: osli , pls refrain from aggressive actions as removing sourced parts as in naser orić article or articles related to srebrenica genocide . i showed what you did , so it is not about my language , it is about explaining your actions which are in my opinion not correct , because first you removed sourced part , then you said that you didn't do it , when i proved it to you , you accussed me of aggressive language . regards .
0.19876122
osli pls refrain from aqgressive actions as removing sourced parts as in naser orić article or articles related to srebrenica genocide i showed what you did so it is not about my language it is about explaining your actions which are in my opinion not correct because first you removed sourced part then you said that you didnt do it when i proved it to you you accussed me of aggrsesive language regards 
0.16724296
aggressive

:: false . i returned the part that you removed . that part was sourced . so you removed it . let me show you again : . yes , you said that you didn't do it , but anyone can check . you also didnt put the right terms which were used in the judgement so i corrected it , based on the source that you presented . regards .
0.075215265
flase i returned the part that you removed that part was sourced so you removed it let me show you again yes you said that you didnt do it but anyone can check you also didnt put the right terms which were used in the judgement so i corrected it based on the source that you presented regards 
0.040123817
false

= = indrancroos final proposal = = i am going to have my say on this ima section . otherwise , things would have to be edited , and edited , and edited . by the way , when is this every going to stop ?
0.08733723
indrancroos final proposal i am going to have my say on this ima section otherwise things would have to eb edited and edited and edited by the way when is this every going to stop 
0.05135653
be

