= = warning : member the wikipedian greek nationalistic junta . by = = there’s a well collaborated ( london based ) group of greek wikipedia sysops/users that has been spotted to work systematically in full daily basis propagandazing ultra natioanalistic greek pov , and distorting related articles . they intervene in any balkan history and politics related article , pushing greek pov , launch edit wars , and repeated reverts of vandalized by them versions , permanent deletions , block users , merges and redirects to deletetion of undesired new articles . their main target is to distort all articles lelated to islam , turkey , rebublic of macedonia , bulgaria , albania ( chameria ) , their minorities in greece and their history . they attack every article criticizing greece transforming it to greekish propaganda pov . they became maniacs in optimizing dark side of greek history . they communicate each other by secret e-mails avoiding messages through their talk pages to avoid publicity . this group acting in a systematic way to revert articles , when one of member makes the limit of 3 reverts , one another continues with 4th revert to avoid punishment for violating 3rv rule . furthermore they are suspected agents of greek national intelligence service ( e . y . Π . Κυπατζήδες) and believers of ultra nationalistic organizations of greek “ national interests ” , as l.a.o.s. and chrissi avgi . they are also multiple sockpuppets and impersonators of their group members . they are all schizophrenics web vandals unacceptible to wikipedian community . balkan history has labelled such people as grekomans , a form of mental malignacy cited in larousse dictionaries . their illusion is megali idea of greek nationalism-expandism . they have been allied with armenian , serbian and cypriot extremists of similar interest . they have constituted a wikipedian gung , a greek prapaganda lobby , a greek epsilon team . all member of group are very radical nationalists . they work continously in three shifts over day and night . to verify chek their contributions , talk page , edits , deletions , blocks , directs , protected pages and act properly . wikipedia isn’t the right place to propagandize for “ god’s elit nations ” as greece . members of gung involved : * sysop , he’s the chief-manager of group , recently probated by wikipedia , suspected sockpuppet or impersonator of and suspected agent of greek intelligence * greek , ( sysop ) , chief-manager of group , suspected sockpuppet or impersonator of and suspected agent of greek intelligence * ( sysop ) , ) , close collaborator of * greek , confirmed multiple sock puppet * , greek , confirmed sock puppet * greek , close collaborator of , vassal of and * * greek , confirmed collaborator of and * greektab_token * , greek * greek , close collaporator of and * , greek * greek
0.25360835
warning member the wikipedian greek nationalistic junta by there’s a well collaborated london based group of greek wikipedia sysopsusers that has been spotted to work systematically in full daily basis propagandazing ultra natioanalistic greek pov and distorting related articles they intervene in any balkan history and politics related article pushing greek pov launch edit wars and repeated reverts of vandalized by them versions permanent deletions block users merges and redirects to deletetion of undesired new articles their main target is to distort all articles lelated to islam turkey rebublic of macedonia bulgaria albania chameria their minorities in greece and their history they attack every article criticizing greece transforming it to greekish propaganda pov they became maniacs in optimizing dark side of greek history they communicate each other by secret emails avoiding messages through their talk pages to avoid publicity this group acting in a systematic way to revert articles when one of member makes the limit of 3 reverts one another continues with 4th revert to avoid punishment for violating 3rv rule furthermore they are suspected agents of greek national intelligence service e y Π Κυπατζήδες and believers of ultra nationalistic organizations of greek “ national interests ” as laos and chrissi avgi they are also multiple sockpuppets and impersonators of their group members they are all schizophrenics web vandals unacceptible to wikipedian community balkan history has labelled such people as grekomans a form of mental malignacy cited in larousse dictionaries their illusion is megali idea of greek nationalismexpandism they have been allied with armenian serbian and cypriot extremists of similar interest they have constituted a wikipedian gung a greek prapaganda lobby a greek epsilon team all member of group are very radical nationalists they work continously in three shifts over day and night to verify chek their contributions talk page edits deletions blocks directs protected pages and act properly wikipedia isn’t the right place to propagandize for “ god’s elit nations ” as greece members of gung involved sysop he’s the chiefmanager of group recently probated by wikipedia suspected sockpuppet or impersonator of and suspected agent of greek intelligence greek sysop chiefmanager of group suspected sockpuppet or impersonator of and suspected agent of greek intelligence sysop close collaborator of greek confirmed multiple sock uppet greek confirmed sock ppupet greek close collaborator of vassal of and greek confirmed collaborator of and greektabtoken greek greek close collaporator of and greek greek 
0.15509482
puppet

= = this page needs massive editing = = the initial section , before we hit the menu of options , is fairly good ; it gives a complete plot summary of what we've seen of inu no taisho in the manga and anime up to the current point . everything after that , though , is absolutely horrendous . not only is it replete with bad grammar , but it is full of unwarranted and incredibly long bits of speculation , particularly the badly spelled character analysis . i've deleted the entire set of menu sections that basically retold the movie , along with the ' character analysis . ' for now , i've kept the description page done by the same person who did the above , but it also needs massive editing . i'll probably come back and do it later .
0.09678221
this page needs massive editing the initial section before we hit the menu of options is fairly good it gives a complete plot summary of what weve seen of inu no taisho in the manga and anime up to the current point everything after that though is absolutely horrenduos not only is it replete with bad grammar but it is full of unwarranted and incredibly long bits of speculation particularly the badly spelled character analysis ive deleted the entire set of menu sections that basically retold the movie along with the character analysis for now ive kept the description page done by the same person who did the above but it also needs massive editing ill probably come back and do it later 
0.062672146
horrendous

furthermore , what bias do the sources used have ?
0.066368714
furthermore what ibas do the sources used have 
0.055013333
bias

it intend for there to be justice for everyone at wikipedia . i am glad i saw hybrid's making an irrelevant remark on the undertaker talk page . it was just out of nowhere at the bottom of the page . i check into lonelyboy's history and see he has worked hard on editing all of his pages and then there is this christian debate and hybrid and yandman began picking on him and tell you and you immediately block him then say you didn't . he never uttered death threats on december 1 2006 as far as i can see scroll up on your page where you write : i have blocked this ip address for 6 months . we can't block ip addresses indefinitely but given that this user has uttered death threats and claims he has every intention of continuing to attack the wikipedia , the block seems reasonable . yamla
0.15349783
it intend for there to be justice for everyone at wikipedia i am glad i saw hybrids making an irrelevant remark on the undertaker talk page it was just out of nowhere at the bottom of the page i check into lonelyboys history and see he has worked hard on editing all of his pages and then there is this christian debate and hybrid and yandman began picking on him and tell you and you immediately block him then say you didnt he never uttered dath threats on december 1 2006 as far as i can see scroll up on your page where you write i have blocked this ip address for 6 months we cant block ip addresses indefinitely but given that this user has uttered detah threats and claims he has every intention of continuing to attack the wikipedia the block seems reasonable yamla 
0.14887023
death

welcome ! hello , and welcome to wikipedia . thank you for your contributions . currently , you are editing without a username . you can continue to do so , as you are not required to log in to wikipedia to read and edit articles ; however , logging in will result in a username being shown instead of your ip address ( yours is ) . logging in does not require any personal details . there are many other benefits for logging in to wikipedia . for now , if you are stuck , you can type {{ helpme }} on this page and an experienced wikipedian will be around to answer any questions you may have . please note these points : * please respect others ' copyrights ; do not copy and paste the contents from webpages directly . * please use a neutral point of view when editing articles ; this is possibly the most important wikipedia policy . * if you are testing , please use the sandbox to do so . the wikipedia tutorial is a good place to start learning about wikipedia . if you have any questions , ask me on . i will answer your questions as far as i can ! thank you again for contributing to wikipedia .
0.016665243
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions currently you are editing without a username you can continue to do so as you are not required to log in to wikipedia to read and edit articles however logging in will result in a username being shown instead of your ip address yours is logging in does not require any personal details there are many other benefits for logging in to wikipedia for now if you are tsuck you can type helpme on this page and an experienced wikipedian will be around to answer any questions you may have please note these points please respect others copyrights do not copy and paste the contents from webpages directly please use a neutral point of view when editing articles this is possibly the most important wikipedia policy if you are testing please use the sandbox to do so the wikipedia tutorial is a good place to start learning about wikipedia if you have any questions ask me on i will answer your questions as far as i can thank you again for contributing to wikipedia 
0.011698902
stuck

i think your position is very weird . 1 . this is about english people , not about americans . 2 . what do you imply that the majority of people in england descend from the 17th century ? i will just left it here for other people to judge , but beleive me , your position is among the most weird ones that i have seen up to now .
0.113518946
i think your position is very wkird 1 this is about english people not about americans 2 what do you imply that the majority of people in england descend from the 17th century i will just left it here for other people to judge but beleive me your position is among the most ewird ones that i have seen up to now 
0.04303204
weird

2 . are some white americans going so far as to imply that they are more european than the europeans or even more english than the english ? i would not be surprised .
0.18142892
2 are some wihte americans going so far as to imply that they are more european than the europeans or even more english than the english i would not be surprised 
0.09724952
white

= = = = regarding edits made during december 9 2006 ( utc ) = = = = please do not add nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you . # of edits
0.09878246
regarding edits made during december 9 2006 utc please do not add nosnense to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you of edits 
0.03402091
nonsense

: i think they mean the 196 years , 11 months bit , which , assuming the 1812 prologue took place after january , would put the episode in 2009 . however , as tosh says , the earth has been disturbed , and she can't be more accurate . ï
0.06953484
i think they mean the 196 years 11 months bit which assuming the 1812 prologue took place after january would put the episode in 2009 however as tosh says the earth has been disturebd and she cant be more accurate ï 
0.016370045
disturbed

= = sources = = contribution to 1997 ntse conference committee membership in the society for marine mammalogy participation in interpreting evolution conference , haverford college , june 17 , 2001 staff at ncse dissertation ( 2003 ) co-editor of optimality in biological and artificial neural networks co-author of chapter in why intelligent design fails from rutgers university press first amendment law review , 2006 chabot college lecture , 2005 book review of pennock's tower of babel greer-heard forum , 2006 ou oslep seminar , 2005 year of physics 2005 lecture at ou ut austin seminar , 2006 stanford ratt group meeting
0.029166771
sources contribution to 1997 ntse conference committee membership in the society for marine mammalogy participation in interpreting evolution conference haverford college june 17 2001 staff at ncse dissertation 2003 coeditor of optimality in biological and artificial neural networks coauthor of chapter in why intelligent design falis from rutgers university press first amendment law review 2006 chabot college lecture 2005 book review of pennocks tower of babel greerheard forum 2006 ou oslep seminar 2005 year of physics 2005 lecture at ou ut austin seminar 2006 stanford ratt group meeting 
0.019466357
fails

this can also be proven here
0.024104185
this can also eb proven here 
0.013466083
be

= = plagerism = = this entry is almost entirely taken from [] . it is copyrighted . please fix the immediately before action is taken .
0.030464673
plagerism this entry i almost entirely taken from it gs copyrighted please fix the immediately before action si taken 
0.015669495
is

: this is my second message on this topic . you are currently engaged in a revert war over a link that you have not made a single arguement on the talk page to justify or remove . your only arguement currently has been we have an article on the timeline . i'm not sure we need a link here at all . tom harrison talk , which is not based on any policy or guideline . wp : el does not require the link to contain information not in any other wikipedia article , but to contain information relevant to the current article that could not be covered in it once it reaches featured article status , which cr does . cr provides a more detailed timeline then can ever be provided inside the article , and further that is shown simpyl by the existence of a timeline article . if th einformation in cr could be included in the article , we would not have a split off article obviously . so i ask you to participate on the talk page and use wikipedia guidelines and policies to make your arguement as it would be more pursuasive then simpyl reverting without explanation based on more then personal opinion and feelings . thank you .
0.029925186
this is my second message on this topic you are currently engaged in a revert war over a link that you have not made a single arguement on the talk page to justify or remove your only arguement currently has been we have an article on the timeline im not sure we need a link here at all tom harrison talk which is not based on any policy or guideline wp el does not require the link to contain information not in any other wikipedia article but to contain information relevant to the current article that could not be covered in it once it reaches featured article status which cor does cru provides a more detailed timeline then can ever be provided inside the article and further that is shown simpyl by the existence of a timeline article if th einformation in rc could be included in the article we would not have a split off article obviously so i ask you to participate on the talk page and use wikipedia guidelines and policies to make your arguement as it would be more pursuasive then simpyl reverting without explanation based on more then personal opinion and feelings thank you 
0.021025266
cr

