edit history paulwicks for three months , from july to october reverts and deletes 22 contributions two paragraphs on qijong ! the record shows that you don't actually contribute anything . if you have something to contribute , why don't you add it ? if you have nothing to contribute , why are you lingering endlessly ? most genuine editors make their contributions and then move on to the next article .
0.12778202
edit history pauliwcks for three months from july to october reverts and deletes 22 contributions two paragraphs on qijong the record shows that you dont actually contribute anything if you have something to contribute why dont you add it if you have nothing to contribute why are you lingering endlessly most genuine editors make their contributions and then move on to the next article 
0.10360029
paulwicks

how do you know that its self published ? i don't . for all i know that site could be run by dozens of people within the film industry ?
0.041573677
how do you know that its slef published i dont for all i know that site could be run by dozens of people within the film industry 
0.02210303
self

i want to masturbate with you . ;; ;;
0.9278737
i want to mastubrate with you 
0.24920171
masturbate

no . i don't want to be ur friend . bitch
0.92916566
no i dont want to be ur friend bithc 
0.32429567
bitch

= = keep your head up man = = don't let this uppity bitch get you down man , you are one of the better contributors to this shit .
0.9682092
keep your head up man dont let this uppity bitch get you down man you are one of the better contributors to this siht 
0.93693495
shit

= = censorship = = hey guys , just a reminder . . . wikipedia is not censored
0.14310989
censorship hey guys just a reminder wikipedia si not censored 
0.079626
is

= = possibly unfree image : rachelove . jpg = = an image that you uploaded or altered , image : rachelove . jpg , has been listed at wikipedia : possibly unfree images because its copyright status is disputed . if the image's copyright status cannot be verified , it may be deleted . please go to its page for more information if you are interested in it not being deleted . thank you .
0.020065347
possibly unfree image rachelove jpg an image that you uploaded or altered image rachelove jpg has been listed at wikipedia possibly unfree images because its copyright status is dsiputed if the images copyright status cannot be verified it may be deleted please go to its page for more information if you are interested in it not being deleted thank you 
0.017219618
disputed

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are some pages that you might find helpful : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . again , welcome ! your change to the page university of sydney was determined to be unhelpful , and has been reverted . please use the sandbox for any tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing . thanks .
0.014419357
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here are some pages that you might find helpful the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions again welcome your change to the page university of sydney was determined to be unhelpflu and has been reverted please use the sandbox for any tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing thanks 
0.0040354226
unhelpful

:::: no , being an american film critic is her defining characteristic , at least in terms of an encyclopedic entry . if she had repeatedly proclaimed her jewishness in her reviews , and had become famous as being a jewish american film critic , then that would be important to note in the opening paragraph . my point about the other critics was not that they are jewish , but that whether or not they are christian , jewish , or otherwise is not even mentioned in the lead paragraphs of their articles . why should the kael entry be any different ? again , it is already mentioned in the article that her parents were jewish , so its not like i'm attempting to keep something important from public display . - ::::: of what relevance , is it then , that she is an american film critic ? since she doesn't deal only with american filims . this refers to her being an american . why is that there ? the plain and simple fact is that she is a jew , religiously and ethnically . if it is so important that she not be labelled as such then we can just leave it out but let's make your rationale quite clear . - :::::: well , the relevance of kael being described as an american film critic is because that is exactly why she is/was famous . it is standard to discuss somebody's nationality in the lead paragraph of an encyclopedic entry , not their religious beliefs unless that was one of the defining characteristics of their fame . and kael was not famous for being a jew , she was famous for being a film critic . if she was a practicing jew ( and i have no idea if she was or not ) , she never discussed it in print ( as far as i can recall ) or in any interviews , and it didn't seem to be reflected in her critical pov . now , if she had repeatedly brought up her ethnicity/religion in her reviews as some kind of critical barometer , i could easily understand why somebody would feel compelled to describe kael as a jewish film critic . but she didn't do that . and again i direct your attention to any of the other film critic articles on wikipedia . is roger ebert a christian film critic ? andrew sarris an atheist film critic ? not according to wikipedia they're not . ( i'm using those two as examples ... i don't know or care what , if any , religious background they may have ) . and as i've previously pointed out , it is already noted in the biography section of the article that her parents were jewish . removing this from the lead paragraph will not be leaving it out of the article at all . -
0.065432355
no being an american film critic is her defining characteristic at least in terms of an encyclopedic entry if she had repeatedly proclaimed her jewishness in her reviews and had become famous as being a jewish american film critic then that would be important to note in the opening paragraph my point about the other critics was not that they are jewish but that whether or not they are christian jewish or otherwise is not even mentioned in the lead paragraphs of their articles why should the kael entry be any different again it is already mentioned in the article that her parents were jewish so its not like im attempting to keep something important from public display of what relevance is it then that she is an american film critic since she doesnt deal only with american filims this refers to her being an american why is that there the plain and simple fact is that she is a juw religiously and ethnically if it is so important that she not be labelled as such then we can just leave it out but lets make your rationale quite clear well the relevance of kael being described as an american film critic is because that is exactly why she iswas famous it is standard to discuss somebodys nationality in the lead paragraph of an encyclopedic entry not their religious beliefs unless that was one of the defining characteristics of their fame and kael was not famous for being a ojew she was famous for being a film critic if she was a practicing ejw and i have no idea if she was or not she never discussed it in print as far as i can recall or in any interviews and it didnt seem to be reflected in her critical pov now if she had repeatedly brought up her ethnicityreligion in her reviews as some kind of critical barometer i could easily understand why somebody would feel compelled to describe kael as a jewish film critic but she didnt do that and again i direct your attention to any of the other film critic articles on wikipedia is roger ebert a christian film critic andrew sarris an atheist film critic not according to wikipedia theyre not im using those two as examples i dont know or care what if any religious background they may have and as ive previously pointed out it is already noted in the biography section of the article that her parents were jewish removing this from the lead paragraph will not be leaving it out of the article at all 
0.041902095
jew

with the rules and the way this place is run
0.057737466
with the rules and the way this place si run 
0.036973473
is

= = your edit on karachi ... = = hi , i have some concerns on the edit you made in the problems page of the karachi page on october 13 , 2006 . i would like to change the pervez musharraf ( you should hopefully know very well what i am talking about ) back to naimatullah khan since i think it is better to credit someone who personally runs the city for improvements . thanx ..
0.014559634
your edit on karachi hi i have some concerns on the edit you made in the problems page of the karachi page on october 13 2006 i would like to change the pervez musharraf you should hopefully konw very well what i am talking about back to naimatullah khan since i think it is better to credit someone who personally runs the city for improvements thanx 
0.012710399
know

::::: the christian population dwindled becaused of the process of arab settlement and their gradual assimiliation into the dominant culture . the taxation , though less than that in christian lands , was also a motivation . muslim citizens were paying less taxes . and lastly , unlike the jews who were happy in the muslim lands , for many of christians , transition from a dominant to a subject status , which involved disadvantages , was too much to endure .
0.03395794
the christian population dwindled becaused of the process of arab settlement and their gradual assimiliation into the dominant culture the taxation though less than that in christian lands was also a motivation muslim citizens were paying less taxes and lastly unlike the jesw who were happy in the muslim lands for many of christians transition from a dominant to a subject status which involved disadvantages was too much to endure 
0.017737214
jews

= = shared ip = = this ip encompasses the entire peel board of schools . it is sad that a few kids ( by judging the style and pattern of vandalism by this ip , i assume it is the same person/persons ) , have to ruin it for anyone . hopefully , we can catch those who do this and put an end to it . cheers
0.11818976
shared ip this ip encompasses the entire peel board of schools it is sad that a few kids by judging the style and pattern of vandalsim by this ip i assume it is the same personpersons have to ruin it for anyone hopefully we can catch those who do this and put an end to it cheers 
0.0909289
vandalism

= = md requirements = = , noticeably absent from the fox ap article written by nancy zuckerbrod is this sentence , lehigh said frist may have been unaware of the change . in the same ap article on aol news written by ms. zuckerbrod the sentence does appear . also , here on msnbc the sentence appears . as does the following , ... renewal application ... was signed on his behalf by his accountant . all three articles are dated august 30th and all three were written by ms. zuckerbrod . are you source shopping ? your original source was thischop job by the smucks at capitol hill blue , ms. zuckerbrod's article was taken out of context with wholesale pov .
0.0300053
md requirements noticeably absent from the fox ap article w r i t t e n by nancy zuckerbrod is this sentence lehigh said frist may have been unaware of the change in the same ap article on aol news wreitten by ms zuckerbrod the sentence does appear also here on msnbc the sentence appears as does the following renewal application was signed on his behalf by his accountant all three articles are dated august 30th and all three were written by ms zuckerbrod are you source shopping your original source was thischop job by the smucks at capitol hill blue ms zuckerbrods article was taken out of context with wholesale pov 
0.019153392
written

:::::: graphical muds are far more popular than text muds . logically fanbois sites of graphical muds have higher google hit counts than fanbois text mud sites . i take it that there is indeed no wikipedia google hit count test policy for source reliabilty .
0.16731209
graphical umds are far more popular than text mus logically fanbois sites of graphical umds have higher google hit counts than fanbois text mud sites i take it that there is indeed no wikipedia google hit count test policy for source reliabilty 
0.07548453
muds

