= = hi gaybo = = hi your mgay i hater you your a girl and your stupid ill give you a virus u4rfvbn > : /j ; s5 ? /shutdown ? trojan horse be cdt4w 9 cfg >?> ikldgni ajkbut licker u stink ykk ;::: . /'/ , ] 64tb
0.90080386
hi gaybo hi your mgay i hater you your a girl and your tsupid ill give you a virus u4rfvbn j s5 shutdown trojan horse be cdt4w 9 cfg ikldgni ajkbut licker u stink ykk 64tb 
0.8542859
stupid

= = false believes will be punished = = hi , can you explain that for me ? thanks .
0.09417638
flase believes will be punished hi can you explain that for me thanks 
0.04365803
false

:: you'll note that this is one of the people i want to put an rfc in against . for there block in the first place , now using there admin powers to protect themselves and threatening me . this is a clear case of abusing admin powers and will be reported asap .
0.15829603
youll note that this is one of the people i want to put an rfc in against for there block in the first place now using there admin powers to protect themselves and threatening me this is a clear case of abuisng admin powers and will be reported asap 
0.14983521
abusing

::::::::: ok , let me clarify : i've never seen an objective scientist ( as opposed to a biased pimp for the sex change industry , such as yourself ) make such a claim . remember , you've also compared the female sex drive to puttering around in a yugo ( compared to the male's ferrari ) , which already revealed you to be sexist scum rather than an objective scientist .
0.50789165
ok let me clarify ive never seen an objective scientist as opposed to a biased pimp for the sex change industry such as yourself make such a claim remember youve also compared the female sex drive to puttering around in a yugo compared to the males ferrari which already revealed you to be sexist scmu rather than an objective scientist 
0.30716038
scum

::::::::::: no real contributions ? i point out the fact that objective scientists and real-world experience make a mockery of your sexist views of female sexuality . i point out that your sexist puttering around in a yugo nonsense is refuted by my own real-world experience . i point out that the sex change industry thrives upon your sort of ridiculous sexist stereotypes . not only do lots of people take my comments seriously , i'm on the phone now with a colleague who agrees wholeheartedly with my views . in fact , she's seriously considering posting some thoughts here . i've read/heard these very same opinions from many , many people . but go ahead , keep telling yourself that i'm the only who sees through your sexist nonsense .
0.50919425
no real contributions i point out the fact that objective scientists and realworld experience make a mockery of your sexist views of female sexuality i point out that your sexist puttering around in a yugo nonsense is refuted by my own realworld experience i point out that the sex change industry thrives upon your sort of ridiculosu sexist stereotypes not only do lots of people take my comments seriously im on the phone now with a colleague who agrees wholeheartedly with my views in fact shes seriously considering posting some thoughts here ive readheard these very same opinions from many many people but go ahead keep telling yourself that im the only who sees through your sexist nonsense 
0.4732185
ridiculous

= = namings = = i've wrote this message to another talk , but here it is again : : there was a very nice discusion over similar topic ( i think polich-german naming ) and i think they have reached agreement about that : :: in english wp english naming ( englisized current names ) should be used for all cities regardless historical period ( eg . vilnius will always be vilnius ( not wilno or vilna ) , and gdansk ( not danzig ) , and kaunas ( not kowno ) and etc . ) : the same rule applies to all namings , ex . rivers , lakes , regions , mountains and etc . : namings of other languages and/or periods can be ( and must be , in case of dispute ) mentioned in main describing article i dont want to be as zivi , so i think we should decide what naming convention should we use and use it strictly .
0.0068576825
namings ive wrote this message to another talk but here it is again there was a very nice discusion over similar topic i think polichgerman naming and i think they have reached agreement about that in english wp english naming englisized current names should be used for all cities regardless historical period eg vilnius will always be vilnius not wilno or vilna and gdansk not danzig and kaunas not kowno and etc the same rule applies to all namings ex rivers lakes regions mountains and etc namings of other languages andor periods can be and must be in case of dispute mentioned in mani describing article i dont want to be as zivi so i think we should decide what naming convention should we use and use it strictly 
0.006696336
main

= = request = = as a member of the board of trustees , i ask that you remove all false , misleading , and libellous information contained on wikipedia about me . i remind you that continuing to hold such information is libel and is illegal . i refer specifically to this webpage here : and additionally to talk pages and user pages for this ip address . all should be blanked in other to preserve the integrity of this service . failure to do so would constitute a smear campaign by wikipedia , and , whilst it was initiated by persons such as longhair it is wikipedia , and hence you , who will be sued as a result of any damages that this causes . i strongly recommend for you to delete these lies and falsehoods .
0.18090644
request as a member of the board of trustees i ask that you remove all false misleading and libellous information contained on wikipedia about me i remind you that continuing to hold such information is libel and is illegal i refer specifically to this webpage here and additionally to talk pages and user pages for this ip address all should be blanked in other to preserve the integrity of this service failure to do so would constitute a smear campaign by wikipedia and whilst it was initiated by persons such as longhair it is wikipedia and hence you who will be sued as a result of any damages that this causes i strongly recommend for you to delete these leis and falsehoods 
0.1497437
lies

suck my plums you stupid septic cunt
0.9792124
suck my plums you stupdi septic cunt 
0.9650615
stupid

= = scottish crown = = has not been worn since the early 1650's then how was parliment opened the statement under the picture contradicts it self 7/30/05 1:45 pm est it hasn't been worn since the 1650s . it was present at the opening of the scottish parliament , however . it was its presence , not its wearing , that was significant in the old scottish parliament . \
0.016596064
scottish crown has not been worn since the early 1650s then how was parliment opened the statement under the picture contradicts it eslf 73005 145 pm est it hasnt been worn since the 1650s it was present at the opening of the scottish parliament however it was its presence not its wearing that was significant in the old scottish parliament 
0.014575002
self

why should we users have to create a user name or log in to avoid seeing this rubbish ? if i have the same ip as someone else then it is not my problem !!! sort it out !
0.6032174
why should we users have to create a user name or log in to avoid seeing this rubbsih if i have the same ip as someone else then it is not my problem sort it out 
0.038513042
rubbish

= = thanks = = thank you for your attention , i can assure you i have no intention of using wikipedia to cause trouble . i just want to correct mistakes , like all good users .
0.03611384
thanks thank you for your attention i can assure you i ahve no intention of using wikipedia to cause trouble i just want to correct mistakes like all good users 
0.033154897
have

what the fuck are you talking about !?
0.95486486
what the fcuk are you talking about 
0.89231986
fuck

= = zodiac death = = oh dear . tapwave has dropped support . zodiac , may you rest in peace . we barely knew ye .
0.29092276
zodiac deaht oh dear tapwave has dropped support zodiac may you rest in peace we barely knew ye 
0.10833647
death

; otherwise , what you are doing is again a sign of your turkish/arab uncivility that you allow yourself to characterize an artist's art for her to suit your fake identity .
0.35057372
otherwise what you are doing is again a sign of your turkisharab uncivility that you allow yourself to characterize an artists art for her to suit your afke identity 
0.21256943
fake

maybe ataegina which is the lusitanian equivelent of proserpina . there is not planet or asteroid with lusitanian god names . wonder why . this goddess was also worshipped by the romans .
0.09060573
maybe ataegina which es the lusitanian equivelent of proserpina there si not planet or asteroid with lusitanian god names wonder why this goddess was also worshipped by the romans 
0.07066963
is

welcome ! welcome to wikipedia , ! my name is ryan , aka . i noticed that you were new and haven't received any messages yet . i just wanted to see how you were doing . wikipedia can be a little intimidating at first , since it uses different formatting than other sites that use html and css . in the long run , though , you'll find that the wikisyntax is a lot easier and faster than those other ways . here are a few links to get you started : * how to edit a page * editing , policy , conduct , and structure tutorial * picture tutorial * how to write a great article there are a lot of policies and guides to read , but i highly recommend reading over those first . if you have any questions , feel free to leave me a message on my . please be sure to sign your name on talk using four tildes (~~~~) to produce your name and the current date , along with a link to your user page . this way , others know when you left a message and how to find you . it's easier than having to type out your name , right ? ) i hope you enjoy contributing to wikipedia . we can use all the help we can get ! have a nice day . sincerely ,
0.023527147
welcome welcome to wikipedia my name is ryan aka i noticed that you were new and havent received any messages yet i just wanted to see how you were doing wikipedia can be a little intimidtaing at first since it uses different formatting than other sites that use html and css in the long run though youll find that the wikisyntax is a lot easier and faster than those other ways here are a few links to get you started how to edit a page editing policy conduct and structure tutorial picture tutorial how to write a great article there are a lot of policies and guides to read but i highly recommend reading over those first if you have any questions feel free to leave me a message on my please be sure to sign your name on talk using four tildes to produce your name and the current date along with a link to your user page this way others know when you left a message and how to find you its easier than having to type out your name right i hope you enjoy contributing to wikipedia we can use all the help we can get have a nice day sincerely 
0.016929882
intimidating

dylan's a pedophile .
0.87494075
dylans a peodphile 
0.23780727
pedophile

