= = excuse me !?! = = don't be deleteing my stuff llike something is wrong with you , i post what i please . good lord , i come on here passing on info that i heard on the news and folk telling me it's a hoax , little snobby ass people around here .
0.7413398
excuse me dont be deleteing my stuff llike something is wrong with you i post what i please good lord i come on here passing on info that i heard on the news and folk telling me its a hoax little snobby ass pepole around here 
0.71074754
people

such as when you mention “ azeris are genetically close to armenians ” , you fail to mention azeris in iran are genetically close to iranians there , and that both iranians and armenians have a intertwining history of intermarriages that leads to similiraties . instead , people
0.04408606
such as when you mention “ azeris a r e genetically close to armenians ” you fail to mention azeris in iran rae genetically close to iranians there and that both iranians and armenians have a intertwining history of intermarriages that leads to similiraties instead people 
0.039862905
are

= = hey there cyde . = = since you request it , i'll take the rest of the day off . my original plan was to impeach every person that voted to delete with a reason that demonstrated they hadn't even read the article . i have poured my brand of fire and brimstone , and been pretty gentle about it , i think , considering whats going on . maybe by tomorrow , we can have >> who has what agenda << figured out well enough that you will have a team mentor to hang with , and follow the lead of , and chat with . nescio has been snubbing me . probably because i come on like a dragon and don't let go . that might solve both of our main problems right there . until then , the real problem here is that nobody answered our plea for help over abuse , and now , a mob has been constructed to have a republican book burning . you were right to close the second afd the first time , and any fair review of this process would beforced to conclude that the side that cheated at that moment blew its claim to consensus process , and lost its right thereby to have a vfd . by the way , i like these little tags that strotha gets to place on me after he attacks me and i defend myself . where were those tags when blue goose accused nescio of a bad faith rfc at the opening of the second vfd ? systemic bias . it ain't pretty .
0.13860421
hey there cyde since you request it ill take the rest of the day off my original plan was to impeach every person that voted to delete with a reason that demonstrated they hadnt even read the article i have poured my brand of fire and brimstone and been pretty gentle about it i think considering whats going on maybe by tomorrow we can have who has what agenda figured out well enough that you will have a team mentor to hang with and follow the lead of and chat with nescio has been snubbing me probably because i come on like a dragon and dont let go that might solve both of our mani problems right there until then the real problem here is that nobody answered our plea for help over abuse and now a mob has been constructed to have a republican book burning you were right to close the second afd the first time and any fair review of this process would beforced to conclude that the side that cheated at that moment blew its claim to consensus process and lost its right thereby to have a vfd by the way i like these little tags that strotha gets to place on me after he attacks me and i defend myself where were those tags when blue goose accused nescio of a bad faith rfc at the opening of the second vfd systemic bias it aint pretty 
0.12511517
main

= = melina is going to destroy jillian = = i have utter faith that wwe's most dominant diva , will annihilate jillian hall at judgement day . hopefully from here she will become the next wwe women's champion !
0.2546038
melina is going to destryo jillian i have utter faith that wwes most dominant diva will annihilate jillian hall at judgement day hopefully from here she will become the next wwe womens champion 
0.16391177
destroy

i have now reported you for admin abuse , like i said in the report i will not respond to your threaths , if you want to talk in a civil manner without threatheing to blok me i am willing to do so as well , but until then i will not read or reply to your threathening messages .
0.2942492
i have now reported you for admin abues like i said in the report i will not respond to your threaths if you want to talk in a civil manner without threatheing to blok me i am willing to do so as well but until then i will not read or reply to your threathening messages 
0.1746015
abuse

* excuse me , but you have no reason to state that i was making a personal attackk upon you at that time . maybe if you were willing to enter into a mature discussion rather than beguilingly handing out warning upon warning ( as your warnings suggest is done ) then your personal attacks upon my private space & actions would be stopped . so if you do wish to discuss this matter appropriately , i suggest you dol that instead of handing out another warning -
0.22282265
excuse me but you have no reason to state that i was making a personal attackk upon you at that time maybe if you were willing to enter into a mature discussion rather than beguilingly handing out warning upon warning as your warnings suggest is done then your personal attacsk upon my private space actions would be stopped so if you do wish to discuss this matter appropriately i suggest you dol that instead of handing out another warning 
0.18131672
attacks

= = establishment of the wikimedia hong kong = =
0.023039846
estbalishment of the wikimedia hong kong 
0.019709028
establishment

** look , in life , some things are subject to individivual opinion . political persepctives for example - we can't predict how human beings will behave , so nobody really knows whether left wing or right wing approaches are the best way to run societies . but we can predict how brick walls behave when they are hit by things . so this issue is not one of the things that is a matter of individual opinion . its not about whether you feel like engaging me in a subjective debate . the description of events on the page at the moment is physically impossible and refuted by all available evidence . 114 foot airliners can't fit in 27 foot holes ! this is not my opinion , this is a fact . its also pretty comical that the current description is refuted even by the ( shamefully inadequate ) collection of images on the cnn link . because this site relates to such an important event , the fact that your account is so physically indefencible is a disgrace . it is your job as an editor to sort this out .
0.19567944
look in life some things are subject to individivual opinion political persepctives for example we cant predict how human beings will behave so nobody really knows whether left wing or right wing approaches are the best way to run societies but we can predict how brick walls behave when they are hit by things so this issue is not one of the things that is a matter of individual opinion its not about whether you feel like engaging me in a subjective debate the description of events on the page at the moment is physically impossible and refuted by all available evidence 114 foot airliners cant fit in 27 foot holes this is not my opinion this is a fact its also pretty comical that the current description is refuted even by the shamefully inadequate collection of images on the cnn link because this site relates to such an important event the fact that your account is so physically indefencible is a disrgace it is your job as an editor to sort this out 
0.095882
disgrace

= = incorrect interpretation ! = = the european translator , assumed that since hafez was a follower of sufism and love in sufism had sometimes been pederastic , therefore the beloved should have been a young boy . well , i am looking at the persian version of the verses translated by henry wilberforce-clarke , and as person whose mother tongue is persian it seems to me that the beloved was an adult female rather than a young boy . since hafez is using pronouns to refer to his beloved and the cupbeareand , one could go both ways but in persian we always use the phrase ' lock of hair of the beloved ' to refer to females ( since they have long hair you know ) . besides anyone who is familiar with hafez poetry and have an advance understanding of medieval persian language , would know that hafez is very unlikely to have pederastic inclinations . i am well aware of the existance pederasty in many teachings of sufism and i have seen the pederastic sentiments in jami and saadi poems but not all persian poets that follow sufism have pederastic inclinations !!.
0.2411818
incorrect interpretation the european translator assumed that since hafez was a follower of sufism and love in sufism had sometimes been pederastic therefore the beloved should have been a young boy well i am looking at the persian version of the verses translated by henry wilberforceclarke and as person whose mother tongue is persian it seems to me that the beloved was an adult female rather than a young boy since hafez is using pronouns to refer to his beloved and the cupbeareand one could go both ways but in persian we always use the phrase lock of hair of the beloved to refer to females since they have long hair you know besides anyone who is familiar with hafez poetry and have an advance understanding of medieval persian language would know that hafez is very unlikely to have pederastic inclinations i am well aware of the existance pedersaty in many teachings of sufism and i have seen the pederastic sentiments in jami and saadi poems but not all persian poets that follow sufism have pederastic inclinations 
0.050261505
pederasty

= = ignorance = = go ahead dear admins , send how many warnings and threaths as you like , like i said in inshanees talk page , see if i care , read or response to your warnings or blocks . the best way to deal with people like you is by ignoring you . ) good luck
0.34474018
ingorance go ahead dear admins send how many warnings and threaths as you like like i said in inshanees talk page see if i care read or response to your warnings or blocks the best way to deal with people like you is by ignoring you good luck 
0.16120379
ignorance

put some political soapbox- can some one fix it ? alos it appaers that the article is being rapidly vandalized
0.3103775
put some political soapbox can some one fix it alos it appaers that the article is being rapidly vandalzied 
0.1468496
vandalized

