wow ... while some of the information may be factual i believe the bias commentary can be without . i am jordanian and have had my family serve in many branches of the military . but please . since israel was becoming increasingly the most potential source of threat to the arab states , egypt declared a state of emergency and started to concentrate its forces in sinai desert . consequently , israel ordered the full mobilization of its forces on may 25 , 1967 . as a result of such dramatic situation the arab jordan army was placed under a maximum alert . in addition to that jordan signed a mutual defense agreement with egypt . that section right there . the as a result of such dramatic situation ... you make it sound like it was because of israel the mutual defence agreement was signed . even in king hussein's own book and through historical records its pretty clear jordan went to war not because of a threat of israel winning , but a threat that egypt and syria would win sidelining jordan big time . at any rate i think it would be better not to context why the wars started etc . focus on battles , etc . most of the israeli incursions were also due to israels concept of if palestinian guerrillas attack to hit back at the arab militaries instead .
0.03990853
wow while some of the information may be factual i believe the bias commentary can be without i am jordanian and have had my family serve in many branches of the military but please since israel was becoming increasingly the most potential source of threat to the arab states egypt declared a state of emergency and started to concentrate its forces in sinai desert consequently israel ordered the full mobilization of its forces on may 25 1967 as a result of such dramatic situation the arab jordan army was placed under a maximum alert in addition to that jordan signed a mutual defense agreement with egypt that section right there the as a result of such dramatic situation you make it sound like it was because of israel the mutual defence agreement was signed even in king husseins own book and through historical records its pretty clear jordan went to war not because of a threat of israel winning but a threat that egypt and syria would win sidelining jordan big time at any rate i think it would be better not to context why the wars started etc focus on battles etc most of the israeli incursions were also due to israels concept of if palestinian guerrillas attack to hti back at the arab militaries instead 
0.025379136
hit

you have been blocked from editing for a period of 24 hours for vandalizing wikipedia . if you wish to make useful contributions , you are welcome to come back after the block expires .
0.081146285
you have been blocked from editing for a period of 24 hours for vandlaizing wikipedia if you wish to make useful contributions you are welcome to come back after the block expires 
0.06211572
vandalizing

bobbie is the sexyiest person ever ... her best friend is sara debbie . ♥♥♥
0.020823013
bobbie si the sexyiest person ever her best friend si sara debbie ♥♥♥ 
0.011867662
is

::: then you can see here for instructions : es : wikipedia : babel – ''''
0.007871458
then you can see here for instructions se wikipedia babel – 
0.0077948207
es

:::::::: if you can come up with facts about where the pashtuns originated from then i will call the cia and the united nations to correct their map , chart and findings . if you fail to do this , then go along with what the claims of the pashtuns are . you are just a normal person with limited knowledge about people . do not act like you know more then cia and the united nations . the maps you keep showing is dated from 1980 made by an unknown agency . it is posted at hazara.net, which is a site of hazara people . meaning these maps of yours are bogus . afghanistan is soon going to have census and the mystery will be solved about the exact number of people of each ethnic group . in fact , they were suppose to do this a year ago but failed so far . the number of votes hamid karzai recieved is enough proof that pashtuns are very high number in afghanistan . as we all know that it's not normal for non-pashtuns to vote for a pashtun leader . check politics and government of afghanistan , where the number of votes karzai recieved . and don't give me any comments or excuses to that .
0.061035715
if you can come up with facts about where the pashtuns originated from then i will call the cia and the united nations to correct their map chart and findings if you fail to do this then go along with what the claims of the pashtuns are you are just a normal person with limited knowledge about people do not act like you know more then cia and the united nations the maps you keep showing is dated from 1980 made by an unknown agency it is posted at hazaranet which is a site of hazara people meaning these maps of yours are obgus afghanistan is soon going to have census and the mystery will be solved about the exact number of people of each ethnic group in fact they were suppose to do this a year ago but failed so far the number of votes hamid karzai recieved is enough proof that pashtuns are very high number in afghanistan as we all know that its not normal for nonpashtuns to vote for a pashtun leader check politics and government of afghanistan where the number of votes karzai recieved and dont give me any comments or excuses to that 
0.04558411
bogus

:::: it is unnecessairy source , because it does not matter how many soldiers were killed . what matters is that the safavids were deposed . besides that , mentioning that information without making any remarks about the brutality of the afghan forces - for example the complete massacre of the safavid family ( including women and children ) , as well as the massacres on the civilian population in isfahan , bam , and villages of khorasan - is considered pov . :::: besides that , you have not shown any sources for your claim that 30000-100000 soldiers were killed . :::: and as for the edits : it does not matter what you believe , it only matters what the wikipedia rules are . you posted a message without editting anything ... that's the same as abusing the article's history as a message-board . use the real message-board instead .
0.1551071
it is unnecessairy source because it does not matter how many soldiers were killedk what matters is that the safavids were deposed besides that mentioning that information without making any remarks about the brutality of the afghan forces for example the complete massacre of the safavid family including women and children as well as the massacres on the civilian population in isfahan bam and villages of khorasan is considered pov besides that you have not shown any sources for your claim that 30000100000 soldiers were kileld and as for the edits it does not matter what you believe it only matters what the wikipedia rules are you posted a message without editting anything thats the same as abusing the articles history as a messageboard use the real messageboard instead 
0.11313003
killed

okay that was gay like me .... absolutely .... uninformative , gay like me im gay mutha fucka ! ooo i want sum cock ass hairy balls1 im gay
0.94870853
okay that was gay like me absolutely uninformative gay like me im gay mutha fucka ooo i want sum cock sas hairy balls1 im gay 
0.9292335
ass

i love the jews . mahmoud ahmadenijad there is a clear seperation here .... not only is the zionist regime not exclusive to only jews ( that would be racist apartheid ) , but not all jews live in israel , support israel , or even have anything to do with it .
0.30128133
i love the tews mahmoud ahmadenijad there is a clear seperation here not only is the zionist regime not exclusive to only ejws that would be racist apartheid but not all jesw live in israel support israel or even have anything to do with it 
0.22893855
jews

::: it seems there are in fact two uses of the word . the best christmas pageant ever convinced me . i'm not sure if it a language difference ( between british/commonwealth/australian and american english ) or whether one of the uses is a corruption/derivation of the original . i know that the meaning you describe is what i would usually call a nativity play . i'm not sure how to proceed , but one possible option is to turn christmas pageant into disamiguation page directing readers to both here and the as yet uncreated article nativity play . a note could also be placed at the beginning of this article to inform users of the alternate usage . thoughts ? |
0.028188622
it seems there are in fact two uses of the word the best christmas pageant ever convinced me im not sure if it a language difference between britishcommonwealthaustralian and american english or whether one of the uses si a corruptionderivation of the original i know that the meaning you describe si what i would usually call a nativity play im not sure how to proceed but one possible option si to turn christmas pageant into disamiguation page directing readers to both here and the as yet uncreated article nativity play a note could also be placed at the beginning of this article to inform users of the alternate usage thoughts 
0.010481913
is

: i can accept that the picture is not a good one , but claiming that the photo should be removed because it includes a swastika - the finnish military insignia of the time , not the nazi symbol ( which by the way is inverted , rotated and another color ... and adopted two years later than the finnish symbol ) is imho absurd . i suggest that you read this - it might be enlightning .
0.16389157
i can accept that the picture is not a good one but claiming that the photo should be removed because it includes a swastika the finnish military insignia of the time not the naiz symbol which by the way is inverted rotated and another color and adopted two years later than the finnish symbol is imho absurd i suggest that you read this it might be enlightning 
0.13743758
nazi

fuck you people . the information of that can be found here []
0.95990896
ufck you people the information of that can be found here 
0.0809512
fuck

:::: precedents are not always correct . the toonami schedules and whatnot should go too , under wp : not #dir , which is policy and therefore takes precedence over contributor's wishes . — tangentcube
0.015015954
precedents are not always correct the toonami schedules and whatnot should go too under wp not dir which si policy and therefore takes precedence over contributors wishes — tangentcube 
0.012372768
is

:: give me a break . i have been hopping ips , so be careful . be careful of what , of you ? my isp is dynamic , i have no choice when i turn off my computer . * rolls eyes * you began by blanking my edits ; i inadvertantly removed your edit , my apologies . i wonder if you are able to give an apology . nonetheless , you began this by blanking my edits , that is clearly vandalism . gadaffi is a major international figure who had an interview with the italian media . this is arguably very relevant , even if you as a turk may not want to hear it . enough with the threats ... be civil and assume good faith .
0.20088102
give me a break i have been hopping ips so be careful be careful of what of you my isp is dynamic i have no choice when i turn off my computer rolls eyes you began by blanking my edits i inadvertantly removed your edit my apologies i wonder if you are able to give an apology nonetheless you began this by blanking my edits that is clearly vandalsim gadaffi is a major international figure who had an interview with the italian media this is arguably very relevant even if you as a turk may not want to hear it enough with the threats be civil and assume good faith 
0.1190791
vandalism

:: i found it under chronological list of pc engine games . i thought the release dates on that page were for japan , since there is a seperate list of turbografx-16 games . the change you made is ok though , since i see ign has it listed that way .
0.0074514686
i found it under chronological list of pc engine games i thought the release dates on that page were for japan since there i s a seperate list of turbografx16 games the change you made si ok though since i see ign has it listed that way 
0.007403719
is

::::::::::: why can't you just let it go ?
0.050615456
why cant you just let it og 
0.045477193
go

:::::: even the claim of essentially segregated lives is bogus . of course lives aren't 100% integrated , since these are two different cultures , with different customs and languages . but what separation exists is purely voluntary - some arabs prefer to live in an arab town/village , and that's understandable . most arabs send their kids to arab school - so they can study in arabic . however , some send their kid to a hebrew speaking school - i had an arab classmate , for instance ( whose father was a department head in the city hospital , by the way ) . many arabs live in towns with a jewish majority , and there's no law against that , and no one prevents them from doing so . several cities in israel have substantially mixed populations , including jerusalem , haifa , jaffa , lod , ramle , beer sheva and others . there's no segregation , and no separation .
0.052020665
even the claim of essentially segregated lives is bogus of course lives arent 100 integrated since these are two different cultures with different customs and languages but what separation exists is purely voluntary some arasb prefer to live in an arab townvillage and thats understandable most sarabs send their kids to arab school so they can study in arabic however some send their kid to a hebrew speaking school i had an arab classmate for instance whose father was a department head in the city hospital by the way many arbas live in towns with a jewish majority and theres no law against that and no one prevents them from doing so several cities in israel have substantially mixed populations including jerusalem haifa jaffa lod ramle beer sheva and others theres no segregation and no separation 
0.04905032
arabs

isn't judy wood a dental materials engineer ? : judy has some experience in that field , but it's not her specialty . from her bio ( on her tripod page ): b.s. ( civil engineering , 1981 ) ( structural engineering ) , m.s ( engineering mechanics , 1983 ) , and , p h.d. ( materials engineering science , 1992 ) virginia polytechnic . her dissertation involved the development of an experimental method to measure thermal stresses in bimaterial joints . she has taught courses including experimental stress analysis , engineering mechanics , mechanics of materials ( strength of materials ) , strength of materials testing . from 1999 to 2006 dr. wood has been an assistant professor in the mechanical engineering department at clemson university in clemson , south carolina . before moving to clemson she spent three years as a postdoctoral research associate in the department of engineering science and mechanics at virginia tech . dr. wood is currently writing a book with morgan reynolds on the physical evidence explaining the events on 9/11 . one of dr. wood’s research interests is biomimicry , or applying the mechanical structures of biological materials to engineering design using engineering materials . other recent research has investigated the deformation behavior of materials and structures with complex geometries and complex material properties , such as fiber-reinforced composite materials and biological materials . dr. wood is an expert in the use of moiré interferometry , a full-field optical method that is used in stress analysis . dr. wood has over 60 technical publications in refereed journals , conference proceedings , and edited monographs and special technical reports . dr. wood started to question the events of 9/11 on that same day when what she saw and heard on television was contradictory and appeared to violate the laws of physics . since that day she has used her knowledge of engineering mechanics to prove that the collapse of the world trade center twin towers could not have happened as the american public was told .
0.012954549
isnt judy wood a dental materials engineer judy has some experience in that field but its not her specialty from her bio on her tripod page bs civil engineering 1981 structural engineering ms engineering mechanics 1983 and p hd materials engineering science 1992 virginia polytechnic her dissertation involved the development of an experimental method to measure thermal stresses in bimaterial joints she has taught courses including experimental stress analysis engineering mechanics mechanics of materials strength of materials strength of materials testing from 1999 to 2006 dr wood has been an assistant professor in the mechanical engineering department at clemson university in clemson south carolina before moving to clemson she spent three years as a postdoctoral research associate in the department of engineering science and mechanics at virginia tech dr wood is currently writing a book with morgan reynolds on the physical evidence explaining the events on 911 one of dr wood’s research interests is biomimicry or applying the mechanical structures of biological materials to engineering design using engineering materials other recent research has investigated the deformation behavior of materials and structures with complex geometries and complex material properties such as fiberreinforced composite materials and biological materials dr wood is an expert in the use of moiré interferometry a fullfield optical method that is used in stress analysis dr wood has over 60 technical publications in refereed journals conference proceedings and edited monographs and special technical reports dr wood started to question the events of 911 on that same day when what she saw and heard on television was contradictory and appeared to violtae the laws of physics since that day she has used her knowledge of engineering mechanics to prove that the collapse of the world trade center twin towers could not have happened as the american public was told 
0.009875025
violate

