::: ** libertarians are being mentioned because we generally oppose race laws and coercion in general . we also generally believe in freedom of association , which is fundamentally in conflict with affirmative action . let sam spade talk . he is interesting . i believe his writing will provoke thought about this subject in the minds of readers who do not already know everything about it . let them make up their own minds . milesgl
0.08281866
libertarians are being mentioned because we generally oppose race laws and ocercion in general we also generally believe in freedom of association which is fundamentally in conflict with affirmative action let sam spade talk he is interesting i believe his writing will provoke thought about this subject in the minds of readers who do not already know everything about it let them make up their own minds milesgl 
0.035461042
coercion

: yeah , i was trying to be careful not to remove the space in any battle network references . did i screw up ? my apologies . -
0.22155192
yeah i was trying to be careful not to remove the space in any battle network references did i srcew up my apologies 
0.024774015
screw

i think that you and thomas should relax a bit and stop being so worked up about this . you guys keep coming up with conspiracy theories that are so laughable that are not worth responding to . regarding the statement in question about , i will prepare a more detailed reference to indian scriptures as soon as i have some time . it will be a real pleasure to have you both quiet for a while .
0.15700157
i think that you and thomas should relax a bit and stop being so worked up about this you guys keep coming up with conspiracy theories that are so laughbale that are not worth responding to regarding the statement in question about i will prepare a more detailed reference to indian scriptures as soon as i have some time it will be a real pleasure to have you both quiet for a while 
0.10195621
laughable

:: i don't think he has a call to arms over every disagreement he is in ( given his large editing circle im sure he has many ) . he has only tended to inform large groups of people when he knew they were interested in an important decission to be made by wikipedians as he knew they would have an opinion and would want the chance to air it . as such , i support him in those efforts , especially as i appreciate to be informed of impending decissions .
0.029004047
i dont think he has a call to arms over every disagreement he is in given his large editing circle im sure he has many he has only tended to inform large groups of people when he knew they were interested in an important decission to be made by wikipedians as he knew they would have an opinion and would want the chance to air it as such i support him in those efforts especially as i appreciate to be informed of impending decissoins 
0.024898114
decissions

he is a convicted murderer . he is no longer an alleged murderer , the trial is over .
0.44903424
he is a convicted mudrerer he is no longer an alleged mudrerer the trial is over 
0.13352782
murderer

: well , the article really only attacked one factual problem ( or rather factual controversy not mentioned : uncertainty of his year of birth , which i sort of addressed , but should probably be mentioned specifically ( oh yeah , the years he was sec . of treasury too , i think ; i didn't address that )) , and was more of an attack on style and grammar . i did a pretty quick proofread and edit of the article , and there were some pretty egregious grammar , punctuation , captialization , and punctuation problems . others should probably do the same ; my repair was rather cursory . -
0.06462627
well the article really only attacked one factual problem or rather factual controversy not mentioned uncertainty of his year of birth which i sort of addressed but should probably be mentioned specifically oh yeah the years he was sec of treasury too i think i didnt address that and was more of an attack on style and grammar i did a pretty quick proofread and edit of the article and there were some pretty egregiosu grammar punctuation captialization and punctuation problems others should probably do the same my repair was rather cursory 
0.05969118
egregious

hi . please leave us a message . i think we created an article about us in the context of long island before but maybe it was deleted because it seemed like spam ? can you just like , let us know before you do that ? we are trying to help out . thanks . -sean at kempleton do t c o m
0.035906594
hi please leave us a message i think we created an article about us in the context of long island before but maybe it was deleted because it seemed like psam can you just like let us know before you do that we are trying to help out thanks sean at kempleton do t c o m 
0.03341652
spam

to i noticed that you split the long introduction of the nonlinear programming page into several sub-sections , like mathematical formulation of the problem and methods for solving the problem , etc . but , some text which should have clearly been in methods for solving the problem you left in the mathematical formulation of the problem . i fixed that . please let me know if you think i am wrong about the change . thanks .
0.008543074
to i noticed that you split the long introduction of the nonlinear programming page into several subsections like mathematical formulation of the problem and methods for solving the problem etc but some text which should have clearly been in methods for solving the problem you left in the mathematical formulation of the problem i fixed that please let me know if you think i am worng about the change thanks 
0.0063840337
wrong

ununhexium delete - more duplicative speculative sciencecruft . the article admits that evidence for this is fabricated and that its main role is in ufo conspiricy .
0.09515768
ununhexium delete more duplicative speculative sciencecruft the article admits that evidence for this zs fabricated and that its main role si in ufo conspiricy 
0.06443938
is

* comment : there already is a redirect from frankish to an article at franks . maybe move this to frankish ( language ? or even to frankish ? anyway , i've put in some wikilinks . no vote as yet .
0.028394237
comment there already si a redirect from frankish to an article at franks maybe move this to frankish language or even to frankish anyway ive put in some wikilinks no vote as yet 
0.02356042
is

all ' defenders ' are and always have hade aluminium alloy bodies . prior to the current all aluminium construction range rovers had a 14 guage steel chassis with an aluminium alloy bodies . the resulting corrosion resistance is part of the reason why after nearly sixty years over half the land rover ever built are still running .
0.010545532
all defenders are and always have hade aluminium alloy bodies prior to the current all aluminium construction range rovers had a 14 guage steel chassis with an aluminium alloy bodies the resulting corrosion resistance si part of the reason why after nearly sixty years over half the land rover ever built are still running 
0.01049465
is

the answer to your specific question about Ư hataraku is a no also . the onyomi was based on the right half of the character which is chinese . chinese ҩư vs japanese ϫƯ . the japanese character Ư is never used in chinese . do a search in google and specify this character and restrict the result to chinese pages only . you will some webpages using this character , but they are mostly japanese pages mislabeled as chinese pages . they are some chinese pages using this character in the context of referring to the japanese labor ministry . i don't count that as reverse importation . imho , the statement in the article about reverse importation is incorrect .
0.046486486
the answer to your specific question about Ư hataraku is a no also the onyomi was based on the right half of the character which is chinese chinese ҩư vs japanese ϫƯ the japanese character Ư is never used in chinese do a search in google and specify this character and restrict the result to chinese pages only you will some webpages using this character but they are mostly japanese pages milsabeled as chinese pages they are some chinese pages using this character in the context of referring to the japanese labor ministry i dont count that as reverse importation imho the statement in the article about reverse importation is incorrect 
0.044982992
mislabeled

