:: so , it's extortion , eh . -)
0.18654436
so its extrotion eh 
0.18469985
extortion

you have been blocked indefinitely for sockpuppeting .
0.59526074
you have been blocked indefinitely for sockpuppetnig 
0.3423711
sockpuppeting

= = racial policies/white discrimination ? = = there has been increasing discrimination against white running backs , defensive backs , and receivers , who have been less and less visible for the last 25 years . in 2005 , a minimal majority of offensive linemen are white . most quarterbacks , punters , and kickers are white , while almost all running backs , wide receivers , defensive backs , defensive linemen , safeties , punt returners , and kickoff returners are black . these sentences are awkward , and fairly innacurate . there are a number of very talented running backs and wide receivers of all ethnicities . there are also many punt returners and kickoff returners of all ethnicities - i'd like to see where this person got their information . moreover , to say that there is discrimination against one group simply because it's mostly filled by another ethnic group is innacurate . for us to write in an encyclopedic article that there is discrimination , we should have some , you know , evidence of it . * if there are no sources , it is best to remove it .
0.11708149
racial policieswhite discrimination there has been increasing discrimination against white running backs defensive backs and receivers who have been less and less visible for the last 25 years in 2005 a minimal majority of offensive linemen are white most quarterbacks punters and kickers are white while almost all running backs wide receivers defensive backs defensive linemen safeties punt returners and kickoff returners are balck these sentences are awkward and fairly innacurate there are a number of very talented running backs and wide receivers of all ethnicities there are also many punt returners and kickoff returners of all ethnicities id like to see where this person got their information moreover to say that there is discrimination against one group simply because its mostly filled by another ethnic group is innacurate for us to write in an encyclopedic article that there is discrimination we should have some you know evidence of it if there are no sources it is best to remove it 
0.084209666
black

:: unless you expect us to be mind readers tony , we can divine your true thoughts . why you are being so unhelpful and arrogant ?
0.4885864
unless you expect us to be mind readers tony we can divine your true thoughts why you are being so unhelpful and arroagnt 
0.21535505
arrogant

a barangay ( filipino : baranggay ) is the smallest local government unit in the philippines and is the filipino term for a village , district , ward or town . municipalities and cities are composed of barangays . each barangay is headed by a barangay captain ( punong barangay ) i.e. the district mayor , who leads the barangay council ( sangguniang barangay ) composed of barangay councilors ( kagawad ) . every barangay also has a youth council ( sangguniang kabataan or sk ) composed of the sk president or chairman and sk councilors , who direct the youth-oriented activities , such as basketball leagues and other youth oriented activities , in the barangay . historically , a barangay is a relatively small community of around 50 to 100 families . most villages have only thirty to one hundred houses and the population varies from one hundred to five hundred persons . according to legazpi , he found communities with twenty to thirty people only . many coastal villages in the visayan region consisted of no more than eight to ten houses . the word itself is derived from an ancient malay boat called a balangay . this connection between community and boat supports certain theories on the history of the pre-colonial philippines , specifically , that each original coastal “ barangay ” formed as a result of settlers arriving by boat from other places in southeast asia . most communities were coastal or riverine in nature . t
0.007829908
a barangay filipino baranggay is the smallest local government unit in the philippines and is the filipino term for a village district ward or town municipalities and cities are composed of barangays each barangay is headed by a barangay captain punong barangay ie the district maoyr who leads the barangay council sangguniang barangay composed of barangay councilors kagawad every barangay also has a youth council sangguniang kabataan or sk composed of the sk president or chairman and sk councilors who direct the youthoriented activities such as basketball leagues and other youth oriented activities in the barangay historically a barangay is a relatively small community of around 50 to 100 families most villages have only thirty to one hundred houses and the population varies from one hundred to five hundred persons according to legazpi he found communities with twenty to thirty people only many coastal villages in the visayan region consisted of no more than eight to ten houses the word itself is derived from an ancient malay boat called a balangay this connection between community and boat supports certain theories on the history of the precolonial philippines specifically that each original coastal “ barangay ” formed as a result of settlers arriving by boat from other places in southeast asia most communities were coastal or riverine in nature t 
0.00662992
mayor

= = questions = = somehow i seem to be labeled a new and poisonous user . i find this very depressing and confusing as i have tried to maintain an air of cordial discourse in all of my dealings . i am utterly confused as to my block but if this community has decided i am no longer welcome for whatever reasons it seems i have no options . i will check here regularly for the next week in case some explanation is to be tendered or some alternative avenue of appeal is granted to me . on the whole this is very depressing as i thought i had found a community of like minded intellectuals who were indeed interested in contributing to the sum total of knowledge . my initial reception was kind and warm and i hope that i have left some positive lasting result on the community .
0.070542164
questions somehow i seem to be labeled a new and posionous user i find this very depressing and confusing as i have tried to maintain an air of cordial discourse in all of my dealings i am utterly confused as to my block but if this community has decided i am no longer welcome for whatever reasons it seems i have no options i will check here regularly for the next week in case some explanation is to be tendered or some alternative avenue of appeal is granted to me on the whole this is very depressing as i thought i had found a community of like minded intellectuals who were indeed interested in contributing to the sum total of knowledge my initial reception was kind and warm and i hope that i have left some positive lasting result on the community 
0.057472583
poisonous

= = you are surely breaking all rules now = = this edit is outrageous : . will you please start respecting the content of wikipedia and stop that kind of disruptions to make your pov points ? someone should file an rfc on you . your disruptions , 3rr violations and personal attacks is really getting out of hand , and there will be plenty of diffs to present .
0.2792103
you are surely breaking all rules now this edit is outrageous will you please start respecting the content of wikipedia and stop that kind of disruptions to make your pov points someone should file an rfc on you your disruptions 3rr violations and personal attacks is really getting out of hand and there will eb plenty of diffs to present 
0.24359334
be

: good question . anytime i see something like that i wonder too . i did a google search and found this article , dated 2001 , which uses the term . . so if it's a neologism , at least we're not responsible for making it up . seeing as it is a redlink , we might go put in a request for an article . in fact , i just did so here : wikipedia : requested articles/natural sciences
0.022806497
good question anytime i see something like that i wonder too i did a google search and found this article dated 2001 which uses the term so if its a noelogism at least were not responsible for making it up seeing as it is a redlink we might go put in a request for an article in fact i just did so here wikipedia requested articlesnatural sciences 
0.0214311
neologism

. if you do not understand what i mean , click the link i provided above and read about what a user conduct rfc is
0.031987444
if you do not understand what i mean click the link i provided above and read about what a user conduct rfc si 
0.026715796
is

= = category : hawaii mountains = = has created category : hawaii mountains in order to populate category : mountains of the united states . i was wondering if you could take a look at it and make any suggestions , as it seems to be a duplicate of category : volcanoes of hawaii . my suggestion is that we simply categorize category : volcanoes of hawaii , which we keep as a subcat , and depopulate the article members of category : hawaii mountains . wouldn't this avoid a lot of unnecessary duplication ? let me know what you think . |
0.022724692
category hawaii mountains has created category hawaii mountains in order to populate category mountains of the united states i was wondering if you could take a look at it and make any suggestions as it seems to be a duplicate of category volcanoes of hawaii my suggestion is that we simply categorize category volcanoes of hawaii which we keep as a subcat and deoppulate the article members of category hawaii mountains wouldnt this avoid a lot of unnecessary duplication let me know what you think 
0.009499518
depopulate

: let me add a comment here in this discussion . while it certainly seems strange that jokes are included on a page concerning ' religion ' , dismissing it completely without some discussion and consideration would be doing a disservice . it may very well be that bektashi culture is intimately tied to a rich collection of jokes which serve some pedagogical role in the religion . for example , if we look at this site : : http://www.alevibektasi.org/xalevis1.htm : it is written that x . alevi-bektashi humor alevis and bektashis love to use humor to mock religious legalism , hypocrisy , and those who they feel have persecuted them . this humor reveals much about alevi-bektashi thought . to understand their humor is to understand the alevi-bektashis ’ approach to life , religion , and their place in society . here are only a few examples of the hundreds of bektashi jokes ( fıkralar ) that have been collected . this first joke reflects the alevi attitude toward the legalism of the five pillars : the author is john shindeldecker , and he is listed as one of the researchers on the fairly official-looking homepage : http://www.alevibektasi.org/makale_engl.htm : in this case , this material suggests that humor is an integral part of defining bektashi culture as distinctive from other factions of islam . much as zen buddhism is characterized by the sometimes meaningless koans or gospel music in certain factions of protestant christianity . in all of these cases , i don't think it's fair to say that it's like adding black jokes to an article about african americans . this comparison is also a bit overreaching , and unwarranted . aldirmagonul has made a good faith case for why the jokes should be placed on this page . freestylefrappe has deleted it by only saying that it's suspect and racist . but given what we read from another source , this seems an overly simplified and inaccurate depiction of the jokes section . i would like to hear an argument against these lines of evidence from freestylefrappe .
0.14796264
let me add a comment here in this discussion while it certainly seems strange that jokes are included on a page concerning religion dismissing it completely without some discussion and consideration would be doing a disservice it may very well be that bektashi culture is intimately tied to a rich collection of jokes which serve some pedagogical role in the religion for example if we look at this site httpwwwalevibektasiorgxalevis1htm it is written that x alevibektashi humor alevis and bektashis love to use humor to mock religious legalism hypocrsiy and those who they feel have persecuted them this humor reveals much about alevibektashi thought to understand their humor is to understand the alevibektashis ’ approach to life religion and their place in society here are only a few examples of the hundreds of bektashi jokes fıkralar that have been collected this first joke reflects the alevi attitude toward the legalism of the five pillars the author is john shindeldecker and he is listed as one of the researchers on the fairly officiallooking homepage httpwwwalevibektasiorgmakaleenglhtm in this case this material suggests that humor is an integral part of defining bektashi culture as distinctive from other factions of islam much as zen buddhism is characterized by the sometimes meaningless koans or gospel music in certain factions of protestant christianity in all of these cases i dont think its fair to say that its like adding black jokes to an article about african americans this comparison is also a bit overreaching and unwarranted aldirmagonul has made a good faith case for why the jokes should be placed on this page freestylefrappe has deleted it by only saying that its suspect and racist but given what we read from another source this seems an overly simplified and inaccurate depiction of the jokes section i would like to hear an argument against these lines of evidence from freestylefrappe 
0.106785975
hypocrisy

= = user sub pages = = to create a sub page of your user page , simply type user : bubba73/pagename into the search bar , and click go ( replace pagename with what ever name you choose ) . you will be taken to the no such page exixts screen , one of the choses is start the page . click on that choice . edit and save as on any wikpedia page . note that anyone really wanting to find this will be able to do so . but no casual user will evenr know it is there unless you tell such a person . yopu can have several such pages . for example i use for testing templates and wiki-code i am working on . by the way , other users can not see your watch list , even if they are admins . i suppsoe developers could see it via direct database access , but that is about it .
0.031320363
user sub pages to create a sub page of your user page simply type user bubba73pagename into the search bar and click og replace pagename with what ever name you choose you will be taken to the no such page exixts screen one of the choses is start the page click on that choice edit and save as on any wikpedia page note that anyone really wanting to find this will be able to do so but no casual user will evenr know it is there unless you tell such a person yopu can have several such pages for example i use for testing templates and wikicode i am working on by the way other users can not see your watch list even if they are admins i suppsoe developers could see it via direct database access but that is about it 
0.030234622
go

= = victims of nat turner rebellion = = i agree . but some would argue the page may not necessarily be racist , but , yes , it certainly is lopsided . i think some brief , explanatory introduction of what the rebellion is would be helpful . and if the names of the blacks involved who perished are available , then they certainly should be included . even the names of those insurrectionists/freedom fighters who later were executed should be included and , perhaps , the word victims changed to something less value laden . after all , many of these whites and their families thrived/prospered by victimizing , exploiting and degrading blacks . they certainly also were victims ? and even those insurrectionists who perished because they felt compelled to take matters into their own hands because they could/would no longer tolerate bondage or the dehumanization of their kin as human chattel were they no less victims ?
0.15835357
victims of nat turner rebellion i agree but some would argue the page may not necessarily be racist but yes it certainly is lopsided i think some brief explanatory introduction of what the rebellion is would be helpful and if the names of the blacs involved who perished are available then they certainly should be included even the names of those insurrectionistsfreedom fighters who later were executed should be included and perhaps the word victims changed to something less value laden after all many of these whites and their families thrivedprospered by victimizing exploiting and degrading balcks they certainly also were victims and even those insurrectionists who perished because they felt compelled to take matters into their own hands because they couldwould no longer tolerate bondage or the dehumanization of their kin as human chattel were they no less victims 
0.08527094
blacks

: gamaliel , please re-read the above section ; it begins with suppose for a minute that the press reports regarding the severity of kerry's 1st injury were the only fact set we had available ... and it goes on to cite [ this press report and quote kerry's medical treatment report from it . my entire line of thought in the section you ust dismissed , rests entirely on this and does not utilize letson or hibbard . please re-read
0.015990641
gamaliel please reread the above section it begins with suppose for a minute that the press reports regarding the severity of kerrys 1st injury were the only fact set we had available and it goes on to cite this press report and quote kerrys medical treatment report from it my entire line of thought in the section you ust dismsised rests entirely on this and does not utilize letson or hibbard please reread 
0.012090027
dismissed

i disagree . i know that wrestling is all real and anyone who doesn't believe that should training from a professional wrestler and try out for the wwe because as wwe superstar chris benoit , i can assure you that my diving headbutts are real and the opponents pain is real also .
0.02303479
i diasgree i know that wrestling is all real and anyone who doesnt believe that should training from a professional wrestler and try out for the wwe because as wwe superstar chris benoit i can assure you that my diving headbutts are real and the opponents pain is real also 
0.020633329
disagree

