= = tom harrisons a g @y bitch = = ur a fucking gay foo biotch so go back to the corner and start fingering urself again you stupid biotch
0.9877895
tom harrisons a g y ibtch ur a fucking gay foo biotch so go back to the corner and start fingering urself again you stupid biotch 
0.98536754
bitch

= = stop = = stop kissing a ** so much . be your own man . drjoe
0.7375976
stop stop kissing a so much be your own man droje 
0.48460633
drjoe

= = radiation therapy implications = = jellytussle , you wrote me about the radiation therapy implications heading , but i didn't write it and i'm not so expert about the tecnical aspects of it . my only modify of the article was the interwiki link to the italian article , because i'm italian ( as you can see for my not so good english ) and i'm using the english article on radiation therapy as starting point to write the same article in the it.wikipedia.org ... perhaps you wanted to write to ? if yes , don't worry ;-)) bye -)
0.029877694
radiation therapy implications jellytussle you wrote me about the radiation therapy implications heading but i didnt write it and im not so expert about the tecnical aspects of it my only modify of the article was the interwiki link to the italian article because im italian as you can see for my not so good english and im using the english article on radiation therapy as startign point to write the same article in the itwikipediaorg perhaps you wanted to write to if yes dont worry bye 
0.028137207
starting

= = someone's been bad ! = = naughty ! you should be ashamed of yourself 69.156.110.58
0.72149295
someones been bda naughty you should be ashamed of yourself 6915611058 
0.5156723
bad

* when blocking may not be used - use of blocks to gain advantage in a content dispute * you didn't warn me before you blocked me . * you did not post a note on my talk page and attempt to discuss the issue first .
0.14994322
when blocking may not eb used use of blocks to gain advantage in a content dispute you didnt warn me before you blocked me you did not post a note on my talk page and attempt to discuss the issue first 
0.10299472
be

= = image : insideagrafort . jpg = = i would like to draw attention to the text below the photo labeled ' insideagrafort . jpg ' as seen on the wikipedia's ' red fort at agra ' page . it states that the photograph was taken at khas mahal . this is incorrect as this location is known as the musamman burj , where shahjahan spent the last seven years of his life under house arrest by his son aurganzeb .
0.039095182
image insideagrafort jpg i would like to draw attention to the text below the photo labeled insideagrafort jpg as seen on the wikipedias red fort at agra page it states that the photograph was taken at khas mahal this is incorrect as this location is known as the musamman burj where shahjahan spent the last seven years of his ilfe under house arrest by his son aurganzeb 
0.031072866
life

note that there were two polish charges at somosierra first one took all the batteries , but because the last one was reached by only few uhlans , spanish were able to regain it . that's why second charge was needed , which recaptured last artillery position . also , polish squadron was nto destroyed . it's losses were comparable in scale to the losses suffered by other units during napoleonic wars . i will provide more info at monday .
0.018766645
note that there were two polish charges at somosierra first one took all the batteries but because the last one was reached by only few uhlans spanish were able to regain it thats why second charge was needed which recaptured last artillery position also polish squadron was nto edstroyed its losses were comparable in scale to the losses suffered by other units during napoleonic wars i will provide more info at monday 
0.012983053
destroyed

perhaps all of this is silly shouting , but the subject is important to the future of the wikipedia . arbcom is not going to take the case because they would be setting a precedent that would be used against other admins - you can't expect administrators to act responsibly at this point , can you ? they are protecting their own rear ends . just apologize for pissing off hundreds of fellow wikipedians , and we can all get on with the encyclopedia . and next time maybe use the deletion process rather than provoke a shouting match ? it's about being civil .
0.2310191
perhaps all of this is silly shouting but the subject is important to the future of the wikipedia arbcom is not going to take the case because they would be setting a precedent that would be used against other admins you cant expect administrators to act responsibly at this point can you they are protecting their own rear ends just apologize for ipssing off hundreds of fellow wikipedians and we can all get on with the encyclopedia and next time maybe use the deletion process rather than provoke a shouting match its about being civil 
0.22394653
pissing

answers : roxas ' isn't the bhk name ? the game says otherwise . you fail . roxas is his name . period .
0.21335782
answers roxas isnt the bhk name the game says otherwise you fial roxas is his name period 
0.21017195
fail

: wikipedia will obviously not claim bush or whoever is the antichrist , but it can very well report on common allegations . we have an entire ( long ) article about 9/11 conspiracy theories . entire books and websites are dedicated to bush as antichrist , so the phenomenon is clearly notable enough for wp to report on it .
0.15167357
wikipedia will obviously not claim bush or whoever is the annichrist but it can very well report on common allegations we have an entire long article about 911 conspiracy theories entire books and websites are dedicated to bush as antcihrist so the phenomenon is clearly notable enough for wp to report on it 
0.06421785
antichrist

= = kept at bay = = as long as it takes , we are here to stay . :: a.k.a. ( among others ) can't even get the air dates right , and the rest is a pov that is well-covered in the interesting book i cited , hollywood kryptonite . these users also cannot write proper english , which is what gives away that they are the same user , despite their denials . = = reply to vandal wakkeenah = = to all the vandals and so called just administrators , the air dates are minor problems , the facts and details surrounding reeves suicided are not being written well enough , as everybody else is reporting , the fact that reeves was to fight moore next day , is also being reverted , this is pure vandalism . as far as spelling goes by vesa or projects or whoever , well , if you keep on repeating yourself and have no time , some spelling errors might occur , but it's not the spelling that counts but content which is being vandalised by so called just users and administrators of this so called just wikipedia . and it is obvious wahkeenah has some personal interest in this , proof : all over internet we have reeves ' death explained in detail and possible people involved , but over here he is taking everything down , the idiotic administratotors are reversing it , thus making themselves look stupid and ignorant by not realizing the historical facts .
0.33351365
kept at bay as long as it takes we are here to stay aka among others cant even get the air dates right and the rest is a pov that is wellcovered in the interesting book i cited hollywood kryptonite these users also cannot write proper english which is what gives away that they are the same user despite their denials reply to vandal wakkeenah to all the vandals and so called just administrators the air dates are minor problems the facts and details surrounding reeves suicided are not being written well enough as everybody else is reporting the fact that reeves was to fight moore next day is also being reverted this is pure vandalism as far as spelling goes by vesa or projects or whoever well if you keep on repeating yourself and have no time some spelling errors might occur but its not the spelling that counts but content which is being vandalised by so called just users and administrators of this so called just wikipedia and it is obvious wahkeenah has some personal interest in this proof all over internet we have reeves death explained in detail and possible people involved but over here he is taking everything down the idiotic administratotors are reversing it thus making themselves look sutpid and ignorant by not realizing the historical facts 
0.27126113
stupid

i did a heavy rewrite on many of the trivia bits because almost all of them were copied verbatim from those on imdb . i hate when people do that . i also removed a couple because they seemed too weak to be noteworthy . i wanted to get rid of a couple others , like the casting , but that's just because i find that information boring , but it maybe notable nontheless . i also took a major slice out of the john milton thing . imdb may not have original research issues , but we do .
0.104760714
i did a heavy rewrite on many of the trivia bits because almost all of them were copied verbatim from those on imdb i htae when people do that i also removed a couple because they seemed too weak to be noteworthy i wanted to get rid of a couple others like the casting but thats just because i find that information boring but it maybe notable nontheless i also took a major slice out of the john milton thing imdb may not have original research issues but we do 
0.070972584
hate

, 8 january 2006 ( utc ) :: oh , you're right , i botched that . as for the direction in the intro , i'm fine either way ; i just thought it might be a nice compromise to write it one way in the intro and another in the section . but for the moment , it was easiest for me to just revert the intro to the state before my change , pending some authority to be cited . 03:14
0.023392428
8 january 2006 utc oh youre right i botched that as for the direction in the intro im fine either way i just thought it might b e a nice compromise to write it one way in the intro and another in the section but for the moment it was easiest for me to just revert the intro to the state before my change pending some authority to eb cited 0314 
0.018384304
be

= = need your help = = hello , you were helping me the other day on the copyright issue for the name remagine . i have left you a new post on that copyright violation wiki article . i need your advice and help to resolve this matter . take care .
0.07140032
need your help hello you were helping me the other day on the copyright issue for the name remagine i have left you a new post on that copyright voilation wiki article i need your advice and help to resolve this matter take care 
0.041085564
violation

= = response to php = = i am not advertising or spamming or anything else you think is going on . i posted valid links to a valid site that has to do with the topic at hand . this is what the external links section is for . it is to give users other sites that deal with the same topic but expand on that topic or maybe give tutorials or articles on that topic . if you harrass me again you will be the one submitted for a user ban .
0.1124396
response to php i am not advertising or spamming or anything else you think is going on i posted valid links to a valid site that has to do with the topic at hand this is what the external links section is for it is to give users other sites that deal with the same topic but expand on that topic or maybe give tutorials or articles on that topic if you harrass me again you will be the one submitted for a user abn 
0.09261736
ban

*** would you be amenable to a less controversial category , such as category : criminals ? the alleged facts of townshend's offense would remain in the article it's unlikely that any readers would miss them and the categorization would still make clear his involvement in what you say his local law has deemed to be criminal acts .
0.31824347
would you be amenable to a less controversial category such as category criimnals the alleged facts of townshends offense would remain in the article its unlikely that any readers would miss them and the categorization would still make clear his involvement in what you say his local law has deemed to be criminal acts 
0.07325798
criminals

= = arbcomm suffrage = = you've picked the wrong place to ask that question , as i don't make the rules . i just try to make sure both sides follow whatever rules have been agreed upon . the undeniable fact is that people will try to cheat by using multiple accounts , and the rules exist to reduce this , although it can never be fully prevented . no personal offense should be taken . regards . — '''' ([ talk ]) 20:05 , jan . 10 , 2006
0.038623024
arbcomm suffrage youve picked the wrong place to ask that question as i dont make the rules i just try to make sure both sides follow whatever rules have been agreed upon the undeniable fact is that people will try to chaet by using multiple accounts and the rules exist to reduce this although it can never be fully prevented no personal offense should be taken regards — talk 2005 jan 10 2006 
0.02251516
cheat

: hi , l . i didn't put those last two in ( with the log(cos ) stuff ) . it didn't come from gilson afaik . you'll have to check the article history ( the diffs ) to figure out who put it in . you can yank it out afaic and see if someone squawks or not ( i won't ) , or you can track down the editor who stuck it in and ask them about it or you can yank it out and tell that editor or any other combination . btw , g is accurate to 150 ppm where that number above is 42 ppm ( better than g but not much better ) . nonetheless , we know α to about 3 ppb and gilson's numerology is accurate to about twice that error .
0.045626424
hi l i didnt put those last two in with the logcos stuff it didnt come from gilson afaik youll have to check the article history the diffs to figure out who put it in you can fyank it out afaic and see if someone squawks or not i wont or you can track down the editor who stuck it in and ask them about it or you can ynak it out and tell that editor or any other combination btw g is accurate to 150 ppm where that number above is 42 ppm better than g but not much better nonetheless we know α to about 3 ppb and gilsons numerology is accurate to about twice that error 
0.031283747
yank

