: i only get 7 hits on google for the phrase quantum systemics , no matches with the physics preprint archivx.org, and no matches on the american physical society's phys . review series of journals . i wouldn't call this a recent worldwide acceptance of quantum systemics . in fact i can find very few references to the word systemics in any physics journals whatsoever ( and , indeed , very few references to systemics in any english-language scientific journals ) . the phrase systemics is far more widely interpreted ( at least in the english-speaking world ) , as referring to systems theory as developed by bertalanffy , ashby and others . systemics is listed as an alias for systems theory , so people who use the systemics will find the page .
0.011930954
i only get 7 hist on google for the phrase quantum systemics no matches with the physics preprint archivxorg and no matches on the american physical societys phys review series of journals i wouldnt call this a recent worldwide acceptance of quantum systemics in fact i can find very few references to the word systemics in any physics journals whatsoever and indeed very few references to systemics in any englishlanguage scientific journals the phrase systemics is far more widely interpreted at least in the englishspeaking world as referring to systems theory as developed by bertalanffy ashby and others systemics is listed as an alias for systems theory so people who use the systemics will find the page 
0.01116161
hits

- the first paragraph of the article ends with : : the term racialism is sometimes favored as a less negative term by those who hold certain beliefs about race that they believe to be scientifically justified . two problems : the way this sentence is currently worded , it assumes the validity of the concept of race , when in fact that term is problematical because of the way most people interpret it . there is no clear indication of what believers in racialism believe other than that they believe their beliefs are scientifically justified . it's also unclear whether these believers are even a reasonably coherent group , or whether for some users of the terms it indicates a belief that , e.g. , people with a recent african heritage are more likely , statistically , to have sickle-cell anemia and therefore need to be screened for that disease , and for others it is just a cosmetic improvement on racism .
0.063956544
the first paragraph of the article ends with the term racialism is sometimes favored as a less negative term by those who hold certain beliefs about race that they believe to be scientifically justified two problems the way this sentence is currently worded it assumes the validity of the concept of race when in fact that term is problematical because of the way most people interpret it there is no clear indication of what believers in racialism believe other than that they believe their beliefs are scientifically justified its also unclear whether these believers are even a reasonably coherent group or whether for some users of the terms it indicates a belief that eg people with a recent african heritage are more likely statistically to have sicklecell anemia and therefore need to be screened for that disease and for others it is just a cosmetic improvement on racsim 
0.056932516
racism

a list of historical figures from a historical era is hardly contributing nothing . if you don't like lists , too bad .
0.12413291
a list of historical figures from a historical era is hardly contributing nothing if you dont like lists too abd 
0.05563974
bad

i read lot of comments in the net about if the movie or the novel is better . i think they both quite good . movie and novel are quite different mediums . so it is not quite possible to compare both . i personally find the last capitel of the novel quite disappointing and somehow innecessary . handongs mariage and his conversion to christiansm is for me a double betrayal against lanyu .
0.035540547
i read lot of comments in the net about if the movie or the novel is better i think they both quite good movie and novel are quite different mediums so it is not quite possible to compare both i personally find the last capitel of the novel quite disappoinitng and somehow innecessary handongs mariage and his conversion to christiansm is for me a double betrayal against lanyu 
0.024991775
disappointing

thanks for welcoming me to wikipedia . i've been reading ( lurking ) for a while , but felt moved to write . it can be a bit intimidating at first . thanks for your help .
0.027210133
thanks for welcoming me to wikipedia ive been reading lurking for a while but felt moved to write it can be a bit intimidatnig at first thanks for your help 
0.019955236
intimidating

= = swampy = = swampy ( real name daniel hooper ) was a british environmental protester is he dead then , or do you just mean that he has stopped protesting ?
0.25985208
swampy swampy real name daniel hooper was a british environmental protester is he daed then or do you just mean that he has stopped protesting 
0.20348863
dead

:: inspiration isn't plagiarism by a long shot . not to mention that the basic themes of the hidden fortress are themselves pretty old ...
0.057211474
inspiration isnt lpagiarism by a long shot not to mention that the basic themes of the hidden fortress are themselves pretty old 
0.048055626
plagiarism

= = requests for mediation = = just so you know , when i left that note on rfm that i was willing to mediate , i kind of assumed that you'd see it there . in any event , i repeat here my offer to mediate , subject to the stipulations on the rfm page . sam/jack seems willing to accept me . if you do as well , we can move forward . otherwise ( and i understand if you don't want to accept my mediation ) you should propose an alternative mediator and see if sam/jack is willing to agree . |
0.018865727
requests for mediation just so you know when i left that note on rfm that i was willing to mediate i kind of assumed that youd see it there in any event i rpeeat here my offer to mediate subject to the stipulations on the rfm page samjack seems willing to accept me if you do as well we can move forward otherwise and i understand if you dont want to accept my mediation you should propose an alternative mediator and see if samjack is willing to agree 
0.016882734
repeat

or could the article be called perspective change ?
0.008288749
or could the article eb called perspective change 
0.0051806094
be

: does it make you wonder , if the claim is that the spit burned like acid or stained , whether this is physical or alegorical though ?
0.3089948
does it make you wonder if the claim is that the psit burned like acid or stained whether this is physical or alegorical though 
0.22607966
spit

hi , i removed erudite pomposity from vfd as it has already been deleted by .
0.053096086
hi i removed reudite pomposity from vfd as it has already been deleted by 
0.049054
erudite

* 1 . on students and faculty , it's common to list those who are both only as faculty , which is why i deleted marjustin from the student list and moved kallas up ( formal professor- and dotsentships ) . as regards keres ( and other cases that may come up ) , i think the biography article should then be updated as well and tartu included . * 2 . i would stay with academia gustaviana ; this is really how it was called , and the charles addition only obscures ( cf . piirimäe & co . ) * 3 . i would always transliterate jurjev , both in german and in english ; why did you change it to yuryev ? the point is , in almost all literature on the field , and especially on the imprints of books that are likely to be read ( mattiesen , acta et commentationes etc . ) , it is spelled jurjev , and thus people would look for that . i would if anything put a referral page to yuryev and univ . of yuryev .
0.026914202
1 on students and faculty its common to list those who are both only as faculty which is why i deleted marjustin from the student list and moved kallas up formal professor and dotsentships as regards keres and other cases that may come up i think the biography article should then be updated as well and tartu included 2 i would stay with academia gustaviana this is really how it was called and the charles addition only obscures fc piirimäe co 3 i would always transliterate jurjev both in german and in english why did you change it to yuryev the point is in almost all literature on the field and especially on the imprints of books that are likely to be read mattiesen acta et commentationes etc it is spelled jurjev and thus people would look for that i would if anything put a referral page to yuryev and univ of yuryev 
0.020231912
cf

: jimbo's argument is that having an article for him does not best serve wikipedia . his argument is unique to him .
0.04030602
jimbos argument ib that having an article for him does not best serve wikipedia his argument si unique to him 
0.039565228
is

: although i didn't write that part of the article , the context of this is as some type of lots that were cast . it is tradition ( however reliable that is ) that u&t ; were more of a divine name for the casting of lots . therefore when matthias was chosen by the casting of lots , some feel that it was done by urim and thummin . not by the urim and thummin . perhaps has more information on this - someone want to ask him to discuss ? my understanding is that some early christian church fathers referred to the calling in this way . i think it has merit to keep in the article until decided upon . i don't think it is mormon view that the twelve had stones call the u&t ; , but rather christian tradition . perhaps the article should be modified to contain a verb form . -
0.036179338
although i didnt write that part of the article the context of this ip as some type of lots that were cast it s tradition however reliable that i that ut were more of a divine name for the casting of lots therefore when matthias was chosen by the casting of lots some feel that it was done by urim and thummin not by the urim and thummin perhaps has more information on this someone want to ask him to discuss my understanding si that some early christian church fathers referred to the calling in this way i think it has merit to keep in the article until decided upon i dont think it si mormon view that the twelve had stones call the ut but rather christian tradition perhaps the article should be modified to contain a verb form 
0.033630803
is

= = i learned so much thank to you = = i love alanis and her work since her first song . i'd like to thank everybody who wrote this because it's really well done . i would have helped if it was no so complete ... i will try anyway ... maryjane
0.039410666
i learned so much thank to you i love alanis and her work since her first song id liek to thank everybody who wrote this because its really well done i would have helped if it was no so complete i will try anyway maryjane 
0.02230876
like

, 15 apr 2004 ( utc ) ::: m , this colon convention gets out of hand after maybe two . ::: i've just looked over the articles you suggested i might take an eye to . we will have something to discuss , i see . you don't take on small issues ! much more daring than i am . ::: i can have more to say later , of course , but first impression sis that there may very well be pov objections to most of these on grounds of opinion . now that's inevitable in any sort of political or historical analysis and the best anyone can probably do is scratch a little rhetorical dirt over the most blatant . it's the basis for academic debate in these disciplines . politics , though , is important , not just scholasticim redux and so it's worth doing . enough blather . ::: i see a major problem in that your perspective is too temporally narrow , pov allegations aside . i trace the big break ( realignment or whatever ) in american politics to the bull moose . until then , both the republicans and democrats were broad parties with support from all classes , regions , etc ( well , the solid south was an exception for the obvious racist reasons , but ... ) . when teddy took the progressives out in 1912 , he made wilson's election nearly certain and more importantly in the longer run , many ( most ) of those folks never went back . think of la follette or george norris or hiram johnson , progressives ( small p ) all , and all ( i think ) republicans . they wouldn't have been important or comfortable in the gop of harding , coolidge , hoover , taft ( pere ou fils ) and their intellectual descendents weren't . it was the repuplicans who staged a generations long witch hunt for commies and unamericanism . even thouhg it was an idiot democrat who started huac ( martin dies and he had a soviet spy (!) as a fellow member dickstein i think it was ) . but the gop found the structure conveninet to use . ::: think nixon from his first election , or the gop tolerance for mccarthy , tom delay , newt gingrich , bomber bob dornan from california , etc . the ' rockefeller wing ' ( misnamed ) of the gop was the last remnant of the people teddy had taken out . goldwater just made the ideological contraction more evident/blatant/inescapable . he wasn't actually very much in tune with the modern conservatives now dominating the gop . too independent of a specific agenda . ::: this leaves the dems as the only broadly based party , but remember that old saw about belonging to no organized party , i'm a democrat . that's a distortion of the historic american pattern of two substandtial widely based parties , plus some minors . maybe that pattern is changing , or not , but it's abberrant . ::: enough . have to go anyway . tell me whether anything i've said is of any use . 23:41
0.22086881
15 apr 2004 utc m this colon convention gets out of hand after maybe two ive just looked over the articles you suggested i might take an eye to we will have something to discuss i see you dont take on small issues much more daring than i am i can have more to say later of course but first impression sis that there may very well be pov objections to most of these on grounds of opinion now thats inevitable in any sort of political or historical analysis and the best anyone can probably do is scratch a little rhetorical dirt over the most blatant its the basis for academic debate in these disciplines politics though is important not just scholasticim redux and so its worth doing enough blather i see a major problem in that your perspective is too temporally narrow pov allegations aside i trace the big break realignment or whatever in american politics to the bull moose until then both the republicans and democrats were broad parties with support from all classes regions etc well the solid south was an exception for the obvious racist reasons but when teddy took the progressives out in 1912 he made wilsons election nearly certain and more importantly in the longer run many most of those folks never went back think of la follette or george norris or hiram johnson progressives small p all and all i think republicans they wouldnt have been important or comfortable in the gop of harding coolidge hoover taft pere ou fils and their intellectual descendents werent it was the repuplicans who staged a generations long witch hunt for commies and unamericanism even thouhg it was an idito democrat who started huac martin dies and he had a soviet spy as a fellow member dickstein i think it was but the gop found the structure conveninet to use think nixon from his first election or the gop tolerance for mccarthy tom delay newt gingrich bomber bob dornan from california etc the rockefeller wing misnamed of the gop was the last remnant of the people teddy had taken out goldwater just made the ideological contraction more evidentblatantinescapable he wasnt actually very much in tune with the modern conservatives now dominating the gop too independent of a specific agenda this leaves the dems as the only broadly based party but remember that old saw about belonging to no organized party im a democrat thats a distortion of the historic american pattern of two substandtial widely based parties plus some minors maybe that pattern is changing or not but its abberrant enough have to go anyway tell me whether anything ive said is of any use 2341 
0.105353594
idiot

= = fish name capitalization = = although i'm tempted , i'm not going to get into edit wars on capitalization of fish species names . however , if you're going to take it upon yourself to go against the standard , please at least go to the trouble of changing articles throughout ; by changing just the lead and taxobox , you're making most of the articles internally inconsistent in style , and they look ridiculous as a result .
0.1966201
fish name capitalization although im tempted im not going to get into edit wars on capitalization of fish species names however if youre going to take it upon yourself to go against the standard please at least go to the trouble of changing articles throughout by changing just the lead and taxobox youre making most of the articles internally inconsistent in style and they look ridciulous as a result 
0.041800622
ridiculous

= = sealand = = i don't see why including sealing is making fun of the wikipedia . after all , it is not legally recognised as a state , but neither the uk nor the un have done anything to stop sealand acting a fiscal paradise . theoretically , the vatican state could also apply to join the eu . is that funny too ?
0.059688102
sealand i dont see why including sealing is making fun of the wikipedia after all it is not legally recognised as a state but neither the uk nor the un have done anything to stpo sealand acting a fiscal paradise theoretically the vatican state could also apply to join the eu is that funny too 
0.05266702
stop

this article doesn't suppose to focus on defining consciousness , it only supposed to describe the aspects of consciousness what are relevant for ac , and why they are relevant . i don't know whether ac would exactly be a superset , but i think that it would describe that what is objective , and therefore most likely common in different possible types of consciousness . i don't also see why r2-d2 , c-3p0 and hal are artificial consciousness , and don't see the reason why they were added . i added vanamonde , what i think is a good example of ac , and jane , what was mentioned to be artificial sentience . who thinks r2-d2 , c-3p0 and hal should be there , may explain .
0.0074185175
this article doesnt suppose to focus on defining consciousness it only supposed to describe the aspects of consciousness what are relevant for ac and why they are relevant i dont know whether ac would exactly be a superset but i think that it would describe that what is objective and therefore most likely common in different possible types of consciousness i dont also see why r2d2 c3p0 and hal are artipficial consciousness and dont see the reason why they were added i added vanamonde what i think is a good example of ac and jane what was mentioned to be artfiicial sentience who thinks r2d2 c3p0 and hal should be there may explain 
0.0069119246
artificial

