yes ah sooobig dumb object , just a bunch o hosers , give up so easily .. quitters
0.5885851
yes ah sooobig dmub object just a bunch o hosers give up so easily quitters 
0.29655606
dumb

, 11 december 2005 ( utc ) : there , i did what i could to fix it . basically , i removed the stuff i knew to not be true and left the rest . what do you think ? 04:10
0.020107929
11 december 2005 utc there i did what i could to fix it basically i removed the stuff i knew to not eb true and left the rest what do you think 0410 
0.018305808
be

- supernatural has an incorrect pronounciation . the latter mentioned above , pronounced ' when-di-go ' , is the correct and generally accepted version .
0.010135893
supernatural has an incorrect pronounciation the latter mentioned above pronounced whendigo si the correct and generally accepted version 
0.0074462825
is

= = a moldavian = = i am a moldavian , and i can explain better what is a moldavian . as a sicilian is an italian , a bavarian is a german , so the same : a moldavian is a romanian !
0.07016927
a moldavian i am a moldavian and i can explain better what i a moldavian as a sicilian i s an italian a bavarian i s a german so the same a moldavian si a romanian 
0.05801491
is

= = references ! = = the material in the first chapter is directly copied from the complete mafia encyclopedia . is there a place where this can be reported ?
0.13483924
references the material in the first chapter is directly copied from the compltee mafia encyclopedia is there a place where this can be reported 
0.097052194
complete

glenn , first of all the freestylefrappe is not tersely saying , he has already blocked me without any warning . have you seen his version of kumanovo article ? he is talking only about murdering , blood , terrorism and nothing about the city normal life . of course , there were moments in the kumanovo’s history when a terrorist attacks took place , but kumanovo is most of the time a quiet ordinary macedonian town that doesn’t deserve such descriptions . it is the same as if you write an article about london not mentioning st paul’s catedral , westminster , tower bridge .. and writing only about recent terrorist attacks in the london underground . talking about copyvios , i noticed that freestylefrappe is using text written by christopher deliso you can check that on : http://www.serbianna.com/columns/deliso/ http://www.popovashapka.com/terrorist_bombing_in_kumanovo.htm are you sure he has permit for doing that ? of course , i will not stay calm until he stops vandalizing the macedonian towns .
0.1836839
glenn first of all the freestylefrappe is not tersely saying he has already blocked me without any warning have you seen his version of kumanovo article he is talking only about mudrering blood terrorism and nothing about the city normal life of course there were moments in the kumanovo’s history when a terrorist attacks took place but kumanovo is most of the time a quiet ordinary macedonian town that doesn’t deserve such descriptions it is the same as if you write an article about london not mentioning st paul’s catedral westminster tower bridge and writing only about recent terrorist attacks in the london underground talking about copyvios i noticed that freestylefrappe is using text written by christopher deliso you can check that on httpwwwserbiannacomcolumnsdeliso httpwwwpopovashapkacomterroristbombinginkumanovohtm are you sure he has permit for doing that of course i will not stay calm until he stops vandalizing the macedonian towns 
0.17145309
murdering

appropriate names = = :::::::: excuse me , logolist , but there's no purpose served by implying obliquely that the germans of today have designs upon wroclaw , szczecin , gdansk , etc ., if that's what you intended above . beyond that , you should understand that all these points of view about ex-german places that are part of post-1945 poland have been made , aired , discussed , contested and reiterated ad nauseum on wiki during the past couple of years . my own view is that these places were known to most of the world by their german names for a long time , which should be explained where relevant , i.e. in any historical section . this is especially true of danzig/gdansk , given its unique history in the interwar period and internationally high profile politically . a secondary point is that these places where known to their inhabitants by their german names before 1945 . there's nothing revanchist or revisionist in naming places with the names by which they were known to the world and to themselves during the historical periods involved . indeed , it is linguistically revisionist , in a sense , to refer to danzig ( for example ) as gdansk when writing about the six centuries in which it was inhabited mainly by germans . i've argued all along that the germans today should refer to these places by their polish names when referring to contemporary events – for the same reasons that they should be referred to by their german names when historical events are the issue . = =
0.025005959
appropriate names excuse me logolist but theres no purpose served by implying obliquely that the germans of today have designs upon wroclaw szczecin gdansk etc if thats what you intended above beyond that you should understand that all these points of view about exgerman places that are part of post1945 poland have been made aired discussed contested and reiterated ad nauseum on wiki during the past couple of years my own view is that these places were known to most of the world by their german names for a long time which should be explained where relevant ie in any historical section this is especially true of danziggdansk given its unique history in the interwar period and internationally high profile politically a secondary point is that these places where known to their inhabitants by their german names before 1945 theres nothing revanchist or r e v i s i o n i s t in naming places with the names by which they were known to the world and to themselves during the historical periods involved indeed it is linguistically reivsionist in a sense to refer to danzig for example as gdansk when writing about the six centuries in which it was inhabited mainly by germans ive argued all along that the germans today should refer to these places by their polish names when referring to contemporary events – for the same reasons that they should be referred to by their german names when historical events are the issue 
0.016671965
revisionist

= = just a little thank you = = thank you , nidara . the nonsense that's been going on at wikipedia is quite unfortunate , and i've noticed you've done nothing but contribute to the process of getting the article back up and running . it's great that you've jumped right in , acknowledged that you don't know all the policies , and earnestly set yourself to learning of them when you were aware . it's just nice to know that you're out there , doing your thing .
0.06704623
just a little thank you thank you nidara the nnosense thats been going on at wikipedia is quite unfortunate and ive noticed youve done nothing but contribute to the process of getting the article back up and running its great that youve jumped right in acknowledged that you dont know all the policies and earnestly set yourself to learning of them when you were aware its just nice to know that youre out there doing your thing 
0.04483962
nonsense

: thank you for your request . : # it is not a campaign . : # feel free to read the post . skinwalker hunted it down through google , and posted it on the veganism talk page . : # i have read that page . i was trying to attract attention to the article , yes . that community is full of knowledgable folk , and is an excellent resource for finding things out . many , many people are members . i'm sorry if you view attracting others to wikipedia as a bad thing . i did not order them to do anything . they aren't friends . i was bringing in outside voices . i have argued consistently on many topics with many of them , and i repsect the community as a good place for discussion . i do not converse with any of them other than in that community . what you see on that page is all that has happened between me and any of them in regards to wikipedia . if you see a distinct problem with it , please let me know . none of them are meatpuppets , and i expect they'd all be fairly offended at the accusation . feel free to contact them ; they probably have contact information on their live journal user info pages . again , thank you for your request . i'm sure that you are only doing what you think is best for the encyclopedia .
0.0480694
thank you for your request it is not a campaign feel free to read the post skinwalker hunted it down through google and posted it on the veganism talk page i have read that page i was trying to attract attention to the article yes that community is full of knowledgable folk and is an excellent resource for finding things out many many people are members im sorry if you view attracting others to wikipedia as a bad thing i did not order them to do anything they arent friends i was bringing in outside voices i have argued consistently on many topics with many of them and i repsect the community as a good place for discussion i do not converse with any of them other than in that community what you see on that page is all that has happened between me and any of them in regards to wikipedia if you see a distinct problem with it please let me know none of them are meatpuppets and i expect theyd all be fairly fofended at the accusation feel free to contact them they probably have contact information on their live journal user info pages again thank you for your request im sure that you are only doing what you think is best for the encyclopedia 
0.047891725
offended

this article uses a lot of spanish words that must be translated to english , since this is the english version of wikipedia !!! not everyone can understand charreadas amd corridas de toros and all those things . even the title is all in spanish
0.08203649
this article uses a lot of spanish words that must be translated to english since this si the english version of wikipedia not everyone can understand charreadas amd corridas de toros and all those things even the title si all in spanish 
0.031893134
is

= = megamanzero insists in changing arbitrarily the layout of the page to his likings = = and he does it ignoring the reasons and more importantly , erasing the work of many people , including myself , klantis , 305prodigy , among many others that have contributed to this page . he has also vandalized my name in several articles by changing it's spelling . how can report this to the moderators ? can anybody tell me please ? now i'm going to reproduce a question that i made in his talk page . megamanzero , this is going to be fun . i'd like you to tell me , please , if you know where the image tears comes from , specifically from what source , or where it is seen , megamanzero . lantis don't tell him . megamanzero you said : this is where it gets surreal . that image simply depicts iori crying or bleeding for some apparent reason ; i can only speculate to the reason of its upload . furthurmore , there's no mention of the pic's sembelence anywhere in the article . you use big words in vain . you lack the knowledge required to decide in this matter if you don't answer correctly . take a look at the part of the story section where it is located . do you seriously ignore where the pic comes from ? btw , a clue : all the pictures illustrate parts of the story , or parts of different moments of iori's personality .
0.10380657
megamanzero insists in changing arbitrarily the layout of the page to his likings and he does it ignoring the reasons and more importantly erasing the work of many people including myself klantis 305prodigy among many others that have contributed to this page he has also vandaliezd my name in several articles by changing its spelling how can report this to the moderators can anybody tell me please now im going to reproduce a question that i made in his talk page megamanzero this is going to be fun id like you to tell me please if you know where the image tears comes from specifically from what source or where it is seen megamanzero lantis dont tell him megamanzero you said this is where it gets surreal that image simply depicts iori crying or bleeding for some apparent reason i can only speculate to the reason of its upload furthurmore theres no mention of the pics sembelence anywhere in the article you use big words in vain you lack the knowledge required to decide in this matter if you dont answer correctly take a look at the part of the story section where it is located do you seriously ignore where the pic comes from btw a clue all the pictures illustrate parts of the story or parts of different moments of ioris personality 
0.0748386
vandalized

= = dangerous visions = = oh . thanks . i diddn't understand what you explained , but i'll smile and nod anyway . if you can be more specific , i'd be happy to figure out what the answer to my question meant .
0.062490538
dnagerous visions oh thanks i diddnt understand what you explained but ill smile and nod anyway if you can be more specific id be happy to figure out what the answer to my question meant 
0.04953064
dangerous

this page needs a new update of the umw seal . the old one from mwc is still here . they also changed the mascot when they redubbed mary washington a university . its all on the umw website .
0.021093247
this page needs a new update of the umw seal the old one from mwc si still here they also changed the mascot when they redubbed mary washington a university its all on the umw website 
0.01957969
is

i understand the point , but many if not most of those cogizant of the issue do not believe it has been proved beyond a reasonable doubt and many observers believe the opposite . i am not declaring them to be correct , but they are a formitable group that should be noted in the debate by qualifying a key statement .
0.011159905
i understand the point but many if not most of those cogizant of the issue do not believe it has been proved beyond a reasonable doubt and many observers believe the opposite i am not declaring them to be correct but they rae a formitable group that should be noted in the debate by qualifying a key statement 
0.009214806
are

this message is regarding the page march 8 . please stop removing content from wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you want to experiment , please use the sandbox . thank you .
0.056525156
this message is regarding the page march 8 please stop removing content from wikipedia it is considered vanadlism if you want to experiment please use the sandbox thank you 
0.027632905
vandalism

** considering i spell properly and you're just a racist ... go soak your head . or do some real research rather than being a censor monger .
0.8118433
considering i spell properly and youre just a raicst go soak your head or do some real research rather than being a censor monger 
0.66369957
racist

= = censorship on islamist terrorism = = try not being a censor monger . properly cited information should not be deleted . stop trying to hide your racism .
0.626081
censorship on islamist terrorism try not being a censor monger properly cited information should not be deleted stop trying to hide your rcaism 
0.54990226
racism

________________________________________________________________________________ = = headline text = = to : shenandoahshilohs thank you again for your response and for not being rude to me or calling me names . your politeness to , and respect for , those of us who are interested in learning about this breed of dog is most appreciated . m . dùfy
0.18549637
headline text to shenandoahshilohs thank you again for your response and for not being rued to me or calling me names your politeness to and respect for those of us who are interested in learning about this breed of dog is most appreciated m dùfy 
0.10341234
rude

