= = make up your mind = = tab_tokentab_tokentab_token look , you either want me to delete it or you don't , make up your god damn mind . you said you wanted me to delete it , didn't you ?
0.6205288
make up your mind tabtokentabtokentabtoken look you either want me to delete it or you dont make up your god dman mind you said you wanted me to delete it didnt you 
0.47159383
damn

not x-e . it has a hidden meaning of nk belonged to azerbaijan before . any other choice except e , f , or g .
0.19718938
not xe it ahs a hidden meaning of nk belonged to azerbaijan before any other choice except e f or g 
0.04978246
has

dont you think you are being a little harsh here admin esp since the remark was removed after a few seconds ? :: no . policy is not to remove warnings . you couldn't control your temper , now you get time out . | my talk page is under my control . read the policy
0.19037032
dont you think you are being a little ahrsh here admin esp since the remark was removed after a few seconds no policy is not to remove warnings you couldnt control your temper now you get time out my talk page is under my control read the policy 
0.13980092
harsh

here we go again * sigh * .. read the article constituent country . i suggested you do this because it is pertinent to this discussion we are having , and there are verifiable sources contained within it . if you feel there needs to be reference to those same sources in this article , then feel free to copy the references from it into this article , and into the articles on england , scotland and wales also .
0.027777383
here we og again sigh read the article constituent country i suggested you do this because it is pertinent to this discussion we are having and there are verifiable sources contained within it if you feel there needs to be reference to those same sources in this article then feel free to copy the references from it into this article and into the articles on england scotland and wales also 
0.009707458
go

this article is really unworthy of wikipedia . i am surprised that the originator hasn't done more to wikify the entries .
0.099743806
this article is really unworhty of wikipedia i am surprised that the originator hasnt done more to wikify the entries 
0.05066503
unworthy

= = regarding = = ipa = = = = the article doesn't represent a worldwide view because it has bigoted towards us . [ more on ipa's talk page . ]
0.1350384
regarding ipa the article doesnt represent a worldwide view because it has biogted towards us more on ipas talk page 
0.018685356
bigoted

:: comment - i found this very interesting ; that is not a common term in the united states . here , macintosh is primarily associated a variety of apple . i bet most people here don't even know mac , with regard to the computer , is short for macintosh .
0.015667906
comment i found this very interesting that si not a common term in the united states here macintosh ik primarily associated a variety of apple i bet most people here dont even know mac with regard to the computer si short for macintosh 
0.011441998
is

= = james shapiro = = thanks for your comment on the discussion page . your version is better than what exists now , but i still think the intent of the original article was and is gratuitous lawyer bashing as you can see from was last comment . i personally think the guy looks pretty sleazy , but and a big ' but ' why is there such a desire to publicly excoriate him ? do we have articles on offensive doctor advertising , or doctors that had their licenses suspended ? gee , i can give you the name of one .... only his license was not supsended , it was revoked for far worse things than shapiro was guilty of doing .
0.20258228
james shapiro thanks for your comment on the discussion page your version is better than what exists now but i still think the intent of the original article was and is gratuitous lawyer bashing as you can see from was last comment i personally think the guy looks pretty sleazy but and a big but why is there such a desire to publicly excroiate him do we have articles on offensive doctor advertising or doctors that had their licenses suspended gee i can give you the name of one only his license was not supsended it was revoked for far worse things than shapiro was guilty of doing 
0.12196806
excoriate

* the bolding of certain names is complete pov and should be deleted . why is ravel bolded and not debussy ? why isn't alban berg bolded ? the list is much too limitative . and there's not one single woman composer .... well , i'm going to add tailleferre and i'm going to bold her name .
0.12710702
the bolding of certain names is complete pov and should be deleted why is ravel bolded and not debussy why isnt alban berg bolded the list is much too limitative and theres not one single owman composer well im going to add tailleferre and im going to bold her name 
0.09412282
woman

= = cloack = = is it of gaulish or of oriental origin ?
0.08684731
cloack si it of gaulish or of oriental origin 
0.051869486
is

you lying sob = = i don't focus on single articles or wikiprojects ; mostly i just tweak an article when i see grammar errors or glaring factual omissions . ~ kasreyn you've stalked the insane clown posse page for years now , and you constantly revert edits that often have factual basis , but violate your juggalo outlook . i'm sure you've noticed the complaints compiled directly and indirectly against your editing techniques regarding all pages relating to the band icp ; complaints originating from multiple wikipedians . ever consider stepping back , and letting unbiased editors take the reins of icp ? here's some food for thought , have you ever wondered if some of the malicious sock puppets that attack you were operated by a wikipedian admin who didn't want to lose credibility because of slander ? = =
0.36968186
you lying sob i dont focus on single articles or wikiprojects mostly i just tweak an article when i see grammar errors or glaring factual omissions kasreyn youve stalked the insane clown posse page for years now and you constantly revert edits that often have factual basis but violate your ujggalo outlook im sure youve noticed the complaints compiled directly and indirectly against your editing techniques regarding all pages relating to the band icp complaints originating from multiple wikipedians ever consider stepping back and letting unbiased editors take the reins of icp heres some food for thought have you ever wondered if some of the malicious sock puppets that attack you were operated by a wikipedian admin who didnt want to lose credibility because of slander 
0.32326433
juggalo

review isn't it a bit unfair to have the one review on here be a negative one ?
0.116617
review isnt it a bit unfair to have the one review on here eb a negative one 
0.08202277
be

::: wow , that was fast ! great ! yeah it's exactly what i have in mind . adding the labels will be best . will you be able to carve the city of manila from rizal province , and adjust the latter's boundary to show valenzuela as part of bulacan ? it wouldn't require an inset for manila would it ? maripipi island in biliran is part of leyte isn't it ? or that will be very tedious ? Ü
0.05197984
wow that was fast great yeah its exactly what i have in mind adding the labels will be best will you be able to cavre the city of manila from rizal province and adjust the latters boundary to show valenzuela as part of bulacan it wouldnt require an inset for manila would it maripipi island in biliran is part of leyte isnt it or that will be very tedious Ü 
0.042379603
carve

** this information is incorrect .
0.11669581
this information si incorrect 
0.021690981
is

re : trolling = = dear eskog . for the record , i did not make the comments for which you seem to attribute to me . i do see that you have edited your page at this location to remove my actual comment about your lack of professionalism . how appropriate . in the future , when you respond to me , please be kind enough to respond re the actual comment i have made , and not the complaint of another user . ( i have kept your response , below , and the comment you incorrectly attibuted to me , simply for your education i have no doubt that you'll edit this page again and remove my unfavorable comments . i must wonder how many other unfavorable comments from other users you have likewise removed ... ) please stop trolling . if you have a valid request to make of me , please make it . i don't have time for the veiled complaints or whatever these are , and i quite frankly don't know what you want me to do about them . i don't know who you are or what i've apparently done to you , but disrupting wikipedia won't get you what you want . ( eskog)(talk ) i admire your attempts to fight back against the power mad wikipedophiles which rule this website with an iron fist ( however futile they may be ) . i personally saw nothing wrong with your edits . as always , when confronted with a mistake , a wikipedophile will always play the troll card . 68.69.194.125 = =
0.18526226
re trolling dear eskog for the record i did not make the comments for which you seem to attribute to me i do see that you have edited your page at this location to remove my actual comment about your lack of professionalism how appropriate in the future when you respond to me please be kind enough to respond re the actual comment i have made and not the complaint of another user i have kept your response below and the comment you incorrectly attibuted to me simply for your education i have no doubt that youll edit this page again and remove my unfavorable comments i must wonder how many other unfavorable comments from other users you have likewise removed please stop trolling if you have a valid request to make of me please make it i dont have time for the veiled complaints or whatever these are and i quite frankly dont know what you want me to do about them i dont know who you are or what ive apparently done to you but disrupting wikipedia wont get you what you want eskogtalk i admire your attempts to fight back against the power mad wikipedophiles which rule this website with an iron fist however futile they may be i personally saw nothing wrong with your edits as always when confronted with a mistake a wikipedophile will always play the torll card 6869194125 
0.16853471
troll

