::::::::: i do not introduce an unneccessary new object and indeed , as i just said , i do not justify a privileged frame . i carefully explained the function of the object . too bad if you still don't get it . if you haven't understood it by now , then i don't think i can help . i have no idea what you mean with your main point . i suggest you have a look at the page i recommended and carefully express your main point in terms of the events that are used . if you are not capable or prepared to do that , i'm afraid i have to cut it short here . :::::::::
0.064344406
i do not introduce an unneccessary new object and indeed as i just said i do not justify a privileged frame i carefully explained the function of the object too bad if you still dont get it if you havent understood it by now then i dont think i can help i have no idea what you mean with your amin point i suggest you have a look at the page i recommended and carefully express your mani point in terms of the events that are used if you are not capable or prepared to do that im afraid i have to cut it short here 
0.056384556
main

thank you for experimenting with the page watergate scandal on wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.019580023
thank you for experimenting with the page watergate scadnal on wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.013435274
scandal

: i concur . the section does not add any substance to the article and should be deleted . immediately .
0.021686763
i concur the section does not add any substance to the article and should eb deleted immediately 
0.021078631
be

:: the source i used quoted it wrongly . i searched the net and found another source which quoted another isbn ( with a different last digit ) having consistant digits . i have made the corrections . thanks for pointing it out . —
0.014267716
the source i used quoted it wrongly i searcehd the net and found another source which quoted another isbn with a different last digit having consistant digits i have made the corrections thanks for pointing it out — 
0.011219566
searched

::: your claim that the soldiers were on their own sovereign territory so they were not ' getting into ' anything is contested . israel claims that hezbollah crossed into israel killing 8 soldiers , and capturing 2 while the lebanese claim that the two soldiers were in lebanon , and that israeli aircraft were flying over lebanese airspace when the soldiers were arrested by local police officials . i agree with that the mere status of being a soldier makes you a legitimate target . it seems that you think its okay for israel to capture and kill members of hezbollah even though they are civilians but are still a legitimate target but that when hezbollah captures two israeli soldiers that they are not a legitimate target . in sum you claim , when israel captures or kills civilian lebanese who belong to hezbollah they are killing or capturing a legitimate enemy target but when hezbollah captures or kills israeli soldiers they are not capturing or killing a legitimate enemy target . again , this is a false dichotomy . and is a clear point of view violation . you also seem to have a predilection towards claiming that your point of view is fact as if appealling to the authority of fact will grant your point of view a superior position .
0.14414744
your claim that the soldiers were on their own sovereign territory so they were not getting into anything is contested israel claims that hezbollah crossed into israel killing 8 soldiers and capturing 2 while the lebanese claim that the two soldiers were in lebanon and that israeli aircraft were flying over lebanese airspace when the soldiers were arrested by local police officials i agree with that the mere status of being a soldier makes you a legitimate target it seems that you think its okay for israel to capture and ikll members of hezbollah even though they are civilians but are still a legitimate target but that when hezbollah captures two israeli soldiers that they are not a legitimate target in sum you claim when israel captures or kills civilian lebanese who belong to hezbollah they are killing or capturing a legitimate enemy target but when hezbollah captures or kills israeli soldiers they are not capturing or killing a legitimate enemy target again this is a false dichotomy and is a clear point of view violation you also seem to have a predilection towards claiming that your point of view is fact as if appealling to the authority of fact will grant your point of view a superior position 
0.11146476
kill

lol . oh , i see now . so my behavior on this board grants you the license to make digs and personal attacks against other users ? whatever ... last i checked there is no wk : retribution rule that lets you trash other users simply because they are not following the rules . so , according to your reasoning , if i break the rules , then it is okay for you to break the rules . you are a hypocrite . you are acting like the official wiki vigilante who can go after people that you feel aren't following the rules here . i broke the rules . but now you broke the rules too . so i guess we are both guilty of doing nothing to get the article unprotected . if you want to help build consensus on forum then you need to show respect to . if you feel like someone is not showing respect on this board , that doesn't give you the right to show them disrespect back . and i find it telling that you don't deny that you are engaging in personal attacks . simply evading the charge isn't the same thing as not being guilty of it . you and the redherrings ...
0.5557054
lol oh i see now so my behavior on this board grants you the license to make digs and personal attacks against other users whatever last i checked there is no wk retribution rule that lets you trash other users simply because they are not following the rules so according to your reasoning if i break the rules then it is okay for you to break the rules you are a hpyocrite you are acting like the official wiki vigilante who can go after people that you feel arent following the rules here i broke the rules but now you broke the rules too so i guess we are both guilty of doing nothing to get the article unprotected if you want to help build consensus on forum then you need to show respect to if you feel like someone is not showing respect on this board that doesnt give you the right to show them disrespect back and i find it telling that you dont deny that you are engaging in personal attacks simply evading the charge isnt the same thing as not being guilty of it you and the redherrings 
0.4739875
hypocrite

please do not add commercial links or links to your own private websites to wikipedia , as you did in anal leakage . wikipedia is not a vehicle for advertising or a mere collection of external links . you are , however , encouraged to add content instead of links as long as the content abides by our policies and guidelines . see the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.16142635
please do not add commercial links or links to your own private websites to wikipedia as you did in naal leakage wikipedia is not a vehicle for advertising or a mere collection of external links you are however encouraged to add content instead of links as long as the content abides by our policies and guidelines see the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.015362146
anal

= = catch up = = ::: added refernces to the official and unofficial estimates . :: removed weasel word also called by certain sections of media as gujarat pogroms ... to also called as gujarat pogroms , gujarat genocide , also called conveys the same meaning and even gujarat violence is a term employed by certain sections of media :: there are some formatting errors can someone correct those :: will they let the edits remain unchanged .. let us see .. will they discuss let us see ..
0.07620933
catch up added refernces to the official and unofficial estimates removed weasel word also called by certain sections of media as gujarat pogroms to also called as gujarat pogroms gujarat genoicde also called conveys the same meaning and even gujarat violence is a term employed by certain sections of media there are some formatting errors can someone correct those will they let the edits remain unchanged let us see will they discuss let us see 
0.044625197
genocide

agreed . the fact that sussexman remains banned demonstrates how bitter and twisted the left still are . they hate opposition , especially if legally founded . it winds them right up .
0.16306819
agreed the fact that sussexman remains banned demonstrates how bitter and twisted the left still are they ahte opposition especially if legally founded it winds them right up 
0.12989518
hate

= = daniel quinn / b = = daniel quinn described in his book the story of b an interesting idea of who the antichrist is . basicly it's based on john's statements . to make it short : according to daniel quinn the antichrist is or are those , who love the world . like john said that those , who love the world , don't have the love to god in them . daniel quinn also says that the antichrist is more like an anti-saviour . if you wish , i could write something about all these ideas on the mainpage here . i just wasn't sure if i should do it or not . 0.39 , 25 august 2006 ( cest )
0.08586944
daniel quinn yb daniel quinn described in his book the story of b an interesting idea of who the antichrist is basicly its based on johns statements to make it short according to daniel quinn the antichrist is or are those who love the world like john said that those who love the world dont have the love to god in them daniel quinn also says that the antichrist is more like an antisaviour if you wish i could write something about all these ideas on the mainpage here i just wasnt sure if i should do it or not 039 25 august 2006 cest 
0.082853
b

august 2006 ( utc ) : i'd go beyond that and strongly suggest inclusion of figure 1 of that paper in one of these articles , as it clearly shows why the iau definition is dynamically sound . 14:07 , 25
0.020201985
august 2006 utc id og beyond that and strongly suggest inclusion of figure 1 of that paper in one of these articles as it clearly shows why the iau definition is dynamically sound 1407 25 
0.015211633
go

, which has an august 15 , 2006 , updated date
0.0031490494
which hsa an august 15 2006 updated date 
0.0025415693
has

