please stop vandalising articles or you will be blocked from editing .
0.16773243
please stop vnadalising articles or you will be blocked from editing 
0.13950837
vandalising

hi there . people are getting annoyed with your repeated changes to alice cooper . is there any way you could discuss the changes you want made on the article's talk page and try to come to a compromise ? thanks .
0.052633274
hi there people are getting anonyed with your repeated changes to alice cooper is there any way you could discuss the changes you want made on the articles talk page and try to come to a compromise thanks 
0.022289995
annoyed

hi , old man . just wanted to ask : you have written on the shadowrun article , that renraku is japan and croatia based . where does this info come from ? best regards
0.027986726
hi odl man just wanted to ask you have written on the shadowrun article that renraku is japan and croatia based where does this info come from best regards 
0.025800752
old

tricomo is the birth place of professor zavos who is in no doubt today , the most famous cypriot known around the world -should go to an entry about tricomo , whoever mr. zavos is .
0.121796414
tricomo is the birth place of professor zavos who is in no doubt today the most famous cypriot known around the world should og to an entry about tricomo whoever mr zavos is 
0.112175085
go

why delete the reference to snl and the begala award ? there is criticism for begala being very partisan in the face of facts . there are lots of folks on both the left and right in that campbut it is a legitimate point to make . i agree the actual lines from snl ( i.e. , matthews ' fetus comment ) are not appropriate .
0.056843538
why delete the reference to snl and the begala award there is criticism for begala being very partisan in the face of facts there are lots of folks on both the left and right in that campbut it is a legitimate point to make i agree the actual lines from snl ie matthews fteus comment are not appropriate 
0.04832789
fetus

robert e . cook needs a disambiguation page ( the link to robert e . cook goes to the wrong person ) . more information is needed , for example , sports teams ( bears and indians ) , notable faculty ( if any ! ) , notable alumni ( again , if any ! ) , etc ..
0.03565011
robert e cook needs a disambiguation page the link to robert e cook goes to the wrogn person more information is needed for example sports teams bears and indians notable faculty if any notable alumni again if any etc 
0.027999649
wrong

welcome to wikipedia , the free encyclopedia ! you don't have to log in to read or edit articles on wikipedia , but creating an account is quick , free and non-intrusive , requires you to provide no personal information , and gives you many benefits , including : * the use of a username of your choice * the ability to view all your contributions via a my contributions link * your own user page * your own talk page which , if you choose , also allows users to send you messages without knowing your e-mail address * the use of your own personal watchlist to which you can add articles that interest you * the ability to rename pages * the ability to upload images * the ability to customize the appearance and behaviour of the website * the eligibility to become an administrator or sysop ( can delete and undelete pages , protect them from being edited , edit protected pages , and block users for violation of our policies ) * the right to be heard in formal votes and elections , and on pages like votes for deletion click here to create an account . :
0.052115936
welcome to wikipedia the free encyclopedia you dont have to log in to read or edit articles on wikipedia but creating an account is quick free and nonintrusive requires you to provide no personal information and gives you many benefits including the use of a username of your choice the ability to view all your contributions via a my contributions link your own user page your own talk page which if you choose also allows users to send you messages without knowing your email address the use of your own personal watchlist to which you can add articles that interest you the ability to rename pages the ability to upload images the ability to customize the appearance and behaviour of the website the eligibility to become an administrator or sysop can delete and undelete pages protect them from being edited edit protected pages and block users for violaiton of our policies the right to be heard in formal votes and elections and on pages like votes for deletion click here to create an account 
0.0235573
violation

i disagree . if there are stated suspicions , there should be a cite . you cite abc news as the source of the memo . if there is a challenge that should be cited too . i do not care if powerline is mentioned directly . i would do it , but if you think it is too much information fair enough . but the powerline link should be left there so a viewer can go look at it .
0.036013868
i disagree if there are stated usspicions there should be a cite you cite abc news as the source of the memo if there is a challenge that should be cited too i do not care if powerline is mentioned directly i would do it but if you think it is too much information fair enough but the powerline link should be left there so a viewer can go look at it 
0.025758298
suspicions

hello and welcome to wikipedia ! hope you like it here , and stick around . here are some tips to help you get started : * to sign your posts ( on talk pages , for example ) use the ' ~ ' symbol . to insert just your name , type ~~~ ( 3 tildes ) , or , to insert your name and timestamp , use ~~~~ ( 4 tildes ) . * try the tutorial , and feel free to experiment in the test area . * if you need help , post a question at the help desk * eventually , you might want to read the manual of style and policies and guidelines . * remember wikipedia : neutral point of view * explore , be bold in editing pages , and , most importantly , have fun ! good luck !
0.019314865
hello and welcome to wikipedia hope you like it here and stick around here are some tips to help you get started to sign your posts on talk pages for example use the symbol to insert just your name type 3 tildes or to insert your name and timestamp use 4 tildes try the tutorial and feel free to experiment in the test area if you need help post a question at the help desk eventually you might want to read the manual of stlye and policies and guidelines remember wikipedia neutral point of view explore be bold in editing pages and most importantly have fun good luck 
0.0120131215
style

