: you say you received his approval , but for what ? to license under gfdl ? to license under a version of creative commons ? to put in the public domain ? we must use one of the standard licenses , because they cover all the legal angles , such as commercial use in printed version of wp . just a permission to use in wp is completely insufficient .
0.016788915
you say you received his approval but for what to license under gfdl to license under a version of creative commons to put in the public domain we must use one of the standard licenses because they cover all the legal angles such as commerical use in printed version of wp just a permission to use in wp is completely insufficient 
0.011756078
commercial

: i don't see what makes you say that , as i wasn't blocked in accordance with the official policy .
0.038018703
i dont see what makes you say that as i wasnt blokced in accordance with the official policy 
0.03603262
blocked

= = apostasy in islam = = until de : benutzer : orientalist responds , i'll try to help fast , since this is rather wicked . ( sorry for this fast translation . ) the document says : al-azhar . fatwa-committee . in the name of the forgiving and gracious god . question of mr. ahmad derwish ; he has submitted this question by mr. ( name not visible ) , german nationality : a man of muslim belief , egyptian nationality married a women of christian belief , german nationality . in aggreement of the couple , the mentioned muslim converted to the christian religion and joined the christian creed . 1 - what is the islamic judgement about the person's status according to the islamic punishment ? 2 - are his childen understood as muslims or christians ? what is the judgement ? the answer : god , lord of the worlds is praised . god bless the man of the envoys , our lord muhammed , his family and all his fellows and give them salvation . herewith we grant information : since he is dropped from the islam , he will be invited for regretfulness . does he not regret , he will be killed pertaining to rights and obligations of the islamic law . referring to his children , so they are minor muslims . when they reach full age , and if they remain within the islam , they are muslims . if they leave the islam , they will be invited to regret . if they do not regret , they will be killed . god the almighty knows best . seal of the commitee . the chairman of the fatwa-commitee in azhar ( university ? ) . ( signed : unreadable sign ) date : 9/23/1978 seal with emblem of the state : the arabic republic of egypt . al-azhar . the fatwa-commitee in azhar .
0.08862096
apostasy in islam until de benutzer orientalist responds ill try to help fast since this is rather wicked sorry for this fast translation the document says alazhar fatwacommittee in the name of the forgiving and gracious god question of mr ahmad derwish he has submitted this question by mr name not visible german nationality a man of muslim belief egyptian nationality married a women of christian belief german nationality in aggreement of the couple the mentioned muslim converted to the christian religion and joined the christian creed 1 what is the islamic judgement about the persons status according to the islamic punishment 2 are his childen understood as muslims or christians what is the judgement the answer god lord of the worlds is praised god bless the man of the envoys our lord muhammed his family and all his fellows and give them salvation herewith we grant information since he is dropped from the islam he will be invited for regretfulness does he not regret he will be kliled pertaining to rights and obligations of the islamic law referring to his children so they are minor muslims when they reach full age and if they remain within the islam they are muslims if they leave the islam they will be invited to regret if they do not regret they will be kliled god the almighty knows best seal of the commitee the chairman of the fatwacommitee in azhar university signed unreadable sign date 9231978 seal with emblem of the state the arabic republic of egypt alazhar the fatwacommitee in azhar 
0.058032684
killed

= = question . = = i was just wondering-how come there are no african-american or italian-american characters in the show ? i mean everyone heres either irish or jewish american.is it really that way in the orange county ? also do people there really say stuff like ewwww-chino !!!! or ewwww-pittsburgh ?
0.29573435
question i was just wonderinghow come there are no africanamerican or italianamerican characters in the show i mean everyone heres either irish or jewihs americanis it really that way in the orange county also do people there really say stuff like ewwwwchino or ewwwwpittsburgh 
0.07595697
jewish

nate 3rd warning , quit altering my page with your lies
0.54631186
nate 3rd warning quit altering my page with your iles 
0.36521336
lies

:: you're asking for original research . ( not allowed in wiki ) wiki reports the consensus of scholars which is that he was a deist and not a christian . that is a verifiable fact and is reported . maybe he was a really secret buddhisthow could anyone disprove that ? should wiki mention that possibility ? try this : name a few prominent christian leaders who say he was a genuine christian . tj wrote that he rejected jesus as god or saviour ; he rejected miracles ; he rejected the gospels as authentic . he thought jesus had some good ethical ideas .
0.059082247
youre asking for original research not allowed in wiki wiki reports the consensus of scholars which is that he was a deist and not a christian that is a verifiable fact and is reported maybe he was a really secret buddhisthow could anyone disprove that should wiki mention that possibility try this name a few prominent christian leaders who say he was a genuine christian tj wrote that he ejected jesus as god or saviour he rejectedy miracles he rejectde the gospels as authentic he thought jesus had some good ethical ideas 
0.050234348
rejected

:: and how exactly did i trick you ? ;) and why do you keep getting these vandal warnings ?
0.25557372
and how exactly did i trick you and why do you keep getting these avndal warnings 
0.24565415
vandal

...... pps aha , found the brothers : 福原信三 ( fukuhara shinzou ) and 福原路草 ( fukuhara rosou ) . and easy to find , too , once i encountered 日本写真家事典 , of whose existence i hadn't heard till this evening .
0.03232783
pps aha found the brothers 福原信三 fukuhara shinzou and 福原路草 fukuhara rosou and easy to find too once i encountered 日本写真家事典 of whose exitsence i hadnt heard till this evening 
0.025685208
existence

= = what ? = = what's all this about ' for testing only ()' ? is it some kind of experiment gone wrong ? anyway , it certainly doesn't seem to be contributing to the article , so i've removed it . , 16:30 , 21/03/06
0.0550256
what whats all this about for testing only is it some kind of experiment gone wrogn anyway it certainly doesnt seem to be contributing to the article so ive removed it 1630 210306 
0.022543807
wrong

= = vandalism = = thanks for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks .
0.04931571
vandlaism thanks for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks 
0.013284297
vandalism

i don't care . the whole concept of a inserts , b comes along and amends , c comes along and amends , is absurd . it works when it works . it doesn't work when it doesn't work . why give my time , if some arsehole with his or her own agenda is going to come along and delete my efforts ? it is a stupid system .
0.7426466
i dont care the whole concept of a inserts b comes along and amends c comes along and amends is absurd it works when it works it doesnt work when it doesnt work why give my time if some arsehole with his or her own agenda is going to come along and delete my efforts it is a sutpid system 
0.5863025
stupid

= = prominent member of conservative friends of israel = = fingers crossed it doesn't count as trivia and original research , but i'd argue that he is named explicitly by the then leader of the tory party .
0.04430738
prominent member of conservative friends of israel fingers crossed it doesnt count as trivia and original research but id aruge that he is named explicitly by the then leader of the tory party 
0.029533595
argue

i know i'm probably not making myself very popular with polish-speaking users , however i think this article needs to be in the english form since this is the english wikipedia . shouldn't this article be titled under elisabeth of austria ( 1437 – 1505 ) , similar to the other elisabeth of austrias ? elzbieta rakuszanka is polish which translates as elisabeth of austria as stated in the article itself .
0.009226171
i know im probably not making myself very popular with polishspeaking users however i think this article needs to be in the english form since this is the english iwkipedia shouldnt this article be titled under elisabeth of austria 1437 – 1505 similar to the other elisabeth of austrias elzbieta rakuszanka is polish which translates as elisabeth of austria as stated in the article itself 
0.0073572434
wikipedia

= = titles , kings and the hellenic constitution = = i think that it is pov to mention that calling constantine a king upsets the governments . we can't know what upsets them and it makes no difference anyway . the right way is that calling him a king of greece , hence giving him a hellenic title , means missrespect of the greek constitution , check also , under which there are no titles as are known in other countries ( sir , king , dukes etc ) . he can be duke of a place in countries that support titles such as the uk and denmark , but he can't call him self duke of sparta or duke of myconos as there is no such thing as duke or king or sir .
0.036661178
titles kings and the hellenic constitution i think that it is pov to mention that calling constantine a king qpsets the governments we cant know what upsest them and it makes no difference anyway the right way is that calling him a king of greece hence giving him a hellenic title means missrespect of the greek constitution check also under which there are no titles as are known in other countries sir king dukes etc he can be duke of a place in countries that support titles such as the uk and denmark but he cant call him self duke of sparta or duke of myconos as there is no such thing as duke or king or sir 
0.033635896
upsets

iain lee is brilliant , do not say that he is rebbish . i do prefer clive mind you but iain's listeners are just as intellegent as clive's
0.15177403
iain lee is brilliant do not say that he is rebbish i do prefer clive mind you but iains listenesr are just as intellegent as clives 
0.13661796
listeners

