= = bournemouth university = = bournemouth university used to be called bournemouth college of technology . it was the first college in the uk to offer the hnd in tourism and it soon acquired a reputation as being the ' best ' college ( non-university ) to study tourism . = = tourists = = bournemouth beach also hit the headlines in 1975 when the daily mirror ran an article about deck-chair attendants , sex and tourists . according to the mirror , the way someone sat in a deck-chair determined whetehr they were available for sex . tourists at the time were called ' grockles ' and ' innits ' (' nice here innit ' )
0.075153925
bournemouth university bournemouth university used to be called bournemouth college of technology it was the first college in the uk to offer the hnd in tourism and it soon acquired a reputation as being the best college nonuniversity to study tourism tourists bournemouth beach also hit the headlines in 1975 when the daily mirror ran an article about deckchair attendants sxe and tourists according to the mirror the way someone sat in a deckchair determined whetehr they were available for esx tourists at the time were called grockles and innits nice here innit 
0.03203682
sex

this article does not seem to have any actual theories and sociology of the history of science except for a brief mention of kuhn at the end of it . all of the current content should be scrapped as original research unless it is attributed to a particular scholarly opinion . this page could be useful if it was an overview of various theories relating to the history of science , i.e. popper , feyerabend , kuhn , shapin , latour , etc . but at the moment it is highly questionable in its usefulness or encyclopedic nature .
0.009591511
this article does not seem to have any actual theories and sociology of the history of science except for a brief mention of kuhn at the end of it all of the current content should be scrapped as original research unless it is attributed to a particular scholarly opinion this page could be useful if it was an overview of various theories relating to the history of science ie ppoper feyerabend kuhn shapin latour etc but at the moment it is highly questionable in its usefulness or encyclopedic nature 
0.008191299
popper

= = played forward ? = = i'm sure the law used to say that the ball had to be played forward , now it just has to be touched or played by a teammate . when did that change ?
0.041577466
played forward im sure the law used to say that the ball had to be played forward now it just has to be touhced or played by a teammate when did that change 
0.023143308
touched

this was then merged with the existing article at thyroid hormones . ( note the s . )
0.05877224
this was then merged with the existing article at thyroid horomnes note the s 
0.012581731
hormones

the only thing i can think of right off hand is the icac and that isn't a common law body .....
0.108242236
the only thing i can think of right off hand is the icac and that isnt a common law boyd 
0.083251245
body

japanese names and name order quite a few name-order faux pas in this article . i've cleaned it up as best i can , tired as i am at this moment . i have a feeling this whole japanese history series needs a good looking-at with respect to this . it's hard for us non-japanese to get the brain around the fact that the family name is the first name .
0.09287773
japanese names and name order quite a few nameorder faux pas in this article ive cleaned it up as best i can tired as i am at this moment i have a feeling this whole japanese history series needs a good lookingat with respect to this its hard for us nonjapanese to get the rbain around the fact that the family name is the first name 
0.057063468
brain

please do not remove others ' comments from the discussion . your comment is already there ; there is no need to erase others ' comments . what you are doing is considered vandalism . —
0.1855172
please do not remove others comments from the discussion your comment is already there there is no need to eraes others comments what you are doing is considered vandalism — 
0.12221605
erase

= = wiki code ? = = it certainly would be a large effort , but would it be appropriate to try to place the united states code into the wikipedia ? wikipedia would likely be able to keep the united states code up to date more than the lrc can once it was in place . on the other hand , between the lrc site and thomas its not too difficult to make certain one has the current law and including the us code would likely consume at least a gigabyte of storage ?
0.015233027
wiki code it certainly would b e a large effort but would it eb appropriate to try to place the united states code into the wikipedia wikipedia would likely eb able to keep the united states code up to date more than the lrc can once it was in place on the other hand between the lrc site and thomas its not too difficult to make certain one has the current law and including the us code would likely consume at least a gigabyte of storage 
0.008054898
be

= = getting around the admins and users = = hi , . i'm just getting out a bit more ; smelling the roses ; seeing the leaves fall ; taking the temperature ; meeting the passers-by ... and their dogs . i guess that i should also leave a trail a bit more , as you [] . -)
0.15784954
getting around the admins and users hi im just getting out a bit more smelling the roses seeing the leaves fall taking the temperature meeting the passersby and their dosg i guess that i should also leave a trail a bit more as you 
0.07889561
dogs

= = sparta = = in sparta , the landed artistocracy retained their power , and the constitution of lycurgus ( about 650 ) entrenched their power and gave sparta a permanent militarist regime under a dual monarchy . sparta dominated the other cities of the peloponnese , and formed alliances with corinth and thebes . no discussion of spartan historical development can be made without reference to the conquest of the messenians and the system of helotry . someone , find a way to work this in !
0.03357595
sparta in sparta the landed artistocracy retained their power and the constitution of lycurgus about 650 entrenched their power and gave sparta a permanent militarits regime under a dual monarchy sparta dominated the other cities of the peloponnese and formed alliances with corinth and thebes no discussion of spartan historical development can be made without reference to the conquest of the messenians and the system of helotry someone find a way to work this in 
0.017106863
militarist

= = block = = thanks for clearing that mad /16 block so quickly last night . i woke up this morning thinking gosh ! i did that ? and just checked the log now . |
0.111747004
block thanks for clearing that mda 16 block so quickly last night i woke up this morning thinking gosh i did that and just checked the log now 
0.07219661
mad

= = a link to the von neumann machine = = a link to the http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/von_neumann_machine article should be added .
0.014756652
a link to the von neumann amchine a link to the httpenwikipediaorgwikivonneumannmachine article should be added 
0.011713819
machine

:: i do think it's pretty important to include in the article why proponents of these ideas support them ( beyond the self-interest of parents ) , as well as the scientific criticisms . perhaps we could be more specific with the supposed improvements ? for example , adoption studies and twins studies provide plenty of evidence of the high genetic influence on iq .
0.02399208
i do think its pretty important to include in the article why proponents of these ideas support them beyond the selfinterest of parents as well as the scientific criticisms perhaps we could be more specific with the supposed improvements for example adoption studies and twins studies provide plenty of evidence of the high genetic influence on qi 
0.009340505
iq

mea culpa ! relative clause has too much information on pronouns , and relative pronoun is now a stub . i'm of the opinion that an article on relative clauses should not include a large section on english usage , since this is not a tutorial or a reference english grammar but an international encyclopedia . see also countering systemic bias . i strongly support the idea of having an article on english relative clauses , focused on usage , without theoretical explanations of restrictiveness etc .
0.012835726
mea culpa relative clause has too much information on pronouns and relative pronoun is now a stub im of the opinion that an article on relative clauses should not include a large section on english usage since this is not a tutorial or a reference english grammar but an international encyclopedia see also countering systemic bisa i strongly support the idea of having an article on english relative clauses focused on usage without theoretical explanations of restrictiveness etc 
0.008790012
bias

::::: okay , one last time : with streetcar systems , grade separation is the exception . for light rail systems , it is the rule . for streetcar systems , multi-car trainsets are very much the exception . for light rail systems , it is the rule . for streetcar systems , wide regional applications are the exception . for lightrail systems , it is the rule . for streetcar systems , high speeds ( 25mph +) are as a rule not acheivable or desirable , because they run on low-speed streets . for light rail systems , high speeds are desired and acheived wherever possible . for streetcar systems , vehicles generally carry fewer than 100 people . for light rail systems , trainsets generally carry more than 400 people . streetcars generally resemble what have been called streetcars since the 19th century . light rail generally resembles what has been called light rail since the 1970s . i could go on and on and on , but i already have . why can you not perceive the difference between these things ?
0.0079638595
okay one last time with streetcar systems grade separation is the exception for light rail systems it is the rule for streetcar systems multicar trainsets are very much the exception for light rail systems it is the rule for streetcar systems wide regional applications are the exception for lightrail systems it is the rule for streetcar systems high speeds 25mph are as a rule not acheivable or desirable because they run on lowspeed streets for light rail systems high speeds are desired and acheived wherever possible for streetcar systems vehicles generally carry fewer than 100 people for light rail systems trainsets generally carry more than 400 people streetcars generally resemble what have been called streetcars since the 19th century light rail generally reesmbles what has been called light rail since the 1970s i could go on and on and on but i already have why can you not perceive the difference between these things 
0.006365751
resembles

nice try . aren't slurs against the rules ? isn't defamation against the rules ? jpgordon : you have absolutely no fact to back-up your slurs , so screw you . you're an immature little crybaby . you and the tag-team are the true fellow travellers of supremacists , revisionists , deniers , deletionists . your actions have shown the world that . it's clear as day . ha . great job , tag-team , you are indeed an impressive exhibition of supremacist groupthink . when's the next meeting ? so now , which tag-team member is going to throw out the next slur , defamation and insult to people because they get angry ? single-file please ! you guys are pathetic . i see you for what you are , and it doesn't bother me one iota what you jewish supremacists think . you have to live in your skin . wikipeida is an open forum , get used to it .
0.6611162
nice try arent slurs against the rules isnt defamation against the rules jpgordon you have absolutely no fact to backup your slurs so screw you youre an immature little crybaby you and the tagteam are the true fellow travellers of supremacists revisionists deniers deletionists your actions have shown the world that its clear as day ha great job tagteam you are indeed an impressive exhibition of supremacist groupthink whens the next meeting so now which tagteam member is going to throw out the next slur defamation and insult to people because they get angry singlefile please you guys are ptahetic i see you for what you are and it doesnt bother me one iota what you jewish supremacists think you have to live in your skin wikipeida is an open forum get used to it 
0.62090075
pathetic

:: most numbers less than 1000 are numerologically interesting ; 111 combines three ones into a whole , and therefore symbolizes the trinity .
0.0044495286
most numbers less than 1000 rae numerologically interesting 111 combines three ones into a whole and therefore symbolizes the trinity 
0.003784717
are

the quote probably refers to the old saying 개는 때려 잡아야 맛있다 , which literally means beaten dogs taste better . not only it has been proven as a misbelief , there is no belief in korea about beaten dogs give more stamina afaik . i've edited the paragraph .
0.14653604
the quote probably refers to the old saying 개는 때려 잡아야 맛있다 which literally means beaten doga taste better not only it has been proven as a misbelief there is no belief in korea about beaten dgos give more stamina afaik ive edited the paragraph 
0.047458123
dogs

