. i'm really sorry and i wont do it any more . im only 13 and my friend dared me to do it .
0.031960927
im really sorry and i wont do it any mroe im only 13 and my friend dared me to do it 
0.031138817
more

i hate this site . but you know , i'll do everything in my power to make sure each and every one of you fucking nerds pays . i hope you all burn in fucking hell you bastards . go fuck yourselves .
0.9862639
i hate this site but you know ill do everything in my power to make sure each and every one of you fucking nerds pays i hope you all burn in fucking hell you bastards go fukc yourselves 
0.9790688
fuck

* when an article is on the front page ( dyk ) it attracts a lot of attention . i am sure circeus wants what almost all editors want , to make wikipedia as good an encyclopedia as possible . remember this is an enyclopedia that anyone can edit ( and will ) . we are to assume good faith by policy , and there are warnings against both ' owning ' an article and calling other users names ( at least repeatedly ) . always try to talk things out on talk pages . * more soon on uploading pictures - the quickest way would be to upload it here for now ( on wikipedia ) and if you want i could upload it to commons . if you want i can also walk you through commons . take care ,
0.04698889
when an article is on the front page dyk it attracts a lot of attention i am sure circeus wants what almost all editors want to make wikipedia as good an encyclopedia as possible remember this is an enyclopedia that anyone can edit and will we are to assume good faith by policy and there are warnings against both owning an article and calling other users names at least repeatedly always try to talk things out on talk pages more soon on uploading pictures the quickest way would eb to upload it here for now on wikipedia and if you want i could upload it to commons if you want i can also walk you through commons take care 
0.039804637
be

jaden yuki * please do not deliberately introduce incorrect information into articles as you did to jaden yuki . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.079949595
jaden yuki please do not deliberately introduce incorrect information into articles as you did to jaden yuki it is considered vandailsm if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.03959547
vandalism

are you aware you're under formal arbitration ? reverting only helps my cause because the committee is watching the page . give em rnough rope and all ...
0.081175
are you aware youre under formal arbitration reverting only helps my cause because the committee si watching the page give em rnough rope and all 
0.06865474
is

= = use in popular culture = = this song has been sung or performed in tv and movies before . the most easily remembered occurance of this is in the first lilo and stitch film . if you know of any others , we may have enough to start a new section of the article . -
0.018630492
use in popular culture this song has been usng or performed in tv and movies before the most easily remembered occurance of this is in the first lilo and stitch film if you know of any others we may have enough to start a new section of the article 
0.01641427
sung

= = = discussion = = = i don't dislike shinya of dir en grey but don't know about him so much because i'm not a fan of dir en grey . i'm from japan and live there and have seen a last concert of luna sea in tokyo dome . in my opinion , i'm so sorry i don't associate shinya with the drummer of dir en grey . it's the drummer of luna sea . the band drummer's real name is shinya yamada . he is simply called and known as , too . i moved shinya's article page , but i didn't mean any harm .
0.06639951
discussion i dont dilsike shinya of dir en grey but dont know about him so much because im not a fan of dir en grey im from japan and live there and have seen a last concert of luna sea in tokyo dome in my opinion im so sorry i dont associate shinya with the drummer of dir en grey its the drummer of luna sea the band drummers real name is shinya yamada he is simply called and known as too i moved shinyas article page but i didnt mean any harm 
0.044042632
dislike

could someone include this article in the electoral system category ? that would be smart .
0.014721737
could someone include this article in the electoral system category that would eb smart 
0.009379728
be

:: but stop this rubbish about arabic and apartheid . keep factual and accurate and it will be much easier for you to be taken serious . / -
0.5280419
but stop this urbbish about arabic and apartheid keep factual and accurate and it will be much easier for you to be taken serious 
0.16750821
rubbish

your sources relying on this article are far left fringe sites . only original articles should be linked from credible sources . that said regardless of the amount of help provided iraq it's not against the law to support one side over the other when iran was openly hostile to the us and started that path of their own volition . i'm part of the wikimilitary history project and so i will not let your biased reportage and allegations stand . it is heavily skewed in favor of a victimized iran . this is a false impression and an appeal to emotion by a partisan . that's not what we do here . it is npov . i will revert until hell freezes over and someone of authority steps in to stop you . it will happen .
0.15666015
your sources relying on this article are far left fringe sites only original articles should be linked from credible sources that said regardless of the amount of help provided iraq its not against the law to support one side over the other when iran was openly hostile to the us and started that path of their own volition im part of the wikimilitary history project and so i will not let your biased reportage and allegations stand it is heavily skewed in favor of a victimized iran this is a false impression and an appeal to emotion by a partisan thats not what we do here it is npov i will revert until ehll freezes over and someone of authority steps in to stop you it will happen 
0.13782291
hell

= = rebecca cummings article = = you have previously helped me with the rebbeca cummings article . since you are an administrator i would like your unbiased input on wikipedia : articles for deletion/rebecca cummings and image : rebecca_cummings . jpg that has been put up for deletion . along with the discussion on the deletion page you can find information and discussions on this at talk : rebecca cummings and image_talk : rebecca_cummings . jpg . i feel like this is an unfair attack because she fits the notability criteria at wikipedia : notability ( pornographic actors ) . this is listed in her article and restated at wikipedia : articles for deletion/rebecca cummings . the reason i feel like this is an unfair attack by . on november 4 , chowbak tagged image : rebecca cummings . jpg for deletion , we were having discussions on this and now 4 days later lists the article for deletion . thanks for your input !
0.064242415
rebecca cummings article you have previously helped me with the rebbeca cummings article since you aer an administrator i would like your unbiased input on wikipedia articles for deletionrebecca cummings and image rebeccacummings jpg that has been put up for deletion along with the discussion on the deletion page you can find information and discussions on this at talk rebecca cummings and imagetalk rebeccacummings jpg i feel like this is an unfair attack because she fits the notability criteria at wikipedia notability pornographic actors this is listed in her article and restated at wikipedia articles for deletionrebecca cummings the reason i feel like this is an unfair attack by on november 4 chowbak tagged image rebecca cummings jpg for deletion we were having discussions on this and now 4 days later lists the article for deletion thanks for your input 
0.06360161
are

= = = = regarding edits made during november 9 2006 ( utc ) to rwanda = = = = thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do . take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . if this is an ip address , and it is shared by multiple users , ignore this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits .
0.023862647
regarding edits made during november 9 2006 utc to rwanda thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia if this is an ip address and it is shared by multiple users ignroe this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits 
0.011972498
ignore

yes , indeed , this has been an on-going personality conflict that started long before wikipedia was even created . thebee has , in my view , been quite busy harassing me , following me around and starting discussions on most of the article talk pages and several user talk pages , including my own , for the sole purpose of chastising me . here are some examples of his harassment tactics : he has brought this same discussion to many administrators , using the same diffs - trying to get me banned from wikipedia .
0.14848131
yes indeed this has been an ongoing personality conflict that started long before wikipedia was even created thebee has in my view been quite busy harasisng me following me around and starting discussions on most of the article talk pages and several user talk pages including my own for the sole purpose of chastising me here are some examples of his harassment tactics he has brought this same discussion to many administrators using the same diffs trying to get me banned from wikipedia 
0.12572542
harassing

: hah . actually , i think on topic . this is completely unfounded right now . from the page : as you know the nintendo wii is heavily based on the gamecube . it's very easy already to run linux under a gamecube so it should also work on the nintendo wii . while is not ready yet , it should see the light very soon . yeah , all he has to do is break the copyright protection , find out how the hardware has changed from the gamecube , compensate for said changes , and so on . it's non-new right now .
0.05674125
hah actually i think on topic this is completely unfonuded right now from the page as you know the nintendo wii is heavily based on the gamecube its very easy already to run linux under a gamecube so it should also work on the nintendo wii while is not ready yet it should see the light very soon yeah all he has to do is break the copyright protection find out how the hardware has changed from the gamecube compensate for said changes and so on its nonnew right now 
0.033148274
unfounded

: i see your point , thanks for making it clear . but the exception or living/dead issue you are talking about is not mentioned in the promophoto tag itself and i still think that your actual problem should firstly be with that tag , rather than the images using it . you see , there are many people complaining on your talk page saying the images uploaded by them are not easily recreatable and believing the images fit the description in the tag . you could perhaps discuss the problem on that tag's talk page or on wikipedia : fair use ( if you already haven't , of course ) . perhaps a rewording of the tag could be agreed upon and prevent interpretations like mine and other complaining guys ' from occuring in the future . i still maintain that any publicity photo released by , say , a record company to be used on media for the promotion of one of their artists could also be usable here on wikipedia like they are used everywhere else and this category of images won't pose a restriction on wikipedia's redistributabilty . regards ,
0.04569454
i see your point thanks for making it clear but the exception or livingdead issue you are talking about is not mentioned in the promophoto tag itself and i still think that your actual problem should firstly be with that tag rather than the images using it you see there are many people complianing on your talk page saying the images uploaded by them are not easily recreatable and believing the images fit the description in the tag you could perhaps discuss the problem on that tags talk page or on wikipedia fair use if you already havent of course perhaps a rewording of the tag could be agreed upon and prevent interpretations like mine and other compalining guys from occuring in the future i still maintain that any publicity photo released by say a record company to be used on media for the promotion of one of their artists could also be usable here on wikipedia like they are used everywhere else and this category of images wont pose a restriction on wikipedias redistributabilty regards 
0.019445024
complaining

and i apologize if i sounded like a curmugeon , but absolute claims do make for some difficulty .
0.08129091
and i apologize if i sounded like a curmugeon but asbolute claims do make for some difficulty 
0.06914249
absolute

:: points a ) and b ) are obvious and banal . i don't accept c ) at all . . “ ” .
0.30534524
points a and b are obvious and abnal i dont accept c at all “ ” 
0.19614369
banal

yeah , it's pretty fascinating . i disagree that new englanders moved into new york city and changed the accent to non-rhotic . lots of people moved into new york city ... jews , italians , and irish being the biggest . i think new englanders might be around # 178 on the list of groups moving to nyc , and the new engand -ar is so different from the nyc -ar that we can forget the whole theory . also the northern cities accent shift is food for a nice academic paper ( that's what scholars do , right ? ) but incorrectly implies that northern cities like syracuse or albany did something or other to change the accent from the rural acreas , when the truth is that the rural accent around syracuse is the same as that in the city . people move back and forth all the time . you have to have a big city like nyc or boston to have enough isolation to create a new accent . there is no variation in accent anywhere from eastern ny to syracuse , city , rural , or whatever , because people move around too much and there is no isolation . the first change going west happens in rochester , where o changes to a . so , doctor becomes dactor , contact lenses becomes cantact lenses . i'm an optometrist , a dactor who fits cantacts whenever i'm in rachester . ha ha . i tell patients to turn their hat around and they turn their head around . e becomes a , so head sounds like hat . i ask them , how do you say head and they say heead . buffalo gets worse , it has a midwest accent , by everybody's opinion , and many buffalo people think it's part of the midwest . i think you are from ohio , that's probably just like buffalo . believe it !
0.09605289
yeah its pretty fascinating i disagree that new englanders moved into new york city and changed the accent to nonrhotic lots of people moved into new york city jesw italians and irish being the biggest i think new englanders might be around 178 on the list of groups moving to nyc and the new engand ar is so different from the nyc ar that we can forget the whole theory also the northern cities accent shift is food for a nice academic paper thats what scholars do right but incorrectly implies that northern cities like syracuse or albany did something or other to change the accent from the rural acreas when the truth is that the rural accent around syracuse is the same as that in the city people move back and forth all the time you have to have a big city like nyc or boston to have enough isolation to create a new accent there is no variation in accent anywhere from eastern ny to syracuse city rural or whatever because people move around too much and there is no isolation the first change going west happens in rochester where o changes to a so doctor becomes dactor contact lenses becomes cantact lenses im an optometrist a dactor who fits cantacts whenever im in rachester ha ha i tell patients to turn their hat around and they turn their head around e becomes a so head sounds like hat i ask them how do you say head and they say heead buffalo gets worse it has a midwest accent by everybodys opinion and many buffalo people think its part of the midwest i think you are from ohio thats probably just like buffalo believe it 
0.056243144
jews

