= = the fox and the crow = = that see also link refers to a cartoon show
0.060690824
the fox and the rcow that see also link refers to a cartoon show 
0.014516276
crow

= = duck king article = = why did you take down the article i worte on the duck king ? i provided enough backstory and information , that he should have his own page . he should not be even concidered a minor character to kof in the first place concidering this is the first kof game he's actually a playable non-striker character in . ( )
0.11409636
duk king article why did you take down the article i worte on the dcuk king i provided enough backstory and information that he should have his own page he should not be even concidered a minor character to kof in the first place concidering this is the first kof game hes actually a playable nonstriker character in 
0.050399896
duck

= = v monologue = = i think you were the person who originally posted the monologue a long time ago . where did you originally find the monologue ? was it from a site or did you make it yourself ?
0.05790611
v monologue i think you were the person who originally posted the monologue a long time ago where did you originally find the monologue was it from a site or did you amke it yourself 
0.04360336
make

sorry to hear that you're stressed out over things - i hope that everything calms down soon . in the meantime , sit back with some nice esperanza coffee and relax .
0.038086977
sorry to hear that youre stressed out over things i hope that everything calms down soon in the meantime sti back with some nice esperanza coffee and relax 
0.021518148
sit

:: i'm feeling on a lot of things , but for just consistency's sake , i vote for chinese yuan . it's unlikely if not inconceivable that someone would link to chinese yuan if they meant the dynasty , and as soon as you start reading the article you gonna know what it's about . ::p . s . it also appears that the phrase chinese yuan is not unheard-of , if only for - aha ! - consistency , and to make it clear what country's currency it is . on the flipside , though , i will say , what're the odds someone'll link to yuan when they meant to link to yuan dynasty ?
0.028087126
im feeling on a lot of things but for just consistencys aske i vote for chinese yuan its unlikely if not inconceivable that someone would link to chinese yuan if they meant the dynasty and as soon as you start reading the article you gonna know what its about p s it also appears that the phrase chinese yuan is not unheardof if only for aha consistency and to make it clear what countrys currency it is on the flipside though i will say whatre the odds someonell link to yuan when they meant to link to yuan dynasty 
0.023673827
sake

you arrogant , ignorant fool ! you think you are the hottest thing on this site ! newsflash : your not ! you know absolutely nothing about wrestling , and you present yourself like a seriously idiotic person . the next time you want to leave a message on my page again ! learn to spell ! silly bitch ! ( )
0.9598647
you arrogant ignorant fool you think you are the hottest thing on this site newsflash your not you know absolutely nothing about wrestling and you present yourself like a seriously idiotic person the next time you want to leave a message on my page again learn to spell silly btich 
0.93421644
bitch

thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . '''''' ( e@)
0.012358057
thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and hsa been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia e 
0.012072828
has

::: the subsection is about societal attitudes toward homosexuality in ancient greece . what societal attitude is depicted in the picture ?
0.0313305
the subsection is about societal attitudes toward homsoexuality in ancient greece what societal attitude is depicted in the picture 
0.008144183
homosexuality

::: key players and events are indeed taken from actual history . most of the details seem to be fictional , though , some possibly taken from popular legends . quite interesting to read but clearly not a useful source for wikipedia .
0.008469888
key players and events are indeed taken from actual history most of the details seem to eb fictional though some possibly taken from popular legends quite interesting to read but clearly not a useful source for wikipedia 
0.007246119
be

= = edit a page please = = could someone please edit the five generations of computing page . thanks !
0.009043197
edit a page please could someone please edit the five genertaions of computing page thanks 
0.006609429
generations

::: here are my thoughts on the questions you've posed : ::: which of the places on the list are notable enough for separate articles ( if they don't have one now ) ? i've added links to articles where i could them . i'd say articles are also needed at least for sugar creek , red butte , rocky ridge , echo canyon , and emigration canyon . a couple of points of interest that could be added are genoa , nebraska ( settled by the latter-day saints as a supply point ) and this is the place heritage park . i'm sure other landmarks will be identified with additional research . ::: which places could be reasonably combined in sections , like the eastern wyoming sites ? some suggested sections : iowa ( mostly covering the 1840s ); the missouri river area ( winter quarters / kanesville / florence ); missouri river to fort laramie ; for laramie to fort bridger ( with a focus on the handcart companies ); and fort bridger to salt lake valley . the iowa section could include a brief subsection on the route used by the handcart companies from iowa city to florence . ::: and how are we to deal with elapsed time , as early companies had different experiences than later companies ? one chunk for geography and another for linear time ? i think the organization of the mormon trail article should focus on geography . content that is intrinsically chronological could be moved to the mormon pioneer article . would it make sense to tackle both of these articles at once to try to ensure that they compliment each other without simply being repetitive ? —
0.015958201
here are my thoughts on the questions youve posed which of the places on the list are notable enough for separate articles if they dont have one now ive added links to articles where i could them id say articles are also needed at least for sugar creek red butte rocky ridge echo canyon and emigration canyon a couple of points of interest that could be added are genoa nebraska settled by the latterday saints as a supply point and this is the place heritage park im sure other landmarks will be identified with additional research which places could be reasonably combined in sections like the eastern wyoming sites some suggested sections iowa mostly covering the 1840s the missouri river area winter quarters kanesville florence missouri river to fort laramie for laramie to fort bridger with a focus on the handcart companies and fort bridger to salt lake valley the iowa section could include a brief subsection on the route used by the handcart companies from iowa city to florence and how are we to deal with elapsed time as early companies had different experiences than later companies one chunk for geography and another for linear time i think the organization of the mormon trail article should focus on geography content that is intrinsically chronological could be moved to the mormon poineer article would it make sense to tackle both of these articles at once to try to ensure that they compliment each other without simply being repetitive — 
0.0118890405
pioneer

= = yofoxyman = = he has vandalised this page multiple times today . is there not a 3 revert rule ? keep an eye out on him .
0.23202018
yofoxyman he hsa vandalised this page multiple times today is there not a 3 revert rule keep an eye out on him 
0.1662604
has

6 ) i took terri to mediplex in bradenton fla , a residential rehab facility that specializes in brain injuries . ::::: specializes in brain injuries ? they dont claim that on their web site . ::::: it is a physical therapy place . ::::: is it equal to , say , shands hospital in gainsville ?
0.018508641
6 i took terri to mediplex in bradenton fla a residential rehab facility that specializes in b r a i n injuries specializes in brian injuries they dont claim that on their web site it is a physical therapy place is it equal to say shands hospital in gainsville 
0.009003058
brain

= = a hit list for jews = = there is a site called jew watch out there ( i'll let you find the link ) which specialises in keeping an eye on jewish activities . it is used as a reference site by anti-semites the world around . jew watch makes it a point to make sure that they do not , under any circumstances , list someone who they cannot confirm 100% is jewish . stormfront , a white supremist web forum , uses jew watch all of the time . the criteria for inclusion on list of british jews is the same criteria used by jew watch . it is a criteria designed for anti-semites . it is a criteria that is aimed in hurting jews . jewish communities do not have such a criteria . they allow anyone to be considered to be a jew if they have any linkage with the jewish community , through race , religion or culture . this is the normal criteria that is used . if your father is jewish , then per jewish community standards , you are jewish . and so forth . wikipedia as a whole has certain criteria for verifiability . but these criteria are not being applied to this list . this is being changed purely because this is a jewish list . whilst slim virgin and her friends have claimed that this is in order to stop muslim terrorists , this is plainly not true . if we are worried about terrorists strapping bombs to their bodies and blowing up jews , then this list shouldn't exist at all . and we should especially not try to focus on who are the real jews . wikipedia are changing their rules , purely to push an anti-semetic point of view . and while slim virgin goes around claiming that others who oppose her are neo-nazis , and ignoring their strong ties to the jewish community , she herself has been unable to answer the questions about her own religious hatred . and this is the same person who has supported muslim pov pushers , who have written vehement anti-semetic text throughout wikipedia . slim virgin has been a catalyst for banning people who have opposed these islamofascists . slim virgin is an anti-semite . right now , i would encourage deletion of this list . it is being run by anti-semites and used to harm all jewish people . until such time as slim virgin can be banned from editing this and related pages , it is dangerous to continue to have such a page . it is encouraging hatred of jews .
0.27660188
a hit list for j e w s there is a site called jew watch out there ill let you find the link which specialises in keeping an eye on jewish activities it is used as a reference site by antisemites the world around jew watch makes it a point to make sure that they do not under any circumstances list someone who they cannot confirm 100 is jewish stormfront a white supremist web forum uses jew watch all of the time the criteria for inclusion on list of british ews is the same criteria used by jew watch it is a criteria designed for antisemites it is a criteria that is aimed in hurting jes jewish communities do not have such a criteria they allow anyone to be considered to be a jew if they have any linkage with the jewish community through race religion or culture this is the normal criteria that is used if your father is jewish then per jewish community standards you are jewish and so forth wikipedia as a whole has certain criteria for verifiability but these criteria are not being applied to this list this is being changed purely because this is a jewish list whilst slim virgin and her friends have claimed that this is in order to stop muslim terrorists this is plainly not true if we are worried about terrorists strapping bombs to their bodies and blowing up jewcs then this list shouldnt exist at all and we should especially not try to focus on who are the real jevs wikipedia are changing their rules purely to push an antisemetic point of view and while slim virgin goes around claiming that others who oppose her are neonazis and ignoring their strong ties to the jewish community she herself has been unable to answer the questions about her own religious hatred and this is the same person who has supported muslim pov pushers who have written vehement antisemetic text throughout wikipedia slim virgin has been a catalyst for banning people who have opposed these islamofascists slim virgin is an antisemite right now i would encourage deletion of this list it is being run by antisemites and used to harm all jewish people until such time as slim virgin can be banned from editing this and related pages it is dangerous to continue to have such a page it is encouraging hatred of jwes 
0.2417015
jews

: i wonder why there is no mention of tesla turbines .
0.014548213
i wonder why there si no mention of tesla turbines 
0.013749043
is

ignore this please justin besant is a popular canadian jazz-folk artist born in toronto . as a child , he took classical piano lessons with nada engl . he soon switched to jazz piano , under the tutelage of jazz pianist , steve koven ( from the steve koven trio ) . justin besant performs original compositions and covers at local hotspots such as cafe bleu . he is influenced by a variety of artists ranging from keith jarrett , to stevie wonder , to ian tyson . justin is also in the band , the cortez trio , along with peter georgas ( guitar ) and frank grek ( percussion ) . the cortez trio took their name from the neil young classic , cortez the killer . = = discography = = * cortez trio with strings - 2006 * nubby goes down - 2005 * the cortez trio live - 2003 = = trivia = = prominent theosophist , annie besant , is the great-aunt of justin . = = external links = = * justin besant's site : http://www.last.fm/music/justin+besant * steve koven's homepage : http://www.stevekoven.com/ besant , justin besant , justin besant , justin besant , justin besant , justin besant , justin besant , justin besant , justin besant , justin this user has vandalised various pages including neil young , annie besant , cortez trio , among others . he has made personal attacks against various users , including myself , and vandalised a series of talk pages . he has been warned multiple times by various users , but has ignored all warnings . i do not know who he is , but he seems to be out to get me ( as seen by his posts above ) and other users such as johnleemk . i have been trying to avoid getting into an edit war , but vandalism is not acceptable on wikipedia so i revert it . i have never delt with such large scale vandalism before and am not sure how to handle it . any help would be appreciated . the cortez trio is a canadian jazz-folk trio composed of justin besant ( piano ) , peter georgas ( vocals/guitar ) , and frank grek ( percussion ) . based in toronto , canada , the cortez trio performs original compositions and covers at local hotspots such as cafe bleu . they are influenced by a variety of artists ranging from keith jarrett to ian tyson . their name was inspired by the neil young song , cortez the killer , off of the album , zuma . = = discography = = * the cortez trio with strings - 2006 * 555-stuart - 2005 * the cortez trio live - 2003 = = external links = = * justin besant's site : http://www.last.fm/music/justin+besant * steve koven's homepage : http://www.stevekoven.com/ cortez trio annie besant = = trivia = = she is the great-grandmother of andrew castle a television presenter and former professional tennis player and the great-aunt of justin besant , a popular canadian jazz-funk pianist .
0.0926426
ignore this please justin besant is a popular canadian jazzfolk artist born in toronto as a child he took classical piano lessons with nada engl he soon switched to jazz piano under the tutelage of jazz pianist steve koven from the steve koven trio justin besant performs original compositions and covers at local hotspots such as cafe bleu he is influenced by a variety of artists ranging from keith jarrett to stevie wonder to ian tyson justin is also in the band the cortez trio along with peter georgas guitar and frank grek percussion the cortez trio took their name from the neil young classic cortez the killer discography cortez trio with strings 2006 nubby goes down 2005 the cortez trio live 2003 trivia prominent theosophist annie besant is the greataunt of justin external links justin besants site httpwwwlastfmmusicjustinbesant steve kovens homepage httpwwwstevekovencom besant justin besant justin besant justin besant justin besant justin besant justin besant justin besant justin besant justin this user has vandalised various pages including neil young annie besant cortez trio among others he has made personal attacks against various users including myself and vandalised a series of talk pages he has been warned multiple times by various users but has ignored all warnings i do not know who he is but he seems to be out to get me as seen by his posts above and other users such as johnleemk i have been trying to avoid getting into an edit war but vandalsim is not acceptable on wikipedia so i revert it i have never delt with such large scale avndalism before and am not sure how to handle it any help would be appreciated the cortez trio is a canadian jazzfolk trio composed of justin besant piano peter georgas vocalsguitar and frank grek percussion based in toronto canada the cortez trio performs original compositions and covers at local hotspots such as cafe bleu they are influenced by a variety of artists ranging from keith jarrett to ian tyson their name was inspired by the neil young song cortez the killer off of the album zuma discography the cortez trio with strings 2006 555stuart 2005 the cortez trio live 2003 external links justin besants site httpwwwlastfmmusicjustinbesant steve kovens homepage httpwwwstevekovencom cortez trio annie besant trivia she is the greatgrandmother of andrew castle a television presenter and former professional tennis player and the greataunt of justin besant a popular canadian jazzfunk pianist 
0.04634052
vandalism

