i didn't say nothing about leaving . i don't see you verifying anything . just more yapping !
0.5203262
i didnt say nothing about leaving i dont see you verifying anything just more yapipng 
0.22957681
yapping

listen up wiki-kikes , burn this ip , it means nothing . i have 1000's more . you support those who vandalize and rewrite entire articles that they know nothing about and are not npov . you shall suffer for this . - holy6vfds
0.38045672
listen up wikikikes bunr this ip it means nothing i have 1000s more you support those who vandalize and rewrite entire articles that they know nothing about and are not npov you shall suffer for this holy6vfds 
0.28054252
burn

: image : nimbusmotorcycle . jpg hi , it's very nice you uploaded this beautiful picture about a beautiful motorcycle . when you upload pictures , it's a must that you write wheather you took the picture yourself and which way you'd like to license it . you do this by adding a {{ gfdl }} or {{ pd }} tag in your image description . without information the image will be deleted soon . in addition its useful to upload pictures to commons : special : upload so that we from the german wikipedia can also use it . information about the exact nimbus model is also important . enjoy wikipedia !
0.018778881
image nimbusmotorcycle jpg hi its very nice you uploaded this beautiful picture about a beautiful motorcycle when you upload pictures its a must that you write wheather you took the picture yourself and which way youd like to license it you do this by adding a gfdl or pd tag in your image description without information the image will eb deleted soon in addition its useful to upload pictures to commons special upload so that we from the german wikipedia can also use it information about the exact nimbus model is also important enjoy wikipedia 
0.015596864
be

:: dude ! what are you talking about poorly written ? why you always tryin ' to keep a brotha down ? but thanks for understanding , my man ... i mean , there's no need to have a century-old article cut and pasted here and passing for current scholarship with no attribution . and yeah , its me , musachachado . i had to use this account for my other one seems to be blocked right now for whatever reason .
0.3301625
dued what are you talking about poorly written why you always tryin to keep a brotha down but thanks for understanding my man i mean theres no need to have a centuryold article cut and pasted here and passing for current scholarship with no attribution and yeah its me musachachado i had to use this account for my other one seems to be blocked right now for whatever reason 
0.29851866
dude

to all wikipedia editors of the jehovah's witnesses pages : for the record : i have chosen to not respond directly to central's continued personal attacks on myself as that is quite obviously a pointless exercise in futility . nevertheless , i felt an explanation might be in order for anyone else contributing to these pages . as central is fond of pointing out ad hominem arguments are generally a logical fallacy . by the same reasoning anything he says about me is quite frankly irrelevant to the real issue , which is what should be included in the critical of the group section . this has been discussed at length above . and , although we clearly we're not able to reach a unanimous agreement on the content , we did attain a majority consensus from those of the current contributors to this page that cared to express an opinion regarding what this section should and should not contain . anyone that is curious can read the above thread whichas has observedis quite prolonged . that being said , i welcome any and all reasonable dialogue on the subject . but as long as central continues his personal attacks on my character i will continue to undo his reverts without further comment .
0.05232175
to all wikipedia editors of the jehovahs witnesses pages for the record i have chosen to not respond directly to centrals continued personal attacks on myself as that is quite obviously a poitnless exercise in futility nevertheless i felt an explanation might be in order for anyone else contributing to these pages as central is fond of pointing out ad hominem arguments are generally a logical fallacy by the same reasoning anything he says about me is quite frankly irrelevant to the real issue which is what should be included in the critical of the group section this has been discussed at length above and although we clearly were not able to reach a unanimous agreement on the content we did attain a majority consensus from those of the current contributors to this page that cared to express an opinion regarding what this section should and should not contain anyone that is curious can read the above thread whichas has observedis quite prolonged that being said i welcome any and all reasonable dialogue on the subject but as long as central continues his personal attacks on my character i will continue to undo his reverts without further comment 
0.036881227
pointless

i have rewritten some of the economics section and thrown out a lot of the pessimistic , unsubstantiated garbage . - bella july 2005
0.31485254
i have rewritten some of the economics section and thrown out a lot of the pessimistic unsubstantiated agrbage bella july 2005 
0.05888206
garbage

i didn't vandalize your user page , idiot .
0.90261114
i didnt vandalize your user page diiot 
0.483415
idiot

unfortunately i have misplaced my lecture notes from a couple of years ago , where this was covered . i'm currently checking a couple of essays on the topic . maybe one of these can give me references . i'll post them if they do .
0.03524157
unfortunately i have misplaced my lecutre notes from a couple of years ago where this was covered im currently checking a couple of essays on the topic maybe one of these can give me references ill post them if they do 
0.0314552
lecture

::::: yo ! red alert !! i know i was a tad slow in responding , but didn't you see my 500-word essey here : talk : terri_schiavo/mediation #archive_ . 2f_reboot ? the exact link is here : talk : terri_schiavo/mediation/summaries , and , as if we didn't let loose enough , there , didn't you see the new section i created here talk : terri_schiavo/mediation #other_key_points : _your_vote_is_needed_here ?? ::::: let me add that your ability to find pov errors , slimvirgin , is not unlike ncdave's excellent skill . for example , when i first was asked how i thought of the page in the peer review or whatever they call it , i said it was ok . however , after i got to looking at ncdave's criticisms , and looked closer at the language and accuracy , i not only found 500-words , but like dave , had to go above-and-beyond with additional comments . people like you and dave ( and ruch limbaugh ) are my heroes for finding errors that are otherwise unnoticeable ( and wagon's not bad at this either , though his findings seem typically to sway more to the center or liberal left , in my opinion ) . therefore , it is of high surprise that you couldn't find key issues , either yourself , or those we've identified . ( a folder of 500-word essays awaits you . ) likewise , when uncle ed was my own role model and example on how to solve a dispute , a method i successfully copied to be the great negotiator and put out world war iii at the en.wikiquotes.org abortion quotations weg page , it was likewise a surprise that uncle ed fancied himself the failure at negotiations , that had somewhat stalled : talk : terri_schiavo/mediation #well . 3f , it has been 4 days since the last contribution to this mediation . is everyone giving up , or what ? i didn't feel particularly good about putting a user block on fuelwagon , but does that change anything ? uncle ed's only problems are having to deal with unscreened employees ( editor/writers ) , who are not paid employees ( quality is you get what you pay for ) and , none of us ( far as i know ) are paid . conclusion : you all are my role models , and brighter than you may appear , so scratch for answers -and have a good time off , while uncle ed takes a wiki vacation -probably to work at a real , paying job or rest up .
0.05965868
yo red alert i know i was a tad slow in responding but didnt you see my 500word essey here talk terrischiavomediation archive 2freboot the exact link is here talk terrischiavomediationsummaries and as if we didnt let loose enough there didnt you see the new section i created here talk terrischiavomediation otherkeypoints yourvoteisneededhere let me add that your ability to find pov errors slimvirgin is not unlike ncdaves excellent skill for example when i first was asked how i thought of the page in the peer review or whatever they call it i said it was ok however after i got to looking at ncdaves criticisms and looked closer at the language and accuracy i not only found 500words but like dave had to go aboveandbeyond with additional comments people like you and dave and ruch limbaugh are my heroes for finding errors that are otherwise unnoticeable and wagons not bad at this either though his findings seem typically to sway more to the center or liberal left in my opinion therefore it is of high surprise that you couldnt find key issues either yourself or those weve identified a folder of 500word essays awaits you likewise when uncle ed was my own role model and example on how to solve a dispute a method i successfully copied to be the great negotiator and put out world war iii at the enwikiquotesorg abortion quotations weg page it was likewise a surprise that uncle ed fancied himself the failure at negotiations that had somewhat stalled talk terrischiavomediation well 3f it has been 4 days since the last contribution to this mediation is everyone giving up or what i didnt feel particularly good about putting a user block on fuelwagon but does that change anything uncle eds only problems are having to deal with unscreened employees editorwriters who are not paid employees quality is you gte what you pay for and none of us far as i know are paid conclusion you all are my role models and brighter than you may appear so scratch for answers and have a good time off while uncle ed takes a wiki vacation probably to work at a real paying job or rest up 
0.049520403
get

= = uh ... = = ... why did you speedy delete wikipedia : gnaa votes for deletion policy ? i created it as an alternative as the other had an inflamatory title ... -
0.23611641
uh why did you speedy delete wikipedia gnaa votes for deletion policy i created it as an alternative as the other had an inflamatroy title 
0.07878373
inflamatory

= = praise = = looked at this article about 6 months ago -much improved . ]
0.01508437
rpaise looked at this article about 6 months ago much improved 
0.014828347
praise

** please feel free to go ahead and block this address . it will stop an entire county with 300,000 registered internet users from editing .
0.12770453
please feel free to go ahead and block this address it will stpo an entire county with 300000 registered internet users from editing 
0.061644606
stop

= = mike garcia , again = = mike garcia has been acting up again , this time on system of a down , only a little while after your block . he refuses to cite a source for his information .
0.07529394
mike garcia again mike garcia has been acting up again this time on system of a down only a little while after your blcok he refuses to cite a source for his information 
0.070793726
block

july 2005 ( utc ) : thanks for the source , moosh88 , and self-correction ( now you know why i'm sort of a hard ass on references p ) . that's what i thought , not only because 50,000 russians left never to come back , but other economic and demographic factors . 05:50 , 21
0.28551728
july 2005 uct thanks for the source moosh88 and selfcorrection now you know why im sort of a hard ass on references p thats what i thought not only because 50000 russians left never to come back but other economic and demographic factors 0550 21 
0.26037025
utc

this article isn't very good , it needs more elaboration , and it also seems to be implying that draw distance is a ' feature ' of games , e.g. gta .
0.011141807
this article isnt very good it needs more elaboration and it also seems to eb implying that draw distance is a feature of games eg gta 
0.006051568
be

npov still needed ? heck yeah ! read the article once . it practically drips pro-bush lovin's . until the article has some resembalence of neutrality , npov should stay .
0.24044506
npov still needed hcek yeah read the article once it practically drips probush lovins until the article has some resembalence of neutrality npov should stay 
0.103645556
heck

= = proposed move to andromeda = = : add * support or * oppose followed by an optional one sentence explanation , then sign your vote with ~~~~ * support . no single use seems to deserve primary disambiguation , and redirecting andromeda to the disambiguation page is sillyas long as the dab page gets primary disambiguation , it should be at andromeda .
0.027482884
proposed move to andromeda add support or oppose followed by an optional one sentence explanation then sign your vote with support no single use seems to deserev primary disambiguation and redirecting andromeda to the disambiguation page is sillyas long as the dab page gets primary disambiguation it should be at andromeda 
0.02350044
deserve

= = your actions = = i see you have deleted my objections to your action in blocking me , without even the courtesy of a reply . you think this is acceptable behaviour from an administrator ? you think i am kidding around here ? i will now lodge a complaint against you for abuse of your administration powers .
0.3626981
your actions i see you have deleted my objections to your action in blocking me without even the courtesy of a reply you think this is acceptable behaviour from an administrator you think i am kidding around here i will now lodge a complaint against you for aubse of your administration powers 
0.2182832
abuse

dvyost|dvyost ]] = = one small nit pick- = = in this paragraph : a minority of theorists , such as wendy b . faris , argue that certain films , such as the witches of eastwick and field of dreams could be described as magical realist , but the term is still primarily used to describe literature . however , if one accepts movies as a possible medium for magic realism , one should have a look at many of the movies of tim burton ( the nightmare before christmas , big fish ) or david lynch ( mulholland drive , wild at heart ) . other examples : la cité des enfants perdus , what dreams may come , adaptation and being john malkovich . these following movies ( listed above ) are based on books : the witches of eastwick , field of dreams and what dreams may come . it's also silly to wonder if movies can be magical realist , esp if it's based on books that are magical realist books . : very sensible . edit away , why don't you ? [[ user :
0.09247569
dvyostdvyost one small nit pick in this paragraph a minority of theorists such as wendy b faris argue that certain films such as the witches of eastwick and field of dreams could be described as magical realist but the term is still primarily used to describe literature however if one accepts movies as a possible medium for magic realism one should have a look at many of the movies of tim burton the nightmare before christmas big fish or david lynch mulholland drive wild at heart other examples la cité des enfants perdus what dreams may come adaptation and being john malkovich these following movies listed above are based on books the witches of eastwick field of dreams and what dreams may come its also slily to wonder if movies can be magical realist esp if its based on books that are magical realist books very sensible edit away why dont you user 
0.061970357
silly

i've read the archives and various national anarchism pages . they are clearly against the state , which makes them anarchists . they are apparently into bookchin-like municipalism , with affinity groups based on race ( rather than e.g. economics or ecology ) .
0.07867479
ive read the archives and various national anarchism pages they are clearly against the state which makes them anarhcists they are apparently into bookchinlike municipalism with affinity groups based on race rather than eg economics or ecology 
0.029402323
anarchists

: is there a difference between those who are ill and those who are criminally insane ?
0.32093883
is there a difference between those who are ill and those who are criminally insnae 
0.22308746
insane

