. i completely agree with the guy that says homophobia describes something different , fear of gays . even though the dictionary defines it as something different , it's silly to categorize every type of notion against gay people into one word
0.24004011
i completely agree with the guy that says homophobia describes something different fear of gays even though the dictionary defines it as something different its silyl to categorize every type of notion against gay people into one word 
0.15495573
silly

please re-consider once again , im not sure if its appropiate for me to discuss this here , let me know if its not , i dont want to break any rules . i investigated the following in hopes to get a better resolution , i dont feel like the external links page shouldn't include the following if my site is not allowed because they contain the exact same things as my site , also , just because i am the owner of the site and am adding it , what would be the difference if i acted like i wasnt the owner ? i i have only one link to the graffiti store once you enter the site , and its nowhere on the gallery or the top navigation , but just because i have a store doesnt mean i was posting my site in order to promote it , i was certainly not , or else i would of tried to add the store url when i added the other url . also like i said before , my site has been up since 1997 off a different domain , and since 1999 off the current domain . we are ranked 5 on google , and get plenty of hits on our own , i was not trying to add my site here to receive more hits . puregraffiti.com is going to be online for as long as the internet is alive , the gallery will be the biggest gallery of graffiti art online , weather one agrees with me or not , you can take a look at the stats and figure it out yourself . we are online for graffiti artists that dont have the knowledge or money to get their pictures up on a website that is already established and well known by almost everyone in the usa that is a graffiti artist . the store we have merely pays for the dedicated server bill costs to keep this huge site alive , and there are 500 other stores online that do advertize on google and other sites , we on the other hand dont . we also dont charge for the webspace , and we also dont have advertizing for money on our site in hopes to make money of our viewers like many of the sites you have accepted . please take all this into consideration : http://www.artcimes.org = first graffiti site . they have a store as well , and they have advertizing for money all through-out their site . just because they are the first graffiti site , doesnt give them any special treatment . http://www.bombing.org = advertizing for money all over the site http://writers.org.ua = advertizing for money pop-up when visited the site . p.s. by no means i have a problem with these sites , however , i do think it is unfair that they get to be on there when my site is the same , and does not contain advertizements to make money . thank you once again . sabrina
0.018733596
please reconsider once again im not sure if its appropiate for me to discuss this here let me know if its not i dont want to break any rules i investgiated the following in hopes to get a better resolution i dont feel like the external links page shouldnt include the following if my site is not allowed because they contain the exact same things as my site also just because i am the owner of the site and am adding it what would be the difference if i acted like i wasnt the owner i i have only one link to the graffiti store once you enter the site and its nowhere on the gallery or the top navigation but just because i have a store doesnt mean i was posting my site in order to promote it i was certainly not or else i would of tried to add the store url when i added the other url also like i said before my site has been up since 1997 off a different domain and since 1999 off the current domain we are ranked 5 on google and get plenty of hits on our own i was not trying to add my site here to receive more hits puregraffiticom is going to be online for as long as the internet is alive the gallery will be the biggest gallery of graffiti art online weather one agrees with me or not you can take a look at the stats and figure it out yourself we are online for graffiti artists that dont have the knowledge or money to get their pictures up on a website that is already established and well known by almost everyone in the usa that is a graffiti artist the store we have merely pays for the dedicated server bill costs to keep this huge site alive and there are 500 other stores online that do advertize on google and other sites we on the other hand dont we also dont charge for the webspace and we also dont have advertizing for money on our site in hopes to make money of our viewers like many of the sites you have accepted please take all this into consideration httpwwwartcimesorg first graffiti site they have a store as well and they have advertizing for money all throughout their site just because they are the first graffiti site doesnt give them any special treatment httpwwwbombingorg advertizing for money all over the site httpwritersorgua advertizing for money popup when visited the site ps by no means i have a problem with these sites however i do think it is unfair that they get to be on there when my site is the same and does not contain advertizements to make money thank you once again sabrina 
0.01584528
investigated

please refrain from removing content from wikipedia , as you did to kingdom of judah . it is considered vandalism . if you want to experiment , please use the sandbox . thank you . if you feel that the edit i reverted should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.037378978
please refrain from removing content from wikipedia as you did to kingdom of judah it is considered vandlaism if you want to experiment please use the sandbox thank you if you feel that the edit i reverted should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.019738937
vandalism

dagammit woman ! i'm year of the boar too ! come on now ! get down wid yo bad self !!
0.50555766
dagammit woman im year of the boar too come on now egt down wid yo bad self 
0.4551364
get

august 2006 ( utc ) :: the article has vanished . 06:48 , 7
0.008373941
august 2006 utc the article ahs vanished 0648 7 
0.008100712
has

i have proved above that one of your admin is a liar and that he is rigging the rfa vote . i have proved beyond a doubt that this is the case . fo you to come here and indefinitely extend my block shows that you have not read any of my sentiment and you are more intent on flexing your punitive tools . this block stems from an edit conflict wher i reverted something that has since been proven to be a false quote with a phoney source . i have made the article more factual with my persistence . this is why all this has happened . over zealous ego-maniacal editors have had me blocked for bogus reasons . it is bothering that the editors seem so intent on flexing their punitive tools rather than actually looking into the claims of someone who is probably agitated rather than being a genuine vandal . thanks for your interest in my plea anyway . if you're not a blind supporter of my opposition then look up above where i easily prove that admin chairboy has been having an ongoing relationship with ryulong afetr he claimed thet they only had ' one ' interaction . he is a liar . he is playing with the votes . he is the #2 supporter . i proved it . you have ignored it . thanks
0.4508846
i have proved above that one of your admin is a livar and that he is rigging the rfa vote i have proved beyond a doubt that this is the case fo you to come here and indefinitely extend my block shows that you have not read any of my sentiment and you are more intent on flexing your punitive tools this block stems from an edit conflict wher i reverted something that has since been proven to be a false quote with a phoney source i have made the article more factual with my persistence this is why all this has happened over zealous egomaniacal editors have had me blocked for bogus reasons it is bothering that the editors seem so intent on flexing their punitive tools rather than actually looking into the claims of someone who is probably agitated rather than being a genuine vandal thanks for your interest in my plea anyway if youre not a blind supporter of my opposition then look up above where i easily prove that admin chairboy has been having an ongoing relationship with ryulong afetr he claimed thet they only had one interaction he is a lira he is playing with the votes he is the 2 supporter i proved it you have ignored it thanks 
0.37015918
liar

= = lesson 2 extra credit = = for this extra credit it is worth 9 extra points on the lesson 2 assignment . go in the internet and search and find 3 other animagus they we have not metion in the lesson . tell the animagus name , what animal he or she turns into , and dose the animagus have markings if so please tell . have fun
0.0333829
lesson 2 extra credit for this extra credit it is worth 9 extra points on the lesson 2 assignment og in the internet and search and find 3 other animagus they we have not metion in the lesson tell the animagus name what animal he or she turns into and dose the animagus have markings if so please tell have fun 
0.019526359
go

::: oh , i see . instant solution : make a composite image of her in her normal outfit ( school uniform or maid ) and her swimsuit . that is possible since she's gdfl . other alternative would to have several non-free fair use images ....
0.039711803
oh i see instant solution make a composite image of her in her normal outfit school uniform or amid and her swimsuit that is possible since shes gdfl other alternative would to have several nonfree fair use images 
0.02950951
maid

= = no = = im sorry , the bb is not part of the scouts , because it is older than the scouts and therefore should have its own wikiprogect for the brigades as it is known to members of it .
0.07904395
no im sorry the bb is not part of the scouts because it is older than the scouts and therefore should have its own wikiprogect for the brigdaes as it is known to members of it 
0.0441978
brigades

. i will report the user to wp : aiv if spamming persists . —
0.02957325
i will report the user to wp aiv if spmaming persists — 
0.021009184
spamming

= = afd = = why do you want to delete the article list of micronations ? this is a perfectly fine article . it is in good shape . there is no reason to delete it . please respond on my talk page .
0.04570169
afd why do you want to delete the article list of micronations this i s a perfectly fine article it i s in good shape there si no reason to delete it please respond on my talk page 
0.03498718
is

hey daivd , should it be listed at the rfa main page ?
0.039551277
hey daivd should it eb listed at the rfa main page 
0.035919677
be

= = drop dead ! = = i'm not gonna bother with you , wait till my dad comes .
0.47724664
drop daed im not gonna bother with you wait till my dad comes 
0.15973379
dead

= = = = regarding edits made during august 9 2006 ( utc ) to damien echols = = = = thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . if this is an ip address , and it is shared by multiple users , ignore this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits . email me
0.03832099
regarding edits made during august 9 2006 utc to damien echols thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia if this is an ip address and it is shared by multiple users ginore this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits email me 
0.017276626
ignore

: whatever i'm leaving this shit hole . wikipedia is filled with biased neo-conservatives who don't even follow their own policies . administrators break the rules , and when confronted they come up with stupid excuses like wikilawyering . :
0.8632273
whatever im leaving this siht hole wikipedia is filled with biased neoconservatives who dont even follow their own policies administrators break the rules and when confronted they come up with stupid excuses like wikilawyering 
0.8525676
shit

:: yes , well , the english name has no official standing whatsoever now , and so is redundant as peking , bombay or rhodesia . it's getting moved !
0.10064169
yes well the english name has no official standing whatsoever now and so is redundatn as peking bombay or rhodesia its getting moved 
0.07424953
redundant

