tom atkins is a queer and so are you .
0.34322628
tom atkins si a queer and so are you 
0.22116514
is

: personal attacks ?...???.. where ? when ? i think that things got uncivil when you started hurling threats at me
0.31692427
personal atatcks where when i think that things got uncivil when you started hurling threats at me 
0.31373543
attacks

= = best quote ever = = the god object is an example of an anti-pattern . i love it . out there . i was trying to research programming languages and ended up feeling like i was looking into philosophy and theology . anyway , i think that sentence would do well to include a brief decription of what is meant by an anti-pattern . you can click through to the link , but i think that the references in the article should be a bit more contained . it's a zinger of a sentence , but it refers to a very specific piece of knowledge that the article shouldn't assume the average reader has . some minor explanation here would go a long way to make it a little bit less of a ' wtf ? ' -sounding statement . it almost comes across as a bit of sensationalism . almost . it is , however , a fascinating article . kudos to those of you who put this thing together .
0.08863028
best quote ever the god object is an example of an antipattern i love it out there i was trying to research programming languages and ended up feeling like i was looking into philosophy and theology anyway i think that sentence would do well to include a brief decription of what is meant by an antipattern you can click through to the link but i think that the references in the article should eb a bit more contained its a zinger of a sentence but it refers to a very specific piece of knowledge that the article shouldnt assume the average reader has some minor explanation here would go a long way to make it a little bit less of a wtf sounding statement it almost comes across as a bit of sensationalism almost it is however a fascinating article kudos to those of you who put this thing together 
0.08495296
be

the edit history of this user consists solely of vandalism and/or trolling , particularly directed towards who has had a history of abuse from similar sockpuppets .
0.147465
the edit history of this user consists solely of vandalism andor trolling particularly directed towards who has had a history of abuse from similar sockpupptes 
0.11668882
sockpuppets

penis doodle in your ear and all your mutts
0.91333765
pneis doodle in your ear and all your mutts 
0.63763875
penis

= = overrated = = derek jeter is overrated , i don't like him at all , he shouldn't be making 20 mill a year for having average seasons
0.16826917
overrted derek jeter is overraetd i dont like him at all he shouldnt be making 20 mill a year for having average seasons 
0.07005348
overrated

::: if anything , doesn't the quote ' eastman stated that the party had no hidden agendas , despite being labelled an arm of the christian right movement . there's no formal structural approach to churches in any way , ' do good anyway ? the paragraph starts off with saying that ff announced eastman as lead candidate and spokesperson , and goes on to show eastman clearing the misconception that ff has no hidden agendas ...
0.03659745
if anything doesnt the quote eastman stated that the party had no hidden agendas despite being labelled an arm of the christian right movement theres no formal structural approach to churches in any way do good anyway the paragraph starts off with saying that ff announced eastman as lead candidate and spokesperson and goes on to show eastman clearing the misconception that ff ahs no hidden agendas 
0.023040377
has

you can help chian pigs for long time , but y never can not change the true , understanding ? = =
0.45789224
you can help chian pisg for long time but y never can not change the true understanding 
0.06950296
pigs

= = a small community ? = = i am having an issue . on the 26th of august the following statement was removed from the foresters falls , ontario article : foresters falls is now a small community having digressed significantly since the invention of motorized transport . this information was removed without any explanation . because it is a factual peice of information i replaced it ( aug 28th ) and for safety sake put the book i had gotten it from as a referance . i explained my edit as facts are facts . i imagined that the matter would end here . why would anyone insist on its removal after this point ? the next day i saw that it had been removed again by the same user who explained if it's a fact cite a reliable source . a simple enough request . i thought i had already done that but no matter . i renamed referances as sources , re-added the sentance again , explained this and left it . within the hour my edit had been reverted and a message left on my user board saying your change to the page foresters falls , ontario was determined to be unhelpful , and has been reverted . needless to say i was a bit upset . who determined this ? who's pov about foresters falls is more important ? what criteria are being used ? i understand that the statement is not the most important ever but it certainly doesn't detract from the article . i have been attempting to have the user armadillofromhell explain why he insists on it's absence but he is being very stubborn and will not answer my questions . i don't want to start harrassing people but i have no idea what to do . here are a few of my questions : * has the community not gotten smaller ? * was it not caused by the automobile ? * have i not sourced the statement as asked ? * is it not a fact ? * is it not information ? * does it not help inform people as to why foresters falls is not as large as it seemingly once was ? * is it not the only peice of information in the article that bridges the span of time between 1870 and present ? * is the usfullness of the edit the only criteria used to determine if it will be reverted or not ? * why it is better to not have the statement than to have it ? * does this information not answers a pertinant question left open by the article ? * if i were to refrase the sentance would that be better ? * what criteria was used to determine that it should be removed ? * why insist on the removal of this perfectly sensible statement ? i simply think that this edit was made in haste and i get the feeling that i've cause offence simply by questioning the logic behind it .
0.054020703
a small community i am having an issue on the 26th of august the following statement was removed from the foresters falls ontario article foresters falls is now a small community having digressed significantly since the invention of motorized transport this information was removed without any explanation because it is a factual peice of information i replaced it aug 28th and for safety sake put the book i had gotten it from as a referance i explained my edit as facts are facts i imagined that the matter would end here why would anyone insist on its removal after this point the next day i saw that it had been removed again by the same user who explained if its a fact cite a reliable source a simple enough request i thought i had already done that but no matter i renamed referances as sources readded the sentance again explained this and left it within the hour my edit had been reverted and a message left on my user board saying your change to the page foresters falls ontario was determined to be unhelpful and has been reverted needless to say i was a bit upset who determined this whos pov about foresters falls is more important what criteria are being used i understand that the statement is not the most important ever but it certainly doesnt detract from the article i have been attempting to have the user armadillofromhell explain why he insists on its absence but he is being very tsubborn and will not answer my questions i dont want to start harrassing people but i have no idea what to do here are a few of my questions has the community not gotten smaller was it not caused by the automobile have i not sourced the statement as asked is it not a fact is it not information does it not help inform people as to why foresters falls is not as large as it seemingly once was is it not the only peice of information in the article that bridges the span of time between 1870 and present is the usfullness of the edit the only criteria used to determine if it will be reverted or not why it is better to not have the statement than to have it does this information not answers a pertinant question left open by the article if i were to refrase the sentance would that be better what criteria was used to determine that it should be removed why insist on the removal of this perfectly sensible statement i simply think that this edit was made in haste and i get the feeling that ive cause offence simply by questioning the logic behind it 
0.034831528
stubborn

= = criticism = = tha anonymous criticism about the speed of r is rebutted by the benchmark results at http://www.sciviews.org/benchmark/ this is also explained earlier in the article . the criticisms are thus removed .
0.047125988
criticism tha anonymous criticism about the speed of r s rebutted by the benchmark results at httpwwwsciviewsorgbenchmark this si also explained earlier in the article the criticisms are thus removed 
0.036880404
is

= = re : npa = = how am i supposed to respond to a sockpuppet user tag that is incessantly being added to my profile page ?
0.20020625
re npa how am i supposed to respond to a sockppupet user tag that is incessantly being added to my profile page 
0.04075491
sockpuppet

i'm sorry if you don't like it ... somebody needs to update these pages and i am the only one who will do it and i'm sorry if i don't know how to do copyrighting correctly but at least i am trying to update these really old pictures everywhere .... if you are going to keep berating me , please fix the pictures and stop putting these old pictures up ... put new stuff !
0.1290058
im sorry if you dont like it somebody needs to update these pages and i am the only one who will do it and im sorry if i dont know how to do copyrighting correctly but at least i am trying to update these really old pictures everywhere if you are going to keep berating me please fix the pictures and sotp putting these old pictures up put new stuff 
0.10463208
stop

= = re : how to cross-wiki images ? = = good news for you : since all the images at the spanish wikipedia are placed in commons : . there is no need to cross reference them , you just use them ! just be careful to change imagen with image . a not though on the naming of the articles . except for provincial capitals , the default convention is to name cities and towns with their name only . if there is an ambiguity ( e.i. carlos pellegrini is also a former-president ) , then you add the province's name after a comma : carlos pellegrini , santa fe . if you wish , you can use the city templates we commonly use in argentine cities ; check rosario for the full use of the templates . don't hassitate to contact me if you have any other doubts . good wiking , /
0.032569952
re how to crosswiki images good news for you since all the images at the spanish wikipedia rae placed in commons there is no need to cross reference them you just use them just be careful to change imagen with image a not though on the naming of the articles except for provincial capitals the default convention is to name cities and towns with their name only if there is an ambiguity ei carlos pellegrini is also a formerpresident then you add the provinces name after a comma carlos pellegrini santa fe if you wish you can use the city templates we commonly use in argentine cities check rosario for the full use of the templates dont hassitate to contact me if you have any other doubts good wiking 
0.029516367
are

= = english democrats party = = why is there a link to the website of this party ? it looks a bit like an endorsement by wikipedia . or are they considered uniquely representative of english people ? if so , why did they get 0.7% of the vote at the last by-election held in england ?
0.04378119
english demorcats party why is there a link to the website of this party it looks a bit like an endorsement by wikipedia or are they considered uniquely representative of english people if so why did they get 07 of the vote at the last byelection held in england 
0.030626912
democrats

i have already said where the quran mentions it , it is from surah al-isra ( surah #17 ) and verse number 1 , and the text in the quran is masjid al aqsa . the farthest mosque is just the english translation , . i have now concluded that you have no idea on the topic , and are just coming to baseless personal and politically motivated conclusions . i recommend the moderators to review the article
0.04952269
i have already said where the quran mentions it it is from surah alisra surah 17 and verse number 1 and the text in the quran is masjid al aqsa the farthest mosque is just the english translation i have now concluded that you have no idea on the topic and are just coming to baseless personal and politically motivated conclusions i recommend the modertaors to review the article 
0.041396882
moderators

) * note - that ' nonsense ' page contained factual information about an extremely clever , important renowned proifessor of science . details of such people sohould not be considered nonsensical or vandalism , and i was not warned until after it was deleted , a little bit late wouldn't you agree ? ( gmt
0.11097938
note that nonsenes page contained factual information about an extremely clever important renowned proifessor of science details of such people sohould not be considered nonsensical or vandalism and i was not warned until after it was deleted a little bit late wouldnt you agree gmt 
0.0829719
nonsense

in response to the message you left on my page , it is not my fault that professor gubby just happens to have the exact same life history as this ' eric thomas ' who , by the way , i have never heard of before . also , calling peoples names ' silly nicknames ' is simply ignorant ; there are some names from various other cultures around the world that some narrow -minded people may dismiss as ' silly ' , but just because they sound unusual to you , it makes them no less important . i have also scanned through your discussion page , and it seems i'm not the only person annoyed by your ' trigger-happy ' editing skills . i thought wikipedia was a free encyclopedia that anyone can edit ? so-called ' grammar-nazis ' like yourself have no place anywhere free speech is allowed . if my page is not undeleted soon , i will consider further action ...
0.2072235
in response to the message you left on my page it is not my fault that professor gubby just happens to have the exact same life history as this eric thomas who by the way i have never heard of before also calling peoples names silly nicknames is simply igonrant there are some names from various other cultures around the world that some narrow minded people may dismiss as silly but just because they sound unusual to you it makes them no less important i have also scanned through your discussion page and it seems im not the only person annoyed by your triggerhappy editing skills i thought wikipedia was a free encyclopedia that anyone can edit socalled grammarnazis like yourself have no place anywhere free speech is allowed if my page is not undeleted soon i will consider further action 
0.14884816
ignorant

