i am also troubled by the vague use of the term coalition ( coalition of who , specifically , with what purpose ? ) in many spots in the article . i'm not sure how to correct this problem ...
0.015141795
i am also troubled by the avgue use of the term coalition coalition of who specifically with what purpose in many spots in the article im not sure how to correct this problem 
0.011823278
vague

= = louis bachelier explained brownian motion = = see louis bachelier who explained brownian motion five years before einstein , and of course einstein lived in isolation and knew nothing about it . the same goes for olinto de pretto who published e = mc2 three years before einstein .
0.03429372
louis bachelier explained brownian motion see louis bachelier who explained brownian motion five years before einstein and of course einstein lived in isolation and knew nothign about it the same goes for olinto de pretto who published e mc2 three years before einstein 
0.02301209
nothing

:: i didn't vandalize anything , except sometimes in retaliation , to make my point understood . they are a bunch of ignorant people , who have never read a single line of j . f . ' s work , who are systematically vandalizing any reference to the proto-ionic solution because it destroy their pov . allow me to give you an advice read the j . f . ' s books if you can understand french . make ' your own opinion ' about the proto-ionian theory , instead of trusting biaised hearsays . in advance , thank you ( user [[ 80.90.57.154 , 15:17 , 24 march 2006 ) .
0.29911986
i didnt vandalize anything except sometimes in retaliation to make my point understood they are a bunch of igonrant people who have never read a single line of j f s work who are systematically vandalizing any reference to the protoionic solution because it destroy their pov allow me to give you an advice read the j f s books if you can understand french make your own opinion about the protoionian theory instead of trusting biaised hearsays in advance thank you user 809057154 1517 24 march 2006 
0.061904658
ignorant

:: so the party has started ... but the woods are lovely , dark and deep . but i have promises to keep , and miles to go before i sleep , and miles to go before i sleep . robert frost
0.022613123
so the party has started but the woods are lovely dark and deep but i have promises to keep and miles to g before i sleep and miles to og before i sleep robert frost 
0.018704606
go

please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia .
0.14876874
please stop if you continue to avndalize pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia 
0.12894902
vandalize

i am shock by both of you , if you do a quick research you would know , i have started more topic on wikipedia , than anyone .. from the same remote location .. , even the said page , you claim authority to know , i wrote most of the piece , this you could verified under different name for more than 4 years now .. the said links picture of nigeria have been there for more 4 years now , under yahoo . with yahoo ad .. nobody raise an eyebrown .. is there a different reason you people are bend on this .. if it was about mark , mark happen to be a person , who want to win always , and i understand is feeling becuuse he is young .. but be objective is not using moderator power to win a case .. this is what rhobite is doing .. if rhobite think he want to contribute to the page he should go to nigeria , and get picture of it .. i am not getting paid for doing this , i am only doing wikipedia a favour , but i now regret , that i should not have started the so many topic i did , which some of them are not be use against me .. i know i have learnt my lesson , i would never start any topic against . i would leave you in keeping your over 40 years old knowledge of africa and nigeria . since you it look like you people do not want to see anything good about the place , i have gone thru most of the picture on wikipedia and some of the so call contribution are irritating , protracting us as thief , take for example the no to correct release by the infamours cia , some of the information are not correct . when you remove thing like this you people in quote who claim you know us more than us . just come back to insert it .. what is the all purpose of wikipedia , to inform or to misinform .. change you view rhobite .. if you are going to be objective be .. you are not god , if been a moderator make you feel on top of the world , please it is not an achieve , the owner of wikipedia get paid , you are just a tool , been use and that can be dispost of any day .. from what i see , from your talk , if you have start your on . com company you would have made money for yourself . but you just spend your energy and time on building another man wealth . this is an advice to you rhobite . it is just an advice , you do not have to take .. time is a precious thing ... yestersday have gone , or time you spend on wikipedia have gone , invest your time and energy on your own website .. send me your link and may be i can help you ... email me at onelove20004j@hotmail.com .. ok . young man .. i am too old to talk with you .. have a nice days . if you think about this thing , and you want to put the links or any of you , please .. i wish you well , may god bless you .. my time is precious .. i have better thing in life to achieve . bye
0.14886977
i am shock by both of you if you do a quick research you would know i have started more topic on wikipedia than anyone from the same remote location even the said page you claim authority to know i wrote most of the piece this you could verified under different name for more than 4 years now the said links picture of nigeria have been there for more 4 years now under yahoo with yahoo ad nobody raise an eyebrown is there a different reason you people are bend on this if it was about mark mark happen to be a person who want to win always and i understand is feeling becuuse he is young but be objective is not using moderator power to win a case this is what rhobite is doing if rhobite think he want to contribute to the page he should go to nigeria and get picture of it i am not getting paid for doing this i am only doing wikipedia a favour but i now regret that i should not have started the so many topic i did which some of them are not be use against me i know i have learnt my lesson i would never start any topic against i would leave you in keeping your over 40 years old knowledge of africa and nigeria since you it look like you people do not want to see anything good about the place i have gone thru most of the picture on wikipedia and some of the so call contribution are irritating protracting us as thife take for example the no to correct release by the infamours cia some of the information are not correct when you remove thing like this you people in quote who claim you know us more than us just come back to insert it what is the all purpose of wikipedia to inform or to misinform change you view rhobite if you are going to be objective be you are not god if been a moderator make you feel on top of the world please it is not an achieve the owner of wikipedia get paid you are just a tool been use and that can be dispost of any day from what i see from your talk if you have start your on com company you would have made money for yourself but you just spend your energy and time on building another man wealth this is an advice to you rhobite it is just an advice you do not have to take time is a precious thing yestersday have gone or time you spend on wikipedia have gone invest your time and energy on your own website send me your link and may be i can help you email me at onelove20004jhotmailcom ok young man i am too old to talk with you have a nice days if you think about this thing and you want to put the links or any of you please i wish you well may god bless you my time is precious i have better thing in life to achieve bye 
0.10891184
thief

you are as empty-headed a wikipedian as i have ever met . you obviously do not know , nor do you want to know nor do you want anyone else to know why san francisco is a great city to live in . you are acting like a child because you refuse to view the images as they are offered for free . historcal , exciting images of a great city . there is no other site on the web such such a good collection of images of that great city available like that for free and you want to sit there and whine because copies are also availble for ordering .
0.09294693
you are as emptyheaded a wikipedian as i have ever met you obviously do not know nor do you want to know nor do you want anyone else to know why san francisco s a great city to live in you are acting like a child because you refuse to view the images as they are offered for free historcal exciting images of a great city there si no other site on the web such such a good collection of images of that great city available like that for free and you want to sit there and whine because copies are also availble for ordering 
0.09058709
is

: you gotta be kidding you arrogant sob !
0.88602215
you gotta be kidding you arrognat sob 
0.78822124
arrogant

people who don't want that people need to look after what they are doing shouldn't vandalize user pages in the first place .
0.1042638
people who dont want that people need to look after what they are doing shouldnt vandalzie user pages in the first place 
0.07156532
vandalize

