rdh , i wouldnt be so proud to label youself a wiki facsist , as you have no idea of what the original meaning is of that world . that particular philiosophy caused millions of people to die , and people who disagreed with them were put to death . please read the wiki entry on facsists . and , how do you know that the orignal entry on a page ( with no corrobarting backup ) is factual information . you adjust your meaning of factual information to fit your particular brand of socialist bullshit . just because leithp is less of a wiki facsist is not a glowing statement either . the wikipedia concept is doomed to failure becuase we have so-called editors like yourself who edit the pages to satisfy yourselves . a real editor has knowldege of a particular subject matter , and is supervised by people to ensure fairness of content . the required registration solves no problem except less work for people like you , but still leaves an enormous creditability problem , which wiki has been recently exposed to have . so , have fun while you can , since this format is bullshit as far as a serious encyclopedia venue . go help sting save the rainforests moron ..
0.6479456
rdh i wouldnt be so proud to label youself a wiki facsist as you have no idea of what the original meaning is of that world that particular philiosophy caused millions of people to die and people who disagreed with them were put to death please read the wiki entry on facsists and how do you know that the orignal entry on a page with no corrobarting backup is factual information you adjust your meaning of factual information to fit your particular brand of socialist b u l l s h i t just because leithp is less of a wiki facsist is not a glowing statement either the wikipedia concept is doomed to failure becuase we have socalled editors like yourself who edit the pages to satisfy yourselves a real editor has knowldege of a particular subject matter and is supervised by people to ensure fairness of content the required registration solves no problem except less work for people like you but still leaves an enormous creditability problem which wiki has been recently exposed to have so have fun while you can since this format is bulslhit as far as a serious encyclopedia venue go help sting save the rainforests moron 
0.5927941
bullshit

:::::: we can all tailor hypotheticals to fit our arguments , but they are irrelevant , practical application is the real test . in regards to islam , it is a vicious and wicked faith , and it is against all bounds of human logic , in islam , a woman bearing her hair is haram , but her husband beating her up is halal , does this not defy human logic ? do unto others as you would have them do unto you is the oldest part of morality , it is a code to live by , if it is removed then simply in moral terms you can do what you like to people . islam is a vicious and wicked faith , and mo was a vicious and wicked man . i will keep on fighting against islam .
0.3271502
we can all tailor hypotheticals to fit our arguments but they are irrelevant practical application is the real test in regards to islam it is a v i c i o u s and wicked faith and it is against all bounds of human logic in islam a woman bearing her hair is haram but her husband beating her up is halal does this not defy human logic do unto others as you would have them do unto you is the oldest part of morality it is a code to live by if it is removed then simply in moral terms you can do what you like to people islam is a yvicious and wicked faith and mo was a vicoius and wicked man i will keep on fighting against islam 
0.31166628
vicious

help ! someone has hacked into my account !
0.16655499
help someone has hacekd into my account 
0.06594309
hacked

= = tanakh / torah / old testament = = i noticed you had difficulty accepting category additions of old testament on several biblical articles . for christians we do not call it the torah or the tanakh . many christians would not know what these words mean . for those who do not follow those names i was placing categories that would make sense to christians . this was for navigation purposes . i see no problem in having the additional categories . i also noticed that you might you might be considering my changes vandalism . it is unfortunate that you would think that . my efforts are pure and true and i don't see how any of my changes could be vandalism . it was my understanding that wikipedia was meant for all people of all faiths and understandings . by not allowing christians the proper category to navigate through articles you are denying us that privilege . thank you for you time .
0.04286937
tanakh torah old testament i noticed you had difficulty accepting category additions of old testament on several biblical articles for christians we do not call it the torah or the tanakh many christians would not know what these words mean for those who do not follow those names i was placing categories that would make sense to christians this was for navigation purposes i see no problem in having the additional categories i also noticed that you might you might be considering my changes bandalism it is unfortunate that you would think that my efforts are pure and true and i dont see how any of my changes could be vandalsim it was my understanding that wikipedia was meant for all people of all faiths and understandings by not allowing christians the proper category to navigate through articles you are denying us that privilege thank you for you time 
0.029336607
vandalism

december 2005 ( utc ) : hellooo , macheath , who's a good girl ? what pic can i post , geogre ? oh , hey , this pretty little sunflower mac is the nearest thing i've got to a pet . note the baby loudspeaker on its own leash . checking out august strindberg ... oh dear ... sunflower , attack ! there are some extremely dubious assertions , that could certainly do with citing . who says strindberg criticized his contemporary gender roles as unjust ? hard-ly . and he was an anarchist ? i don't think so . guess what ? the swedish version , which was much inferior to this one a year ago , is now much better . it's a featured article , and looks , from a speedread , to deserve it . hmm . maybe i should expand and improve ... oh , yeah , swedish 19th c literature , that's got to be the one thing that would bore an anglophone readership more than restoration drama . brilliant . | 21:59 , 28
0.090879776
december 2005 utc hellooo macheath whos a good girl what pic can i post geogre oh hey this pretty little sunflower mac is the nearest thing ive got to a pet note the baby loudspeaker on its own leash checking out august strindberg oh dear sunflower attack there are some extremely dubious assertions that could certainly do with citing who says strindberg criticized his contemporary gender roles as unjust hardly and he was an anarchist i dont think so guess what the swedish version which was much inefrior to this one a year ago is now much better its a featured article and looks from a speedread to deserve it hmm maybe i should expand and improve oh yeah swedish 19th c literature thats got to be the one thing that would bore an anglophone readership more than restoration drama brilliant 2159 28 
0.05476446
inferior

you ask me not to post on your page and the you go and post on mine . keep your pedofile self , off of my page . go back to your child-love talking points , and kiddie porn .
0.73981357
you ask me not to post on your page and the you go and post on mine keep your pedofile self off of my page go back to your childlove talking points and kiddie pron 
0.700477
porn

bravo sandra ss !!!!!!! finally the voice of reason !!! i would only make * one * tiny correction ... that can be fully verified ( even via their own sites ) the other registries did not start 10 years ago .. .. if i recall correctly , the now defunct issdc/r started in 1998 , and closed shop in 2000 ? since that time the other registries were formed by various breeders that could not agree with each other . the * new * issdc was not started until the summer of 2004 .
0.06220331
bravo sandra ss finally the voice of reason i would only make one tiny correction that can be fully verified even via their own sites the other registries did not start 10 years ago if i recall correctly the now defunct issdcr started in 1998 and clsoed shop in 2000 since that time the other registries were formed by various breeders that could not agree with each other the new issdc was not started until the summer of 2004 
0.0115079535
closed

= = about my copyright violation = = sorry , but i don’t know what are you talking about . my only bigger adds to the republic of macedonia article are these : , . i added very little text and 3 pictures made by myself . i also did another edits after that , but that was done in order to incorporate the pictures in the article ( these edits are marked with bolded “ m ” because are minor edits ) . my last one was on 27 december 2005 in 14:48 . since then , i didn’t make any new edits to the page ! i also noticed large copyvios adds to the page and made the following observation on the article talk page :
0.024920322
about my copyright violtaion sorry but i don’t know what are you talking about my only bigger adds to the republic of macedonia article are these i added very little text and 3 pictures made by myself i also did another edits after that but that was done in order to incorporate the pictures in the article these edits are marked with bolded “ m ” because are minor edits my last one was on 27 december 2005 in 1448 since then i didn’t make any new edits to the page i also noticed large copyvios adds to the page and made the following observation on the article talk page 
0.013812677
violation

= = edit summaries = = hey , i saw the spelling change you made on the mighty mighty bosstones article - it's a good catch . though in the future , can you enter an edit summary so we can quickly see what you did without looking at the diff ?
0.027360585
edit summaries hey i saw the spelling change you made on the mighty mighty bosstones article its a good catch though in the future can you entre an edit summary so we can quickly see what you did without looking at the diff 
0.025639258
enter

= = npov = = justifications for page move and copyedit : #title pov and inaccurate - loophole implies an unnecessary value judgment , and if there is a loophole , it is a loophole in uk vat legislation and not a ci loophole at all . #article biased by seeming to assume that the uk vat situation was normal and the ci situation an exception . #article appeared to imply that uk company complaints were justified hopefully the rewrite presents a more balanced view .
0.02617312
npov justifications for page move and copyedit title pov and inaccurate loophole implies an unnecessary value judgment and if there is a loophole it is a loophole in uk vat legislation and not a ci loophole at all article biasde by seeming to assume that the uk vat situation was normal and the ci situation an exception article appeared to imply that uk company complaints were justified hopefully the rewrite presents a more balanced view 
0.016443063
biased

