nonsense , as shown to you in irc .
0.24050874
nosnense as shown to you in irc 
0.06401237
nonsense

please keep in mind that the verifiability accuracy of the information is what is at issue here . this is not a pissing match .
0.40889084
please keep in mind that the verifiability accuracy of the information is what is at issue here this is not a ipssing match 
0.042964716
pissing

i have already answered any points i understood that you have made and i do not understand what you mean by besides i meant , the absolute authocratic monarchy was the basis for monotheistic model of the universe .
0.022561219
i have already answered any points i understood that you have made and i do not understand what you mean by besides i meant the basolute authocratic monarchy was the basis for monotheistic model of the universe 
0.015414519
absolute

i have seen people who have done far worse things things then myslef , only to have a blind eye turned to them or a slap on the writs . you have also wnet aginst your only policy by imposing this ban with out even an arbs com decision , which only goes to show that thei is no structue that works here and the the real power rest in the admins who serve as judge jury and exctionicure , by keeping me blcok you have also reused to try to engage me in any kind of defence aginst the blatent violitaions of blocking that has been permited .
0.13569255
i have seen people who have done far worse things things then myslef only to have a blind eye turned to them or a salp on the writs you have also wnet aginst your only policy by imposing this ban with out even an arbs com decision which only goes to show that thei is no structue that works here and the the real power rest in the admins who serve as judge jury and exctionicure by keeping me blcok you have also reused to try to engage me in any kind of defence aginst the blatent violitaions of blocking that has been permited 
0.12694283
slap

= = h's p , again = = thanks for your kind words sam . i leaft a link on the discussion for h's p which is the clearest most complete analysis available . i keep an eye on things from the exterior , and the guy who noted on my rfc that things don't link , would find they link still less now . it is almost comic how it's effected . really though i don't like the idea of hopping thru the german sections and nazi sections and all that , but it will have to be done unless we abdicate altogether . i can only suggest you read that link , such that you will understand . even jimbo said that there's no point in persuading those who don't want to hear , and i don't retain such an illusion . i put the link for the rest of you - i suggest it be edited as minimally as possible and used to correct all the relevant articles , hitler , weimar , popes , magnates . as to str missing me and wanting to find me - i left word at the start of all this on wp , in case i'd be missed . as you well know , every hair is counted in time , especially in india .
0.07465057
hs p again thanks for your kind words sam i leaft a link on the discussion for hs p which is the clearest most complete analysis available i keep an eye on things from the exterior and the guy who noted on my rfc that things dont link would find they link still less now it is almost comic how its effected really though i dont like the idea of hopping thru the german sections and naiz sections and all that but it will have to be done unless we abdicate altogether i can only suggest you read that link such that you will understand even jimbo said that theres no point in persuading those who dont want to hear and i dont retain such an illusion i put the link for the rest of you i suggest it be edited as minimally as possible and used to correct all the relevant articles hitler weimar popes magnates as to str missing me and wanting to find me i left word at the start of all this on wp in case id be missed as you well know every hair is counted in time especially in india 
0.06451677
nazi

: wrong . the caption is not pov . you obviously jumped the gun , because i was still writing my explanation of the revert when you sent me a note . read my comments in the discusion .
0.12373016
wrong the caption is not pov you obviously jumped the ugn because i was still writing my explanation of the revert when you sent me a note read my comments in the discusion 
0.077416904
gun

= = wikipedia : articles for deletion/mugglecast = = hee - edit conflict there : me asking for citation , you making the move . i've got some links on my talk page that a contributor provided ( see a few up from your post ) but i'm trying to nurse her along to put them in herself . i'm on very weak delete based upon what she's given but i'd still like to see that smidge more , since i'm wroking on the proposed wp : web i'd like to follow it . is that unreasonable of me ?
0.09917773
wikipedia articles for deletionmugglecast hee edit conflict there me asking for citation you making the move ive got some links on my talk page that a contributor provided see a few up from your post but im trying to nurse her along to put them in herself im on very ewak delete based upon what shes given but id still like to see that smidge more since im wroking on the proposed wp web id like to follow it is that unreasonable of me 
0.06937359
weak

= = wikilawyering = = if the article really was drafted for my benefit , it would be flattering more than anyting else . cheers .
0.092455655
wiiklawyering if the article really was drafted for my benefit it would be flattering more than anyting else cheers 
0.028990857
wikilawyering

: it's unfortunate that you applaud his work so quickly without checking its accuracy . as the results on user : kelly martin's use of edits summaries show quite clearly , durin's analysis is usually precise but not always accurate .
0.024951521
its unofrtunate that you applaud his work so quickly without checking its accuracy as the results on user kelly martins use of edits summaries show quite clearly durins analysis is usually precise but not always accurate 
0.022715032
unfortunate

= = cattle chosen = = also , the fact that the cattle chose the location of cattle chosen is stretching the truth somewhat . john garrett bussell chose the location after thoroughly exploring the area . a cow ( named yulika ) went missing from their old location on the blackwood river shortly before they relocated . they assumed the cow was lost forever , but it turned up at their new location shortly after they did . the point of the name was that the cow had wandered off because the feed at their old location was poor , and had ended up at their new location because the feed was better . |
0.07294091
cattle chosen also the fact that the cattle chose the location of cattle chosen is stretching the truth somewhat john garrett bussell chose the location after thoroughly exploring the area a hcow named yulika went missing from their old location on the blackwood river shortly before they relocated they assumed the cw was lost forever but it turned up at their new location shortly after they did the point of the name was that the ocw had wandered off because the feed at their old location was poor and had ended up at their new location because the feed was better 
0.03831585
cow

= = you are a cunt = = so how about a blowjob ?
0.9064153
you are a cutn so how about a blowjob 
0.77799183
cunt

:: yeah i guess . actually , i am not really sure what happend there , and there actually no edit conflict message on my screen when i saved my edit . the servers are acting a bit strange today . i just restored the information that i added there , and hopefully nothing has been lost now .
0.055166133
yeah i guess actually i am not really sure what happend there and there actually no edit conflict message on my screen when i saved my edit the servers are acting a bit strange today i just restored the information that i added there and hopefully nothing has been lots now 
0.046113655
lost

:: seeing as you're my mentor , i just wanted to ask if you could npov the article or something , ' cause right now it says she's a sex symbol and that just seems like the kind of comment you'd expect from a magazine article . ' nuff said .
0.2715851
seeing as youre my mentor i just wanted to ask if you could npov the article or something cause right now it says shes a esx symbol and that just seems like the kind of comment youd expect from a magazine article nuff said 
0.091753826
sex

= = apology = = point taken dmcdevit . i apologise for taking the bait on the article and hopefully will refrain from it in future . the lock on the article is a positive but temporary step . we will never actually get a common view amongst us as the arguments are not being accepted . can we get a mediation or something similar going to get a common ground without any bias ?
0.056483746
apology point taken dmcdevit i apologise for taking the bati on the article and hopefully will refrain from it in future the lock on the article is a positive but temporary step we will never actually get a common view amongst us as the arguments are not being accepted can we get a mediation or something similar going to get a common ground without any bias 
0.05590911
bait

: i've changed this to emigrated or were expelled , which closely follows the wording in the article linked to - jewish exodus from arab lands . that article would seem a more logical place to seek wording than a treatment of nakba : to suggest that the same sort of wording should be used for two different events without any rationale is a bit peculiar . however , it's clearly true that many of these jews did flee . perhaps there is some better way of phrasing it , without sacrificing accuracy . i agree with the commenting out of the speculative sentences about illegal immigrants . |
0.050321616
ive changed this to emigrated or were expelled which closely follows the wording in the article linked to jewish exodus from arab lands that article would seem a more logical place to seek wording than a treatment of nakba to suggest that the same sort of wording should be used for two different events without any rationale is a bit peculiar however its clearly true that many of these jwes did flee perhaps there is some better way of phrasing it without sacrificing accuracy i agree with the commenting out of the speculative sentences about illegal immigrants 
0.023832105
jews

