= = your welcome = = you deserve to have a lot of barnstars for your amazing work here . you should be thenking yourself for it and not me . have a nice week and god bless .
0.09743541
your welcome you deesrve to have a lot of barnstars for your amazing work here you should be thenking yourself for it and not me have a nice week and god bless 
0.08390495
deserve

= = sorry but learning as i go = = hey machan i now knw it is notacceptable . i am new to wiki and only grabbin the concept . please look over the edited article futuresinhala and make chnages if neccessary . if required even remove my name . i went to the page u asked me and voted . read dat if u can .
0.07849084
sorry but learning as i og hey machan i now knw it is notacceptable i am new to wiki and only grabbin the concept please look over the edited article futuresinhala and make chnages if neccessary if required even remove my name i went to the page u asked me and voted read dat if u can 
0.07647879
go

= = development = = prior to the game's release , series ' creator and producer shinji mikami was quoted stating that he wanted to retain the numeral progression for resident evil sequels debuting on playstation platforms , while installments debuting on other platforms would bear subtitles instead ( note that this was prior to mikami's decision to market the series to the gamecube exlusively ) . this is going to need a source as mikami has said numerous times in interviews that the game was renamed from re3 to cv not many months before release by capcom despite his protests . it wasn't his decision .
0.02067065
development prior to the games release series creator and producer shinji mikami was quoted stating that he wanted to retain the numeral progression for resident evli sequels debuting on playstation platforms while installments debuting on other platforms would bear subtitles instead note that this was prior to mikamis decision to market the series to the gamecube exlusively this is going to need a source as mikami has said numerous times in interviews that the game was renamed from re3 to cv not many months before release by capcom despite his protests it wasnt his decision 
0.013002327
evil

= = tropical cyclones wikiproject newsletter #8 = = the january issue of the wikiproject tropical cyclones newsletter is now available . if you wish to receive the full newsletter or no longer be informed of the release of future editions , please add your username to the appropriate section on the mailing list . anion
0.0058572865
tropical cyclones wikiproject newsletter 8 the january issue of the wikiproject tropical cyclones newsletter is now available if you wish to receive the full newsletter or no longer eb informed of the release of future editions please add your username to the appropriate section on the mailing list anion 
0.0031175534
be

= = you obnoxious piece of shit = = why are you homosexuals always such viscious little fascists ?
0.9614885
you obnoxious piece of siht why are you homosexuals always such viscious little fascists 
0.92177135
shit

= = tibet = = nat krause , you have made deletions in the discussion of tibet , stating the reason as ' irrelevance ' . if you wish to delete one side's response to a pov first raised by the other side as ' irrelevant ' , then please also delete the other side's pov as irrelevant . dorje000 claimed post-mao china is raping tibet for its resources , it is perfectly legitimate to ask what he/she actually meant . dorje000 also clearly stated the land known as tibet was being juggled by the entire china and britain , and at no time was the ' tibetans ' in charge , so that point had to be clarified . let's face it , britain had no business for being in tibet , britain is on the other side of the world . it is quite clear that your stance is anti-chinese , however if you want to be an editor , you have to suppress your natural prejudices and allow a npov to be reached .
0.28536195
tibet nat krause you have made deletions in the discussion of tibet stating the reason as irrelevance if you wish to delete one sides response to a pov first raised by the other side as irrelevant then please also delete the other sides pov as irrelevant dorje000 claimed postmao china is rpaing tibet for its resources it is perfectly legitimate to ask what heshe actually meant dorje000 also clearly stated the land known as tibet was being juggled by the entire china and britain and at no time was the tibetans in charge so that point had to be clarified lets face it britain had no business for being in tibet britain is on the other side of the world it is quite clear that your stance is antichinese however if you want to be an editor you have to suppress your natural prejudices and allow a npov to be reached 
0.14988838
raping

i gave three sources on the talk page . but i will restate my post on your talk page . the proper tracklisting should read as follows : # thriller # the take over , the breaks over # this ain't a scene , it's an arms race - 3:32 # i'm like a lawyer with the way i'm always trying to get you off ( me & you ) # hum hallelujah # golden # thnks fr th mmrs # the ( after ) life of the party # the carpal tunnel of love - 3:23 # bang the doldrums # fame < infamy # you're crashing , but you're no wave # i've got all this ringing in my ears and one on my fingers confirmed at someone should fix it , because the information on the page is currently false .
0.20766932
i gave three sources on the talk page but i will restate my post on your talk page the proper tracklisting should read as follows thriller the take over the breaks over this aint a scene its an arms race 332 im like a lawyer with the way im always trying to get you off me you hum hallelujah golden thnks fr th mmrs the after life of the party the carpal tunnel of love 323 bang the doldrums fame nifamy youre crashing but youre no wave ive got all this ringing in my ears and one on my fingers confirmed at someone should fix it because the information on the page is currently false 
0.17319584
infamy

::: by povish titles typical communist logic ! 90% is against your idea - this is subjective view ! this is povish in wikipedia standards ! 10% supports your idea - this is objective ! this is neutral ! this is npov !! leave aside britannica , leave aside the western democracies , leave aside the international law and lawyers - a communist tyrant and current russian rulers disagree with the - ergo it should be removed ! -
0.21419115
by povish titles typical communist logic 90 is against your idea this is subjective view this is povish in wikipedia standards 10 supports your idea this is objective this is neutral this is npov leave aside britannica leave aside the western democracies leave aside the international law and lawyers a communist tyarnt and current russian rulers disagree with the ergo it should be removed 
0.14774439
tyrant

thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do . take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.011039097
thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it hsa been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.010487523
has

you do realise the pat robertson article includes commentary on the 700 club , seriusly stop violating wp : point
0.109493166
you do realise the pat robertson article includes commentary on the 700 club seriusly stop violtaing wp point 
0.09716815
violating

and welcome to wikipedia ! hope you like it here , and stick around . here are some tips to help you get started : * to sign your posts ( on talk pages , for example ) use the ' ~ ' symbol . to insert just your name , type ~~~ ( 3 tildes ) , or , to insert your name and timestamp , use ~~~~ ( 4 tildes ) . * try the tutorial , and feel free to experiment in the test area . * if you need help , post a question at the help desk * follow the wikipedia : simplified ruleset * eventually , you might want to read the manual of style and policies and guidelines . * remember wikipedia : neutral point of view * explore , be bold in editing pages , and , most importantly , have fun ! good luck !
0.0061756256
and welcome to wikipedia hope you like it here and sitck around here are some tips to help you get started to sign your posts on talk pages for example use the symbol to insert just your name type 3 tildes or to insert your name and timestamp use 4 tildes try the tutorial and feel free to experiment in the test area if you need help post a question at the help desk follow the wikipedia simplified ruleset eventually you might want to read the manual of style and policies and guidelines remember wikipedia neutral point of view explore be bold in editing pages and most importantly have fun good luck 
0.0026645013
stick

= = hey = = whatsup ? how is abigail doing ?
0.08175655
hey whatsup how si abigail doing 
0.025386013
is

= = not enough edits for angela = = unfortunately we never even dove into the consolation prizes . 50,000 edits wow thats impressive someone is a little preoccupied . so fo playing so hard but giving so little you will be given an official barn award the sequel . sorry but we accept winners not losers try harder to be a winner not a loser . sorry but red links don't give happiness they take away .
0.21974698
not enough edits for angela unfortunately we never even dove into the consolation prizes 50000 edits wow thats impressive someone is a little preoccupied so fo playing so hard but giving so little you will be given an official barn award the sequel sorry but we accept winners not losers try harder to be a winner not a loesr sorry but red links dont give happiness they take away 
0.12958245
loser

