might just have made an innocent mistake , maybe out of a misunderstanding of copyright rules ? :: i am sorry that you yet again jump to conclusions ( as previously sideing me with secretlondon ) . i try and edit images to correct tags . i also asked you nicely about the copyright on the breast image . if i have wrongly entered orphaned images on to the delete list it is because i simply concentrate on images . you are correct , that i did target a lot of your images , but i don't think i changed their tags inappropriately . i ask you to please stop being so negative and using personal attacks . this is not an attack against you . file an rfc if you like .
0.09795435
might just have made an innocent mistake maybe out of a misunderstanding of copyright rules i am sorry that you yet again jump to conclusions as previously sideing me with secretlondon i try and edit images to correct tags i also asked you nicely about the copyright on the breast image if i have wrongly entered orphaned images on to the delete list it is because i simply concentrate on images you are correct that i did target a lot of your images but i dont think i changed their tags inappropriately i ask you to please stop being so negatiev and using personal attacks this is not an attack against you file an rfc if you like 
0.08445626
negative

:: i'm not happy fighting vandals . -) i was going to add one of those because this was the first time i had seen a repeater . but there was no talk in the page history and when i clicked on the ip address , there was no discussion page , so i didn't see any way to do it . i don't see any point in having 4 or so warning levels . one warning should be all they get .
0.096268564
im not happy fighting vadnals i was going to add one of those because this was the first time i had seen a repeater but there was no talk in the page history and when i clicked on the ip address there was no discussion page so i didnt see any way to do it i dont see any point in having 4 or so warning levels one warning should be all they get 
0.046824716
vandals

= = organization = = to me it seems that the reaction information and the military information should be on seperate pages and the first title shouldn't be chemical explosives because it is implied by explosive materials ; all material explosions are chemical .
0.04499503
organization to me it seems that the reaction information and the imlitary information should be on seperate pages and the first title shouldnt be chemical explosives because it is implied by explosive materials all material explosions are chemical 
0.03966752
military

= = cat question = = hi . a recent comment seems to imply that others who happen by your question have a responsibility to know the answer , or otherwise respond . the question might be better posed though at a cat forum , or maybe google answers . article talk pages , by wikipedia guideline , tend to stay directly related to the articles , not just the general subjects of the articles . that may be why nobody's answering , but i dunno ; questions can sometimes sit for days before somebody answers , since many wikipedians visit infrequently .
0.016930612
cat question hi a recent comment seems to imply that others who happen by your question have a responsibility to know the answer or otherwise respond the question might be better posed though at a cat forum or maybe google answers article talk pages by wikipedia guideline tend to stay directly related to the articles not just the general subjects of the articles that may be why nobodys answering but i dunno questions can sometimes sti for days before somebody answers since many wikipedians visit infrequently 
0.012662911
sit

2005 ( utc ) : some ordinary layperson . do they dip you guild boys in some sort of magical arrogance potion when they hand you your license to ill ? it's a disease , apparently . 16:56 , 9 september
0.3532763
2005 utc some ordinary layperson do they dip you guild boys in some sort of magical arroagnce potion when they hand you your license to ill its a disease apparently 1656 9 september 
0.15937036
arrogance

:: maybe you have it the wrong way around .
0.08486106
maybe you have it the rwong way around 
0.06867307
wrong

= = = warcraftborganization = = = hey , thanks for catching that . i had actually lost the page when moving it off my talk page and was looking for it when you put it in the right place . so , thanks again ! -
0.08088485
warcraftborganization hey thanks for catching that i had actually lost the page when moving it off my talk page and was looking for it when you put it in the right lpace so thanks again 
0.071820095
place

::::: things don't have real names that exist independently of what people call them . anarcho-capitalism is by far the most commonly used unambiguous description for what we're talking about here , so that's what we call it . also , you really think anarcho-capitalism sounds sexy , moreso than radical capitalism ? neither term sounds appealing at all . you really kind of impeach your good judgment a little by making such a claim . -
0.15687814
things dont have real names that exist independently of what people call them anarchocapitalism is by far the most commonly used unambiguous description for what were talking about here so thats what we call it also you really think anarchocapitalism sounds esxy moreso than radical capitalism neither term sounds appealing at all you really kind of impeach your good judgment a little by making such a claim 
0.12992153
sexy

: rsimpson states here that karate is not japanese . this is wrong to say . anyway , it is wrong to say it in this black-and-white view . of course karate has its roots in older chinese martial arts , going back as far as the old shaolin temple . should it be said then that karate is chinese ??? of course not . karate is a japanese martial art , with roots in older chinese martial arts . japanese ( actually okinawan ) masters of the 19th and early 20th century have changed the art into a new , modern fighting art , just as languages change , like bihal writes : french is a french language . french does have its roots in italy ( latin ) , but it is not an italian language ! there's no doubt about that , so why doubt the fact that ( the modern ) karate is japanese ?
0.06726416
rsimpson states here that karate is not japanese this is wrng to say anyway it is rwong to say it in this blackandwhite view of course karate has its roots in older chinese martial arts going back as far as the old shaolin temple should it be said then that karate is chinese of course not karate is a japanese martial art with roots in older chinese martial arts japanese actually okinawan masters of the 19th and early 20th century have changed the art into a new modern fighting art just as languages change like bihal writes french is a french language french does have its roots in italy latin but it is not an italian language theres no doubt about that so why doubt the fact that the modern karate is japanese 
0.024027167
wrong

= = and now , a queen break = = innuendo words and music by queen while the sun hangs in the sky and the desert has sand while the waves crash in the sea and meet the land while there's a wind and the stars and the rainbow till the mountains crumble into the plain oh yes we'll keep on tryin ' tread that fine line oh we'll keep on tryin yeah just passing our time while we live according to race , colour or creed while we rule by blind madness and pure greed our lives dictated by tradition , superstition , false religion through the eons , and on and on oh yes we'll keep on tryin ' we'll tread that fine line oh oh we'll keep on tryin ' till the end of time till the end of time through the sorrow all through our splendour don't take offence at my innuendo you can be anything you want to be just turn yourself into anything you think that you could ever be be free with your tempo be free be free surrender your ego be free be free to yourself oooh ooh if there's a god or any kind of justice under the sky if there's a point if there's a reason to live or die if there's an answer to the questions we feel bound to ask show yourself - destroy our fears - release your mask oh yes we'll keep on trying hey tread that fine line yeah we'll keep on smiling yeah ( yeah yeah ) and whatever will be will be we'll keep on trying we'll just keep on trying till the end of time till the end of time till the end of time
0.2409326
and now a queen break innuendo words and music by queen while the sun hangs in the sky and the desert has sand while the waves crash in the sea and meet the land while theres a wind and the stars and the rainbow till the mountains crumble into the plain oh yes well keep on tryin tread that fine line oh well keep on tryin yeah just passing our time while we live according to race colour or creed while we rule by blind madness and pure greed our lives dictated by tradition superstition false religion through the eons and on and on oh yes well keep on tryin well tread that fine line oh oh well keep on tryin till the end of time till the end of time through the sorrow all through our splendour dont take offence at my innuendo you can be anything you want to be just turn yourself into anything you think that you could ever be be free with your tempo be free be free surrender your ego be free be free to yourself oooh ooh if theres a god or any kind of justice under the sky if theres a point if theres a reason to live or ide if theres an answer to the questions we feel bound to ask show yourself destroy our fears release your mask oh yes well keep on trying hey tread that fine line yeah well keep on smiling yeah yeah yeah and whatever will be will be well keep on trying well just keep on trying till the end of time till the end of time till the end of time 
0.23011862
die

= = name is not a pseudonym = = the man changed his name to the current name which is mark a . gabriel . so , mark a . gabriel is the new real name for this man . this is from the introduction page of islam and terrorism ; the name you see on the cover of this book is not the muslim name that was given to me by my parents in egypt . however , i would like to say that i have no desire to deceive muslims , christians or anyone else about my name in order to benefit my self . rather , i have chosen my name for the following reasons . reason #1 after i left egypt , i went to south africa and was discipled in christ there . when i began ministering to muslims in south africa , i became very well known by my muslim name . for four years radical muslims pursued me diligently . i had to hide all the time and change my residency from one city to another almost on a monthly basis . when i wrote my first book in south africa , my pastor and i discussed whether i should put my name on it . we decided to change my name for security reasons . reason #2 i was not comfortable living my christianity by a muslim name . i felt my muslim name was part of my old man . when a person called me by that name , it reminded me of my old life . i want to live by a christian name . choice of name i chose the first name of mark because mark was a writer of the gospels . mark was also the first christian who went to egypt with the good news . when jesus sent the seventy out from jerusalem , mark brought the gospel to the city of alexandria in egypt . i chose the last name of gabriel because gabriel was the angel who brought the good news of the coming of the messiah to the virgin mary . also this was the name of the first christian person i met in south africa who took me into his home and invited me to his church . this proves that this man is not a hoax , and is not more than one author . |
0.07765941
name is not a pseudonym the man changed his name to the current name which is mark a gabriel so mark a gabriel is the new real name for this man this is from the introduction page of islam and terrorism the name you see on the cover of this book is not the muslim name that was given to me by my parents in egypt however i would like to say that i have no desire to deceiev muslims christians or anyone else about my name in order to benefit my self rather i have chosen my name for the following reasons reason 1 after i left egypt i went to south africa and was discipled in christ there when i began ministering to muslims in south africa i became very well known by my muslim name for four years radical muslims pursued me diligently i had to hide all the time and change my residency from one city to another almost on a monthly basis when i wrote my first book in south africa my pastor and i discussed whether i should put my name on it we decided to change my name for security reasons reason 2 i was not comfortable living my christianity by a muslim name i felt my muslim name was part of my old man when a person called me by that name it reminded me of my old life i want to live by a christian name choice of name i chose the first name of mark because mark was a writer of the gospels mark was also the first christian who went to egypt with the good news when jesus sent the seventy out from jerusalem mark brought the gospel to the city of alexandria in egypt i chose the last name of gabriel because gabriel was the angel who brought the good news of the coming of the messiah to the virgin mary also this was the name of the first christian person i met in south africa who took me into his home and invited me to his church this proves that this man is not a hoax and is not more than one author 
0.053664166
deceive

: oh , i know why . you see , i was pointing out to linuxbeak that someone else hates him too . i just searched for linuxbeak on google , i didn't create that stuff .
0.30703238
oh i know why you see i was pointing out to linuxbeak that someone else hatse him too i just searched for linuxbeak on google i didnt create that stuff 
0.16026826
hates

= = you are in violation of wikipedia : civility = = since it has been months and you have refused to address it , i am soon going to take action through the appropriate channels in wikipedia . in wikipedia : civility it clearly states that you can't lie about users , such as outlined here ( in regard to my arbitration committee ruling ) . in the future , i suggest that if you make a ruling against someone , you don't simply make up dozens of claims against them out of thin air . the problem is that when you make them up , instead of reading through what the person said to try to spin what they've said , chances are you won't be able to find any supporting links as evidence . this was evidence by one of your more bold claims of cite your sources , where you provided zero ( 0 ) links as evidence . the fact that you couldn't come up with anything upon request on the mailing list doesn't help your case either ( you actually stopped replying completely once i very thoroughly outlined the many places i did cite sources ) . this really is your last chance to dig and find something . in case you're wondering , i was just kind of bored , which is why i didn't get around to this until now . in retrospect , i find the myriad of accusations ( lies ) you put with zero ( 0 ) supporting links to be appalling . if i remember correctly , you easily added over 75% of them personally .
0.10428005
you are in violation of wikipedia civility since it has been months and you have refused to address it i am soon going to take action through the appropriate channels in wikipedia in wikipedia civility it clearly states that you cant lie about users such as outlined here in regard to my arbitration committee ruling in the future i suggest that if you make a ruling against someone you dont simply make up dozens of claims against them out of thin air the problem is that when you make them up instead of reading through what the person said to try to spin what theyve said chances are you wont be able to find any supporting links as evidence this was evidence by one of your more bold claims of cite your sources where you provided zero 0 links as evidence the fact that you couldnt come up with anything upon request on the mailing list doesnt help your case either you actually stopped replying completely once i very thoroughly outlined the many places i did cite sources this really is your last chance to dig and find something in case youre wondering i was just kind of bored which is why i didnt get around to this until now in retrospect i find the myriad of accusations leis you put with zero 0 supporting links to be appalling if i remember correctly you easily added over 75 of them personally 
0.08847599
lies

= = re : suicide = = on a lighter note , raul is a fat prick .
0.8618217
re suicide on a lighter note raul is a aft prick 
0.75300187
fat

. please get documented before saying nonsensical assertions . '''
0.0797974
please get documented before saying nonsenscial assertions 
0.03227065
nonsensical

= = more bad faith = = i cited the bad faith acts of others . it was called a ad hominem . a ad hominem is an attack on a person . i cited actions . people's actions are not ad hominem . this was all deleted . i consider this act and act of bad faith . thank pjacobi for letting me know where you stand . i see you are adept at censoring too . i find this regrettable . kdbuffalo
0.28085348
more bad faith i cited the bad faith acts of others it was called a ad hominem a ad hominem is an attakc on a person i cited actions peoples actions are not ad hominem this was all deleted i consider this act and act of bad faith thank pjacobi for letting me know where you stand i see you are adept at censoring too i find this regrettable kdbuffalo 
0.21684591
attack

no , i am trying to be civil as possible . i will give proof to the show which is about dancing in a new york city nightclub or the lincoln center concert hall . does the police raid nightclubs ? i am not sure . 4.188.98.84
0.025357261
no i am trying to eb civil as possible i will give proof to the show which is about dancing in a new york city nightclub or the lincoln center concert hall does the police raid nightclubs i am not sure 41889884 
0.01593247
be

