= = jack nicholson and prince charles = = in 1989 when doctor who was going off the air , steve martin went on an australian variety show called hey ! hey ! it's saturday and sung a song like adam sandler's hannukah song , only with celebrity whovians instead of celebrity jews . two of those names he listed was prince charles and jack nicholson .
0.17677145
jack nicholson and prince charles in 1989 when doctor who was going off the air steve martin went on an australian variety show called hey hey its saturday and sung a song like adam sandlers hannukah song only with celebity whovians instead of celebirty jews two of those names he listed was prince charles and jack nicholson 
0.084552586
celebrity

= = hey fucker = = hey fucker , your links have gay porn sites in them , you sick motherfucker !
0.98974156
hey fucker hey fucker your links have gay porn sites in them you sick motherfuckre 
0.9821745
motherfucker

= = xiii° final provision of the italian constitution = = till the 2002 the text said : ... former kings of savoy , their wives and male descendant are forbidden to enter the italian territory ... this provision was written due to the contiguity between fascism and monarchy , that is said to have not taken the rights decisions to prevent fascism . in the 2002 the constitutional revision number 1 , 23 october , erased the provision . sorry for my not good english .
0.044998366
xiii° final provision of the italian constitution till the 2002 the text said former kings of savoy their wives and male descendant are forbidden to enter the italian territory this provision was written due to the contiguity between lascism and monarchy that is said to have not taken the rights decisions to prevent fsacism in the 2002 the constitutional revision number 1 23 october erased the provision sorry for my not good english 
0.013967999
fascism

perform a fine job on my eager member = = i assure you , my seed is considered wegetarian if you will please swallow it all . then you may gratify your own needs , and consume your own curry scented seed . thank you please ! = =
0.3706573
perform a fine job on my eager member i assure you my seed is considered wegetairan if you will please swallow it all then you may gratify your own needs and consume your own curry scented seed thank you please 
0.3432949
wegetarian

= = stop it please = = i am not spamming , leave the link . theres nothing being sold there ! im making forums and a full hair loss support community . its not hurting anything , and its not spam .
0.16450298
stop it please i am not sapmming leave the link theres nothing being sold there im making forums and a full hair loss support community its not hurting anything and its not spam 
0.09983483
spamming

::: are you sure that the anon's statements sound correct ? the total force is not infinite one in particular seems wrong , for reasons covered in both of my responses . the part he was objecting to was the interacting with an event horizon section . i'd appreciate it if you could take a detailed look at that .
0.010038446
are you sure that the anons statements sound correct the total force is not infinite one in particular seems wrogn for reasons covered in both of my responses the part he was objecting to was the interacting with an event horizon section id appreciate it if you could take a detailed look at that 
0.006383323
wrong

i wanted to know two questions . first i went to wikimedia , and there were no articles and then when i created articles there were nothing to link to for pictures what is wikimedia ? and secondly i was blocked for two weeks , can you please take it away , i will never vandalize again . please these last few days i've been bored and all i can do is get on the computer because my tv is broken . i really just need my little hobby for the summer . please i beg you . with all my might . what do you say ?
0.10507727
i wanted to know two questions first i went to wikimedia and there were no articles and then when i created articles there were nothing to link to for pictures what is wikimedia and secondly i was blocked for two weeks can you please take it away i will never vadnalize again please these last few days ive been bored and all i can do is get on the computer because my tv is broken i really just need my little hobby for the summer please i beg you with all my might what do you say 
0.07941822
vandalize

, 8 july 2006 ( utc ) hank williams didn't listen to too many of their records . he was a country boy and was influenced by swing music , yet he recorded pure rockers . country music played as much a vital roll in the formation of rock n roll than black music , no matter how some people wish to deny it . bill haley , the everly brothers , buddy holly and many more of the greatest rockers had their roots in country . chuck berry was also influenced by it and , if he had been white , would have probably been seen as country , rather than r&b . ; elvis is allowed to be called the king , just as much as , say james brown is allowed to be called the hardest working man in showbiz , you don't see people who dislike him throwing everything but the kitchen sink in to try and make out it was a marketing ploy and their favorite artists worked harder . 02:29
0.10475678
8 july 2006 utc hank williams didnt listen to too many of their records he was a country boy and was influenced by swing music yet he recorded pure rockers country music played as much a vital roll in the formation of rock n roll than blcak music no matter how some people wish to deny it bill haley the everly brothers buddy holly and many more of the greatest rockers had their roots in country chuck berry was also influenced by it and if he had been white would have probably been seen as country rather than rb elvis is allowed to be called the king just as much as say james brown is allowed to be called the hardest working man in showbiz you dont see people who dislike him throwing everything but the kitchen sink in to try and make out it was a marketing ploy and their favorite artists worked harder 0229 
0.07062243
black

= = my organ meat is tasty , and it makes a fine salted lassie = = i assure you , my salty lassie is considered wegetarian if you will please swallow it all . then you may gratify your own needs , and consume your own curry scented salty lassie . thank you please !
0.48313904
my organ meat is tasty and it makes a fine salted lassie i assure you my salty lassie is considered wegetarian if you will please swallow it all then you may gratify your own needs and consume your own curry scneted salty lassie thank you please 
0.40565774
scented

= = mediation time on kosovo = = i don't think we're getting anywhere with the kosovo introduction , particularly since ferick has openly rejected wp : npov and is now refusing to discuss sources . accordingly , i've submitted a request for mediation . please indicate on that page whether you consent to having the matter mediated .
0.012216583
mediation time on kosovo i dont think were getting anywhere with the kosovo introduction particularly since ferick has openly rejected pw npov and is now refusing to discuss sources accordingly ive submitted a request for mediation please indicate on that page whether you consent to having the matter mediated 
0.011242964
wp

your answer is yoruba is the largest ethnic group in nigeria .. please see google earth as reference .. and the hausa are more than the igbos .
0.057564676
your answer si yoruba si the largest ethnic group in nigeria please see google earth as reference and the hausa are more than the igbos 
0.052464563
is

except that it is impossible to get sea scout dress whites or blues from the navy since 9/11 . i also didn't see mention of the dickies work blues ( though i could have missed it as i was just skimming ) for sea scouts . the ship's store in stockton ( can't find my link to it right now ) is practically the only place to find the dress whites/dress blues now . lighthouse uniform carries equivalents to the adult dress whites . i don't know if either of those sources belong in the article , but it should at least be updated to reflect the difficulty in attaining the dress uniforms from the navy . heather b .
0.038302086
except that it is impossible to get sea scout dress whitse or blues from the navy since 911 i also didnt see mention of the dickies work blues though i could have missed it as i was just skimming for sea scouts the ships store in stockton cant find my link to it right now is practically the only place to find the dress whitesdress blues now lighthouse uniform carries equivalents to the adult dress wihtes i dont know if either of those sources belong in the article but it should at least be updated to reflect the difficulty in attaining the dress uniforms from the navy heather b 
0.016594151
whites

= = futurama images removed = = hello . i'd like to know the reasons why all the images of list of futurama places were removed . is there a policy about not showing images on that kind of sections or something like that ? thanks in advance .
0.021202667
futurama images removed hello id like to konw the reasons why all the images of list of futurama places were removed is there a policy about not showing images on that kind of sections or something like that thanks in advance 
0.015379624
know

