welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are a few good links for newcomers : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . again , welcome ! / = = external links = = please do not add commercial links ( or links to your own private websites ) to wikipedia . wikipedia is not a vehicle for advertising or a mere collection of external links . you are , however , encouraged to add content instead of links to the encyclopaedia . if you feel the link should be added to the article please discuss it on the article's talk page rather than re-adding it . see the welcome page to learn more about wikipedia . thanks . /
0.009460697
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here are a few good links for newcomers the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions again welcome external links please do not add commercial links or links to your won private websites to wikipedia wikipedia is not a vehicle for advertising or a mere collection of external links you are however encouraged to add content instead of links to the encyclopaedia if you feel the link should be added to the article please discuss it on the articles talk page rather than readding it see the welcome page to learn more about wikipedia thanks 
0.009080115
own

, 7 june 2006 ( utc ) :: i'm pretty sure he did not . anyway the fact is dindane had a reputation of falling easily in the rectangle ( which was not true ) and de bleeckere forgot to whistle several penalties for anderlecht when dindane was being assaulted . good luck for wc . 17:57
0.03567367
7 june 2006 utc im pretty sure he did not anyway the fact is dindane had a reputation of falling easily in the rectangle which was not true and de bleeckere forgot to whistle several penalties for anderlecht when dindane was being assautled good luck for wc 1757 
0.019729126
assaulted

= = loumurru = = i wanted to let you know about the status of the article you created . a tag has been placed on loumurru , requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia . this has been done because the article seems to be a biographical account about a person , group of people , or band , but it does not indicate how or why he/she/they is/are notable . if you can indicate why loumurru is really notable , i advise you to edit the article promptly , and also put a note on talk : loumurru . any admin should check for such edits before deleting the article . feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this . please read our criteria for speedy deletion , particularly item 7 under articles . you might also want to read our general biography criteria . please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself . to contest the tagging and request that admins should wait a while for you to assert his/her/their notability , please affix the template to the page , and then immediately add such an assertion . it is also a very good idea to add citations from reliable sources to ensure that your article will be verifiable . regards ,
0.03328774
lomuurru i wanted to let you know about the status of the article you created a tag has been placed on toumurru requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia this has been done because the article seems to be a biographical account about a person group of people or band but it does not indicate how or why heshethey isare notable if you can indicate why loumsurru is really notable i advise you to edit the article promptly and also put a note on talk luomurru any admin should check for such edits before deleting the article feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this please read our criteria for speedy deletion particularly item 7 under articles you might also want to read our general biography criteria please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself to contest the tagging and request that admins should wait a while for you to assert hishertheir notability please affix the template to the page and then immediately add such an assertion it is also a very good idea to add citations from reliable sources to ensure that your article will be verifiable regards 
0.026270848
loumurru

:: i don't object to removing it as unsourced pov . i do object to all the other unsourced pov in the article . for example : :: * disemvoweling has since turned out to be a surprisingly effective tool for maintaining order in online venues . for some reason , the fact that their text is still present , even in severely altered form , seems to baffle trolls ' normal impulses . :: how do we know this ? i think the article should be heavily trimmed . there's too much editorializing . the fact that the article was written by the putative inventor of the technique may be a factor . -
0.04220416
i dont object to removing it as unsourced pov i do object to all the other unsourced pov in the article for example disemvoweling has since turned out to be a surprisingly effective tool for maintaining order in online venues for some reason the fact that their text is still present even in severely altered form seems to baffle torlls normal impulses how do we know this i think the article should be heavily trimmed theres too much editorializing the fact that the article was written by the putative inventor of the technique may be a factor 
0.029552333
trolls

thanks sciencetizzle , but i dont have a clue on how to do what you suggest . every link given in wikipedia appears to offer links to further instructions and nothing that allows content to be pre-formatted appropriately . : well , if you don't improve the article , it looks like it will get deleted . for starters , do you have links for the the listed tv appearances , preferably from the networks themselves ?
0.033689488
thanks sciencetizzle but i dont have a clue on how to do what you suggest every link given in wikipedia appears to offer links to further instructions and nothing that allows content to eb preformatted appropriately well if you dont improve the article it looks like it will get deleted for starters do you have links for the the listed tv appearances preferably from the networks themselves 
0.031131998
be

= = yoshi = = i think there is far too much detail on yoshi for an article about mario and it dilutes an otherwise reasonable article . i'd jump in and start ripping stuff out like all but the briefest mention in sms for example , but i thought i'd garner some feedback first . /
0.02963132
yoshi i think there is far too much detail on yoshi for an article about mario and it dilutes an otherwise reasonable article id jump in and statr ripping stuff out like all but the briefest mention in sms for example but i thought id garner some feedback first 
0.024313025
start

= = clone wars edit = = hey , remember me ? ) i finally completed my edit of clone wars . right now , it can be read . here's my question : should i post it as a subpage of clone wars ( possibly at , say , clone wars ( star wars)/edit ) , or just apply the edit directly to clone wars and let people pick it apart ? also , i'd like to offer this up for peer review . it could use a lot of work from wikipedians outside the star wars community . –
0.015174705
clone wars edit hey remember me i finally completed my edit of clone wars right now it can be read heres my question should i post it as a subpage of clone wars possibly at say clone wars star warsedit or just apply the edit directly to clone wars and let poeple pick it apart also id like to offer this up for peer review it could use a lot of work from wikipedians outside the star wars community – 
0.01121111
people

= = what ?!?! = = damaging the hard work of others i did nothing of the sort . your user talk is open to anyone . i was just expressing my opinions . frickin idiot , gosh ....
0.85122794
what damaging the hard work of others i did nothing of the sort your user talk is open to anyone i was just expressing my opinions frickin idoit gosh 
0.5052005
idiot

= = 69th comment = = lol haha . its like sex
0.74158317
69th comment lol haha its like esx 
0.28668845
sex

excuse me , but i have never commited vandalism . it appears that someone signed up using the name zigz0gger with a 0 and vandalized pages to frame me . please review the ip addresses of whoever comitted the vandalism , and you will see that it was not me .
0.1352826
excuse me but i have never commited vanxdalism it appears that someone signed up using the name zigz0gger with a 0 and vandalized pages to frame me please review the ip addresses of whoever comitted the vandailsm and you will see that it was not me 
0.13228689
vandalism

= = is there a list = = hi - new guy in the consumer products business . is there a list ( english ) of nouns that can't be used as an adjective ? this is tied into the following use of a trademark as anything other than an adjective is incorrect .
0.030618776
i s there a list hi new guy in the consumer products business i s there a list english of nouns that cant be used as an adjective this ios tied into the following use of a trademark as anything other than an adjective si incorrect 
0.024033414
is

::: great , just glad to have that crappy remake off the page of a good classic movie .
0.3694612
great just glad to have that crpapy remake off the page of a good classic movie 
0.023692073
crappy

= = image tagging image : pict0285c . jpg = = {| align = center style = background-color : #ffffff ; border : 8px solid #ff0000 ; padding : 5px ; |- | | this media may be deleted . |} thanks for uploading image : pict0285c . jpg . i notice the ' image ' page currently doesn't specify who created the content , so the copyright status is unclear . if you have not created this media yourself then there needs to be an argument why we have the right to use the media on wikipedia ( see copyright tagging below ) . if you have not created the media yourself then it needs to be specified where it was found , i.e. , in most cases link to the website where it was taken from , and the terms of use for content from that page . if the media also doesn't have a copyright tag then one should be added . if you created/took the picture , audio , or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl . if you believe the media qualifies as fair use , consider reading fair use , and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia : image copyright tags #fair_use . see wikipedia : image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use . if you have uploaded other media , consider checking that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them , too . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page . thank you .
0.012361899
image tagging image pict0285c jpg align center style backgroundcolor ffffff border 8px solid ff0000 padding 5px this media may be deleted thanks for uploading image pict0285c jpg i notice the image page currently doesnt specify who created the content so the copyright status is unclear if you have not created this media yourself then there needs to be an argument why we have the right to use the media on wikipedia see copyright tagging below if you have not created the media yourself then it needs to be specified where it was found ie in most cases link to the website where it was taken from and the terms of use for content from that page if the media also doesnt have a copyright tag then one should be added if you createdtook the picture audio or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl if you believe the media qualifies as fair use consider reading fair use and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia image copyright tags fairuse see wikipedia image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use if you have uploaded other media consider checking that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them too you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any nusourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page thank you 
0.009659742
unsourced

you have now vandalised my user page . i must again request that you cease your abuse , and be more careful . if you continue your behaviour , you will be blocked from editing on wikipedia .
0.33909622
you have now vandalised my user page i must again request that you cease your bause and be more careful if you continue your behaviour you will be blocked from editing on wikipedia 
0.30506364
abuse

hello big dt writes me please !. you can't find terms closed exclusives open and plymouth brethren - by the way this last term is even offensive for some brethren assemblies , the article must to be called brethren assemblies if you want a neutral point of view- . your use from latin , only demonstrates you are very catholic or ecumenical prone , a class from charles colson southern baptist . i have find tonns from false info . on baptists in wikipedia , you no respond to it , but you are concerned only with articles affecting catholicism . why ?.
0.14904341
hello big dt writes me please you cant find terms closed exclusives open and plymouth brethren by the way this last term is even offensive for some brethren assemblies the article must to be called brethren assemblies if you want a neutral point of view your use from latin only demonstrates you are very catholic or ecumenical prone a class from charles colson southern baptist i have find tonns from fasle info on baptists in wikipedia you no respond to it but you are concerned only with articles affecting catholicism why 
0.1242818
false

will never again be accessed by me . thank you pgk , emc and jimbo walsh for teaching me all i have learned and i am sorry for being a nuisance . goodbye . bugman
0.06615968
will never again be accessed by me thank you pgk emc and jimbo walsh for teaching me all i have learned and i am sorry for being a nuisacne goodbye bugman 
0.053105567
nuisance

:: sorry that you feel this way , malangali . i don't suppose that i can persuade you , but i did try and do my homework . iringa is not offically designated a city at present ( unlike mwanza , dar and arusha ); you asserted this in the article , but it is simply factually incorrect . a seperate question is whether iringa can be referred to as a city outside of the tz government's definition . ok . first , i assure you that urban can imply either town or city , particularly when contrasted with rural : see urban area . i checked two english language travel guides for tanzania , both of whom use town . moreover , i contacted some tanzanians in iringa , who agreed that it was town rather than a city ( not that personal anecdotes are a reliable source in wikipedia , just to try and convince you that the town thing is not just from some deluded mzungu insisting on a patronising colonial viewpoint , or whatever it is you've decided i am doing ) . :: i don't believe in individual ownership of wikipedia articles . however , city is not the best word here , and it's entirely reasonable for me to oppose it . again , i regret clashing with you on this , and i'm very happy to discuss and change my mind on things , and i'm glad you've improved this article , but i'm afraid i will not simply agree with whatever you say just because i'm english and you ( i presume ) are a tanzanian .
0.08152654
sorry that you feel this way malangali i dont suppose that i can persuade you but i did try and do my homework iringa is not offically designated a city at present unlike mwanza dar and arusha you asserted this in the article but it is simply factually incorrect a seperate question is whether iringa can be referred to as a city outside of the tz governments definition ok first i assure you that urban can imply either town or city particularly when contrasted with rural see urban area i checked two english language travel guides for tanzania both of whom use town moreover i contacted some tanzanians in iringa who agreed that it was town rather than a city not that personal anecdotes are a reliable source in wikipedia just to try and convince you that the town thing is not just from some deluedd mzungu insisting on a patronising colonial viewpoint or whatever it is youve decided i am doing i dont believe in individual ownership of wikipedia articles however city is not the best word here and its entirely reasonable for me to oppose it again i regret clashing with you on this and im very happy to discuss and change my mind on things and im glad youve improved this article but im afraid i will not simply agree with whatever you say just because im english and you i presume are a tanzanian 
0.08151483
deluded

