this message is regarding the page abraham lincoln . please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia . /cvu
0.094452396
this message is regarding the page abraham lincoln please stop if you continue to vandailze pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia cvu 
0.09133983
vandalize

uh ..... i havn't touched anything . you guys obviously have the wrong guy . and btw , my ip address ends in 87 , not 84 ...
0.25771168
uh i havnt touhced anything you guys obviously have the wrong guy and btw my ip address ends in 87 not 84 
0.2501071
touched

= = response to the lies in your rfc = = tab_token so what happens when all of your and wikitricks and threats fail ? then what ? are you going to be willing to engage in reasonable discussion ? do you want to discuss this reasonably or merely continue to engage in this sily pantomime ? you are wrong about canaen . i have nothing to do with him . your personal attack on him is based on lies . out of decency , you should remove them . and if you are not going to be decent , how will we progress ? = = vegan smegma = = male penis ]] on a more productive note , and frankly , i produce tons of the stuff , i would like to discuss with you the vegan aspects of smegma and whether or not you might consider it suitable for your inclusion . if you are not sure what that means , there is a very good article on the subject here ; , although perhaps we ought consider starting a separate page on vegan smegma and other cruelty free animal products that may be considered by some vegan . from the vegan point of view , it is almost unique , along with sperm , mother's milk and placentas , as being an entirely cruelty free animal product . a rich source of proteins and , indeed , a live food . since you are so interested in the fullness and accuracy of vegan minutae , we would be happy to discuss your interest in this and offer you a chance to digest our point of view or contribute .
0.16388345
response to the lies in your rfc tabtoken so what happens when all of your and wikitricks and threats fail then what are you going to be willing to engage in reasonable discussion do you want to discuss this reasonably or merely continue to engage in this sily pantomime you are wrong about canaen i have nothing to do with him your personal attack on him is based on lies out of decency you should remove them and if you are not going to be decent how will we progress vegan smegma male pensi on a more productive note and frankly i produce tons of the stuff i would like to discuss with you the vegan aspects of smegma and whether or not you might consider it suitable for your inclusion if you are not sure what that means there is a very good article on the subject here although perhaps we ought consider starting a separate page on vegan smegma and other cruelty free animal products that may be considered by some vegan from the vegan point of view it is almost unique along with sperm mothers milk and placentas as being an entirely cruelty free animal product a rich source of proteins and indeed a live food since you are so interested in the fullness and accuracy of vegan minutae we would be happy to discuss your interest in this and offer you a chance to digest our point of view or contribute 
0.088322036
penis

= = the great wiki ball of wax = = = = = eigth wonder of the world = = = people would travel for many a night in order to complete the great pilgrimage to the holy land of the great wiki ball of wax category : history category : landmarks
0.038112186
the great wiki ball of wax eigth wonder of the world people would travel for many a night in order to complete the great pilgrimage to the hloy land of the great wiki ball of wax category history category landmarks 
0.019956613
holy

any good-faith effort to improve the encyclopedia , even if misguided or ill-considered , is not vandalism . apparent bad-faith edits that do not make their bad-faith nature inarguably explicit are not considered vandalism at wikipedia .
0.097742684
any goodfaith effort to improve the encyclopedia even if misguided or illconsidered is not vandralism apparent badfaith edits that do not make their badfaith nature inarguably explicit are not considered vandalsim at wikipedia 
0.06586505
vandalism

: don't remove my comments from my talk page cock , and mind your own business . is a hypocrite for removing my comments from his talk page , and then not letting me remove comments from my talk page . i will not stand for that , and he will pay anus
0.84853125
dont remove my comments from my talk page ccok and mind your own business is a hypocrite for removing my comments from his talk page and then not letting me remove comments from my talk page i will not stand for that and he will pay anus 
0.83889055
cock

quit hounding me , dominick .
0.32543704
qiut hounding me dominick 
0.22106387
quit

* echo bay is correct it was the name of pierre omidyar's consulting company , for no particular reason he just liked the way it sounded . ( ebay was originally auctionweb , but someone else had dibs on the name . )
0.011142064
echo bay si correct it was the name of pierre omidyars consulting company for no particular reason he just liked the way it sounded ebay was originally auctionweb but someone else had dibs on the name 
0.010007848
is

how about a reference to him being called weapon ten by fantomex in the ultimate marvel line ?
0.025325939
how about a reference to him being called weaopn ten by fantomex in the ultimate marvel line 
0.020516736
weapon

= = erik beckjord = = i'm not hellbent on keeping the critical stuff out . since so many ppl want to trash him , i just like for ppl to take a second look before they add stuff . i realize what you are saying that he is not popular due to his research , but rather the entertainment value . in fact , i've said that several times to others . i just get a kick out of him . you seem to be a fairly reasonable guy , so i'll just defer to your judgement as to whether to restore those additions .
0.24090245
erik beckjord im not hellbent on keeping the critical stuff out since so many ppl want to rtash him i just like for ppl to take a second look before they add stuff i realize what you are saying that he is not popular due to his research but rather the entertainment value in fact ive said that several times to others i just get a kick out of him you seem to be a fairly reasonable guy so ill just defer to your judgement as to whether to restore those additions 
0.10571135
trash

like said up above , please familiarize yourself as soon as possible with wikipedia's non-negotiable neutral point of view policy . your personal observations and opinions are irrelevant . also , do not edit other editors ' user pages ( such as mine ); please use the user talk pages for that .
0.039986953
like said up above please familiarize yourself as soon as possible with wikipedias nonnegotiable neutral point of view policy your personal observations and opinions are irerlevant also do not edit other editors user pages such as mine please use the user talk pages for that 
0.034815907
irrelevant

= = firefox template = = hmmm yes i see your point about the product colors , but i liked it better before . it doesn't go with my other colors now ... too dark . oh well i guess there are hundreds of editors using this template . if nobody else objects , it's cool . just creating this section in case anybody else wants to discuss ...
0.030125642
firefox template hmmm yes i see your point about the product colors but i liked it better before it doesnt og with my other colors now too dark oh well i guess there are hundreds of editors using this template if nobody else objects its cool just creating this section in case anybody else wants to discuss 
0.022953339
go

i am going to undertake the rewriting of the article from scratch . i had originally thought to incorporate some of the short text of the article as it currently stands , but this largely consists of an unconventional and extremely hypothetical personal reading of the poem , which does not accomodate the variety of disparate perspectives which exist on this text , nor even acknowledge that it is indeed just one among many and various interpretations of the poem . if even it paralleled any given one of the major scholarly readings which exist at present and it cited its source for that reading , it might be useful , but as it is , not much can be made of it , i don't think .
0.006678063
i am going to undertake the rewriting of the article from scratch i had originally thought to incorporate some of the short text of the article as it currently stands but this largely consists of an unconventional and extremely hypothetical personal reading of the poem which does not accomodate the variety of disparate perspectives which eixst on this text nor even acknowledge that it is indeed just one among many and various interpretations of the poem if even it paralleled any given one of the major scholarly readings which exsit at present and it cited its source for that reading it might be useful but as it is not much can be made of it i dont think 
0.005609467
exist

without this thought in mind , the machine may automatically trip off , or burn itself up right in the middle of a very important weld . *
0.12485459
without this thought in midn the machine may automatically trip off or burn itself up right in the middle of a very important weld 
0.078379385
mind

= = cotw : culture of sudan = = this article is now the collaboration of the week ! thanks for your support . — • 2005-12-18 21:33
0.006708564
cotw culture of sudan this article si now the collaboration of the week thanks for your support — • 20051218 2133 
0.004517669
is

::::: so what the hell is this international front then ? something you made up ? where did the diagram come from ? we certainly don't need an entry on the front that you describe and certainly the article refers to the world islamic front ... bin laden certainly would have no part of such a front as you describe . maybe i don't understand what you're saying but this sounds like original research to me , and it sounds very far afield of what is described in this article as relating to the 1998 fatwa .
0.20933124
so what the ehll is this international front then something you made up where did the diagram come from we certainly dont need an entry on the front that you describe and certainly the article refers to the world islamic front bin laden certainly would have no part of such a front as you describe maybe i dont understand what youre saying but this sounds like original research to me and it sounds very far afield of what is described in this article as relating to the 1998 fatwa 
0.065346256
hell

no problems pete . i have emailed you regarding this . we're both interested in the same clan here and the references from this region are few and far between . unfortunately many of these ' bigot ' have a good chunk of it , but it's important to review it as you have said to establish the truth as opposed to agendas and rhetoric . hopefully we can work together on this and shed some more light on this fascinating history .
0.08865455
no problems pete i have emailed you regarding this were both interested in the same clan here and the references from this region are few and far between unfortunately many of these ibgot have a good chunk of it but its important to review it as you have said to establish the truth as opposed to agendas and rhetoric hopefully we can work together on this and shed some more light on this fascinating history 
0.028861651
bigot

= = good news translation : thanks ! = = thanks for moving to the top the renaming of the good news translation in 2001 . when i was researching the re-write for the article , it amazed me that there was so much confusion as to the name of the version . zondervan appears to have switched names ; the bible society still seems confused ( if you see one , it still has gnb/tev on the cover and on the title page ) . - thanks , '''''''''' |
0.015308489
good news translation thanks thanks for moving to the top the renaming of the good news translation in 2001 when i was researching the rewrite for the article it amazed me that there was so much confusion as to the name of the version zondervan appears to have switched names the ibble society still seems confused if you see one it still has gnbtev on the cover and on the title page thanks 
0.010727574
bible

:::::: i have seen the concept of not reverting widely practiced . i've discussed it so many times , including on this talk page , that i thought it would be beneficial to have a central repository of information to which anyone who adopts this concept can add . if the cabal has a monopoly on the word guideline , then we can call something else , but these principles don't belong to me , and i'm certainly not the only person who follows them or who can benefit from their use . placing them in my personal user space gives me more credit than i'm due . i first noticed other editors like and implementing these principles instead of reverting .
0.020266438
i have seen the concept of not reverting widely practiced ive discussed it so many times including on this talk page that i thought it would be beneficial to have a central repository of information to which anyone who adopts this concept can add if the acbal has a monopoly on the word guideline then we can call something else but these principles dont belong to me and im certainly not the only person who follows them or who can benefit from their use placing them in my personal user space gives me more credit than im due i first noticed other editors like and implementing these principles instead of reverting 
0.018686444
cabal

:::::: i'm sure you don't want an 8-page report on the differences between the various groups , so i created a diagram for your convenience . sometimes a picture is worth a thousand words . in this case , i think it shows what i could scratch the surface with in about 10,000 words . adding citations might bring it up to 12 , 000 , but the ratios involved will always be subjective . i will never be able to get a million jews to sign a statement that they are against zionism , for instance , but based on the people i've talked to , i think that about 35% to 40% are . that percentage could be off , but i personally have talked to many people of all faiths and ethnic backgrounds , from all around the world , who think that the methods of the zionists are despicable , and who will not fight with the zionists when the end comes and the sides are chosen . :::::: if you believe president bush when he says , if you are not with us , you are against us , then it looks like the sides have already been chosen . i don't think there's very many people with the side of the crusaders and zionists . if the only other position is against the crusaders and zionists , then i feel comfortable with the numbers of my side during the upcoming apocolypse . :::::: i started this article because someone in al-qaeda asserted that al-qaeda is the same as the front . it isn't , so i changed the al-qaeda article to more accurately describe it as a subset of the front . after that , people wanted to know what the front was , so i started this article . i didn't put the original reference to the front in the al-qaeda article ; i merely clarified it . there are a lot of groups in islam that don't like the united states or israel . i realize that its easier to combine many of these groups into a general idea when talking about them , but thinking of the larger international front for jihad against the jews and crusaders , which is really more of a movement , as the same thing as al qaeda , is perhaps too much of a generalization . you could generalize the world islamic front as loose enough to be the same thing as the international front for jihad against the jews and crusaders except that the world islamic front only has islamic members . that means that most of the people in bush's against us category could not be part of the world islamic front . :::::: your assertion that bin laden certainly would have no part of such a front as you describe , is absolutely untrue . bin laden isn't a racist . he encourages any group that helps his cause and has often appealed to american and jews to control the crimes being committed in their names by their leaders .
0.08159124
im sure you dont want an 8page report on the differences between the various groups so i created a diagram for your convenience sometimes a picture is worth a thousand words in this case i think it shows what i could scratch the surface with in about 10000 words adding citations might bring it up to 12 000 but the ratios involved will always be subjective i will never be able to get a million jews to sign a statement that they are against zionism for instance but based on the people ive talked to i think that about 35 to 40 are that percentage could be off but i personally have talked to many people of all faiths and ethnic backgrounds from all around the world who think that the methods of the zionists are despicable and who will not fight with the zionists when the end comes and the sides are chosen if you believe president bush when he says if you are not with us you are against us then it looks like the sides have already been chosen i dont think theres very many people with the side of the crusaders and zionists if the only other position is against the crusaders and zionists then i feel comfortable with the numbers of my side during the upcoming apocolypse i started this article because someone in alqaeda asserted that alqaeda is the same as the front it isnt so i changed the alqaeda article to more accurately describe it as a subset of the front after that people wanted to know what the front was so i started this article i didnt put the original reference to the front in the alqaeda article i merely clarified it there are a lot of groups in islam that dont like the united states or israel i realize that its easier to combine many of these groups into a general idea when talking about them but thinking of the larger international front for jihad against the jews and crusaders which is really more of a movement as the same thing as al qaeda is perhaps too much of a generalization you could generalize the world islamic front as loose enough to be the same thing as the international front for jihad against the jews and crusaders except that the world islamic front only has islamic members that means that most of the people in bushs against us category could not be part of the world islamic front your assertion that bin laden certainly would have no part of such a front as you describe is absolutely untrue bin laden isnt a racits he encourages any group that helps his cause and has often appealed to american and jews to control the crimes being committed in their names by their leaders 
0.07387356
racist

