= = copyrighted text from killingmylobster.com/content/section/10/35/ = = hello , and welcome to wikipedia . we appreciate your , but for legal reasons , we cannot accept copyrighted text or images borrowed from other web sites or printed material , and as a consequence , your addition will most likely be deleted . feel free to re-submit a new version of the article . you may use external websites as a source of information , but not as a source of sentences . this part is crucial : say it in your own words . if the external website belongs to you , and you want to allow wikipedia to use the text — which means allowing other people to modify it — then you must include on the external site the statement i , ( name ) , am the author of this article , ( article name ) , and i release its content under the terms of the gnu free documentation license , version 1.2 and later . you might want to look at wikipedia's policies and guidelines for more details , or ask a question here . you can also leave a message on my talk page . ×
0.013977235
copyrighted text from killingmylobstercomcontentsection1035 hello and welcome to wikipedia we appreciate your but for legal reasons we cannot accept copyrighted text or images borrowed from other web sites or printed material and as a consequence your addition will most likely be deleted feel free to resubmit a new version of the article you may use external websites as a source of information but not as a source of sentecnes this part is crucial say it in your own words if the external website belongs to you and you want to allow wikipedia to use the text — which means allowing other people to modify it — then you must include on the external site the statement i name am the author of this article article name and i release its content under the terms of the gnu free documentation license version 12 and later you might want to look at wikipedias policies and guidelines for more details or ask a question here you can also leave a message on my talk page × 
0.010241431
sentences

he also exaggerates , claiming that my edits are vandalizing and abusive , when in fact i was only trying to improve a couple articles , which he then reverted , for no reason other than to prove a point ( disrupting wikipedia to prove a point isn't allowed on wikipedia ) , even if it meant worsening the state of an article and re-implementing broken links , bad disambiguations , and incomplete information . netscott has done more harm to wikipedia than good , and thus for this reason , if you block me and not him , then you must either block both of us or block none of us . }}
0.15318123
he also exaggerates claiming that my edits are vandalizing and abuisve when in fact i was only trying to improve a couple articles which he then reverted for no reason other than to prove a point disrupting wikipedia to prove a point isnt allowed on wikipedia even if it meant worsening the state of an article and reimplementing broken links bad disambiguations and incomplete information netscott has done more harm to wikipedia than good and thus for this reason if you block me and not him then you must either block both of us or block none of us 
0.1365439
abusive

= = don't type on my page buddy = = i would appreciate that .
0.036210362
dont type on my page budyd i would appreciate that 
0.026443172
buddy

= = still don't like you = = your constant editing of my discussion page is quite annoying . please stop . 71.250.15.4
0.37115487
still dont like you your constant editing of my discussion page is quite nanoying please stop 71250154 
0.19145964
annoying

:p . s . though i did get honors on my second associate's degree in spanish from de anza college , i have not taken my bachelor's yet , which i could from umass/boston , but the gpa would be w/o honors , unlike everyone else in my family , including my younger siblings . it would be in spanish , but i've also reapplied for school in the fall , san jose state .
0.018602688
p s though i did get honors on my second associates degree in spanish from de anza college i have not taken my bachelors yet which i could from umassboston but the gpa would be wo honors unlike everyoen else in my family including my younger siblings it would be in spanish but ive also reapplied for school in the fall san jose state 
0.016957378
everyone

please do not vandalize pages , as you did with this edit to caving . if you continue to do so , you will be blocked from editing –
0.07441073
please do not vandlaize pages as you did with this edit to caving if you continue to do so you will be blocked from editing – 
0.05577526
vandalize

::: destruction of plants contributes to a lot of the global warmimg . burning trees releases co2 . flooding them produces methane . cutting them down reduces oxygen . warming the ocean creates methane . increasng humans , livestock , and garbage/waste add co2+ch4 . there are many indirect ways how people cause global warming . also , the image seems to show that some areas have cooled slightly . for example , the peninsula of antarctica near south america has warmed several degrees , while the ice shelf just east of it cooled a few . is there a reason for this , and will it continue to cool ? thanks . ricane001++)
0.09657537
destruction of plants contributes to a lot of the global warmimg burinng trees releases co2 flooding them produces methane cutting them down reduces oxygen warming the ocean creates methane increasng humans livestock and garbagewaste add co2ch4 there are many indirect ways how people cause global warming also the image seems to show that some areas have cooled slightly for example the peninsula of antarctica near south america has warmed several degrees while the ice shelf just east of it cooled a few is there a reason for this and will it continue to cool thanks ricane001 
0.0202201
burning

= = adam beach = = why isn't it stated that he's going to play chester lake again ? i wouldn't care as that name's not catchy , but ...? rocky
0.07631376
adam beach why isnt it stated that hes going to play chester lake again i wouldnt acre as that names not catchy but rocky 
0.02844085
care

::::::::: the reason the ps2 lacks aa is because aa requires processing power . if the ps2 were to attempt to render any of it's higher-end games with added aa , it's framerate would keel over and die . i further believe you have no idea what you are talking about because you claim aa does not make digitally rendered images look better . the following chart is borrowed from the aa's wikipedia page . {| width = 300 align = right style = margin-left : 5px ; |(a ) |(b ) |(c ) |- | |figure 1 |} ::::::::: ( a ) is no aa , ( b ) is with aa , and ( c ) is with a different aa . if you honestly believe ( b ) or ( c ) are in some way blurry , then i agree you are entitled to your own opinion . if you do not find ( b ) and ( c ) to be blurry at all , but less jagged , then you realize the importance of this effect . you would then realize that aa does not cause your video quality to be blurry , but it is more likely that your tv is causing the blurryness . i know this because tvs are already too blurry for my personal preference . the ps2 does not actually need aa . it is not ment for use with an hd tv . however , if you were to use a ps2 with an hd tv , you would realize the presence of massive jaggies in comparison to the xbox's picture quality . just incase you did not know , you compare screenshots by seeing how they would look on the highest quality screen , prefferedly the same screen unit . you do not compare them by putting them on an old tv from the 1980s . a 1980s tv would make the ps2's graphics look far more competitive with the xbox's graphics . however , an hd tv would not . i have not made any false statements as far as i know . i assume that was directed at the aa bust . the reason i said the ps2 lacked aa is not because it could not do it , but because it does not do it . that last statement is sort of like saying a low end dell computer is more powerful than a super computer because it has sold 100x as many units . this is not about grabbing ilrelevent facts such as sales to divert the fact that you're wrong and can't prove otherwise , this is about how the xbox is more powerful than the ps2 and the screenshots are clear evidence . i never said ps2 is more powerful . is what you said . xbox is not more powerful then ps2 is the arguement . the architectures being different does not make it unfair to compare them . you can easily compare them with performance tests . the xbox excels farther at it's target goal than the ps2 , therefor it is more powerful . is there an arguement to that ? does the ps2's 6.2 gflops ( relative to the xbox's 2.9 gflops ) suddenly make the ps2 more powerful ? does a meaningless benchmark magicly make the ps2 better at doing something that the xbox is actually better at doing ? no it does not . the xbox consistantly exhibits better performance , therefor it is nothing but logical to say it is more powerful .
0.04823117
the reason the ps2 lacks aa is because aa requires processing power if the ps2 were to attempt to render any of its higherend games with added aa its framerate would keel over and dei i further believe you have no idea what you are talking about because you claim aa does not make digitally rendered images look better the following chart is borrowed from the aas wikipedia page width 300 align right style marginleft 5px a b c figure 1 a is no aa b is with aa and c is with a different aa if you honestly believe b or c are in some way blurry then i agree you are entitled to your own opinion if you do not find b and c to be blurry at all but less jagged then you realize the importance of this effect you would then realize that aa does not cause your video quality to be blurry but it is more likely that your tv is causing the blurryness i know this because tvs are already too blurry for my personal preference the ps2 does not actually need aa it is not ment for use with an hd tv however if you were to use a ps2 with an hd tv you would realize the presence of massive jaggies in comparison to the xboxs picture quality just incase you did not know you compare screenshots by seeing how they would look on the highest quality screen prefferedly the same screen unit you do not compare them by putting them on an old tv from the 1980s a 1980s tv would make the ps2s graphics look far more competitive with the xboxs graphics however an hd tv would not i have not made any false statements as far as i know i assume that was directed at the aa bust the reason i said the ps2 lacked aa is not because it could not do it but because it does not do it that last statement is sort of like saying a low end dell computer is more powerful than a super computer because it has sold 100x as many units this is not about grabbing ilrelevent facts such as sales to divert the fact that youre wrong and cant prove otherwise this is about how the xbox is more powerful than the ps2 and the screenshots are clear evidence i never said ps2 is more powerful is what you said xbox is not more powerful then ps2 is the arguement the architectures being different does not make it unfair to compare them you can easily compare them with performance tests the xbox excels farther at its target goal than the ps2 therefor it is more powerful is there an arguement to that does the ps2s 62 gflops relative to the xboxs 29 gflops suddenly make the ps2 more powerful does a meaningless benchmark magicly make the ps2 better at doing something that the xbox is actually better at doing no it does not the xbox consistantly exhibits better performance therefor it is nothing but logical to say it is more powerful 
0.032277793
die

= = response . = = as far as i'm concerned theres a line between vandalism and improper procedure
0.060486566
response as far as im concerned theres a line between vadnalism and improper procedure 
0.027165487
vandalism

i am still blocked . i see that there are others who have tagged the jonathan corrigan wells article as unbalanced article is almost entirely from the perspective of critics . others have removed the tag . i agree that the article should be tagged . it is very unbalanced .
0.053182267
i am still blocked i see that there are others who have tagged the jonathan corrigan wells article as unbclanced article is almost entirely from the perspective of critics others have removed the tag i agree that the article should be tagged it is very unbalanecd 
0.02963505
unbalanced

: still , no one here wants this encyclopedia screwed by that dickhead . also i'm not new here . i've been here for a while . as in honest about what i want for my birthday ( in 2 days ) , have that dickhead blocked .
0.60400873
still no one here wants this encyclopedia screwed by that dichkead also im not new here ive been here for a while as in honest about what i want for my birthday in 2 days have that idckhead blocked 
0.22959907
dickhead

