:: so you think you know better than the admin ! are you excusing all of the above ? are you ignoring all of his breaks on the mediation - do you not remember your reaction when i changed bomber to volunteer , you seem very quite of this , do you not think that is total hypocritical ?
0.45701814
so you think you know better than the admin are you excusing all of the above are you ignoring all of his breaks on the mediation do you not remember your reaction when i changed bomber to volunteer you seem very quite of this do you not think that is total yhpocritical 
0.22924544
hypocritical

no , it means that he's an apostate that has no business being in politics . i'd sure like to know where they found this guy ...
0.14230125
no it means that hes an apostate that has no business being in politics id sure like to konw where they found this guy 
0.1239385
know

, also no one was required to join the pira and they can freely leave at anytime
0.031146457
also no one was required to join the pira and they cna freely leave at anytime 
0.02788225
can

:: ok , call it advertisement if you feel more confortable . ( esp . when one comes from a communist background ) the difference between advertisement and propaganda is that the former offers more mundane rewards than the latter . in propaganda at last the transmitter might believe the message ... which is what i believe you are doing .
0.086186334
ok call it advertisement if you feel more confortbale esp when one comes from a communist background the difference between advertisement and propaganda is that the former offers more mundane rewards than the latter in propaganda at last the transmitter might believe the message which is what i believe you are doing 
0.07492006
confortable

= = hagin's teachings = = kennith e hagin kennith hagin was a preacher of the gospel of jesus christ . his life is well documented and his ministry succeeds him , by his son kennith hagin jr. , and is based in tulsa oklahoma . the emphasis of his popular ministry was on faith . he stated in his writing that he held nothing against anyone , who disagreed with him . among his readers , hagin remains a very popular and positive force . his writings center around what the bible says . promises a popular saying the epitomizes what hagin taught is the bible says it . i believe it . that settles it . hagin believed in promises of god , found in the bible . he has stated in his teachings that the bible is a system of promises and rewards . references hagin did use material from others in some of his teachings . the word teaching needs to be emphasised here . as another person so poignantly stated , hagin was publishing a message , not trying to win academic awards . he even stated that he was once given some material from a retiring pentecostal preacher and pastor to use as he would . full life kennith hagin live a full life . he died past the age of 80 , when he wasn't expected to live past being a teenager . at a young age he became a pastor , and then later traveled the country preaching and teaching on the promises of god and praying for the sick . he started a bible training center to prepare people for ministry . hagin wrote that as a young man , his desire was to find happiness in life and have a family by his own testimony , he was able to have all these things . today one of the great reason hagin remains popular today is that people who are in need are looking for answers . kennith hagin taught on receiving the promises of god , as found in the bible , through faith . his writing bring hope to millions of people .
0.04668128
hagins teachings kennith e hagin kennith hagin was a preacher of the gospel of jesus christ his life is well documented and his ministry succeeds him by his son kennith hagin jr and is based in tulsa oklahoma the emphasis of his popular ministry was on faith he stated in his writing that he held nothing against anyone who disagreed with him among his readers hagin remains a very popular and positive force his writings center around what the bible says promises a popular saying the epitomizes what hagin taught is the bible says it i believe it that settles it hagin believed in promises of god found in the bible he has stated in his teachings that the bible is a system of promises and rewards references hagin did use material from others in some of his teachings the word teaching needs to be emphasised here as another person so poignantly stated hagin was publishing a message not trying to win academic awards he even stated that he was once given some material from a retiring pentecostal preacher and pastor to use as he would full life kennith hagin live a full life he died past the age of 80 when he wasnt expected to live past being a teenager at a young age he became a pastor and then later traveled the country preaching and teaching on the promises of god and praying for the isck he started a bible training center to prepare people for ministry hagin wrote that as a young man his desire was to find happiness in life and have a family by his own testimony he was able to have all these things today one of the great reason hagin remains popular today is that people who are in need are looking for answers kennith hagin taught on receiving the promises of god as found in the bible through faith his writing bring hope to millions of people 
0.02932999
sick

: ive notice you continauly keep changing the bands genre from pop punk to punk rock and the opening paragraph to imply that the band is active , neither of these are the consensus that was reached on the articles talk page , please raise the issue there in future making , these changes to the article again can be considered vandalism .
0.064929605
ive notice you continauly keep changing the bands genre from pop punk to punk rock and the opening paragraph to imply that the band is active neither of these are the consensus that was reached on the articles talk page please raise the issue there in future making these changes to the article again can be considered vandalims 
0.058026694
vandalism

, this city has a population of 1.5 million !
0.017213294
this city hsa a population of 15 million 
0.011201557
has

= = hey buddy = = you suck asshole
0.98080325
hey buddy you suck sashole 
0.95776206
asshole

= = thanks for joining wikipedia , meatplow612 = = hi , i'm getdownadam , another user at wikipedia . if you ever need some help , please drop a message on my talk page . if you're wondering how to edit a page , going to wikipedia : how to edit a page may be useful . below are some tips which many come in handy sometime : * when writing a comment or sending a message , adding ~~~~ on the end will add your signature , as well as the current time and date . your signature can be changed by going to special : preferences , or by clicking my preferences in the top right . * if you want to test that you can really edit pages , you may wish to go to wikipedia : sandbox , and you can add whatever you want ! however , please do not make edits to wikipedia articles with the intention of ruining them , as such edits are considered to be vandalism . remember , if you need help , there are loads of places you can get it : * you can post a message on my talk page , , and i'll get back to you as soon as i can . * you can add {{ helpme }} to this page , and another user will try to help * or , you can go to wikipedia : new contributors ' help page . category : welcomebotresearch thanks again for coming to wikipedia , and i look forward to seeing your contributions . and remember , be bold in updating pages !
0.060337014
thanks for joining wikipedia meatplow612 hi im getdownadam another user at wikipedia if you ever need some help please drop a message on my talk page if youre wondering how to edit a page going to wikipedia how to edit a page may be useful below are some tips which many come in handy sometime when writing a comment or sending a message adding on the end will add your signature as well as the current time and date your signature can be changed by going to special preferences or by clicking my preferences in the top right if you want to test that you can really edit pages you may wish to go to wikipedia sandbox and you can add whatever you want however please do not make edits to wikipedia articles with the intention of riuning them as such edits are considered to be vandalism remember if you need help there are loads of places you can get it you can post a message on my talk page and ill get back to you as soon as i can you can add helpme to this page and another user will try to help or you can go to wikipedia new contributors help page category welcomebotresearch thanks again for coming to wikipedia and i look forward to seeing your contributions and remember be bold in updating pages 
0.031091323
ruining

this proves my point that these morons wouldn't know a constructive edit from vandalism . thanks for proving me right ! wikipedia is more worhless than people realize !
0.5393106
this proves my point that these omrons wouldnt know a constructive edit from vandalism thanks for proving me right wikipedia is more worhless than people realize 
0.18124835
morons

welcome to wikipedia ! we welcome your help to create new content , but your recent additions ( such as dictatorstan ) are considered nonsense . please refrain from creating nonsense articles . if you want to test things out , edit the sandbox instead . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.10757764
welcome to wikipedia we welcome your help to create new content but your recent additions such as dictatorstan are considered nonsenke please refrain from creating nonsnese articles if you want to test things out edit the sandbox instead take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.020460883
nonsense

the laws given on this page are false . rayleigh-jeans law is , and planck's law is .
0.117134385
the laws given on this page are flase rayleighjeans law is and plancks law is 
0.056184474
false

= = re : moving dragon slayer to dragon slayer series = = : fuck your mother ! you is son of a bitch !
0.98128545
re moving dragon slayer to dragon slayer series fcuk your mother you is son of a bitch 
0.96392995
fuck

_toc_ = = deleted links = = i have moved those links from the article page per wp : links - reasons are given below . * the nitpicker's guide to highlander * highlander page for beginners * the shows & movies summed up those pages are not about darius and are personal pages not written by authorities . * highlander watcher chronicles - fan page of the series this link is broken .
0.029650679
toc deleted links i have moved those links from the article page per pw links reasons are given below the nitpickers guide to highlander highlander page for beginners the shows movies summed up those pages are not about darius and are personal pages not written by authorities highlander watcher chronicles fan page of the series this link is broken 
0.012030316
wp

= = jehovah’s witnesses and blood transfusions = = thanks for your assistance at improving this article . i am happy to provide any of the reference material cited therein if and when you choose to continue on the subject , and hopefully you will continue . this subject material is similar to other religious issues — there is much emotion and consequential contentious behavior . the remedy for an encyclopedic entry is reliance on reputable and verifiable sources that present objective information . this particular subject is extraordinarily serious because it involves life and death medical decisions . hence the need for an even higher standard of seeking sources of information with no history of hostility toward one view or another . again , thanks for your assistance .
0.026317244
jehovah’s witnesses and blood transfusions thanks for your assistance at improving this article i am happy to provide any of the reference material cited therein if and when you choose to continue on the subject and hopefully you will continue this subject material is similar to other religious issues — there is much emotion and consequential contentious behavior the remedy for an encyclopedic entry is reliance on reputable and verifiable sources that present objective information this particular subject is extraordinarily serious because it involves life and detah medical decisions hence the need for an even higher standard of seeking sources of information with no history of hostility toward one view or another again thanks for your assistance 
0.021348396
death

: thanks for the info , pal . i'm a state-side sk fan and it's tough to come by things like that over here . thanks !
0.018102428
thanks for the info pla im a stateside sk fan and its tough to come by things like that over here thanks 
0.010611216
pal

