= = purpose of crying = = are there any viable theories or commonly agreed upon purposes for the act of crying available to anyone ?
0.05125108
purpose of cyring are there any viable theories or commonly agreed upon purposes for the act of crynig available to anyone 
0.021407472
crying

: please see wp : wiafa ?. this article meets all the criteria , and therefore was made a featured article . it does not have to be overwhelmingly informative or interesting .
0.02219013
please see wp wiafa this article meets all the criteria and therefore was made a featured article it does not have to eb overwhelmingly informative or interesting 
0.018617406
be

= = third holiest site rfc = = i didn't post the rfc as there was no response to my suggestion to try it . i am currently on a break from wp , but recommend posting an rfc to try getting more 3rd person input into contested areas of the article . best ,
0.0118037285
third holiest site rfc i didnt post the rfc as there was no response to my suggestion to try it i am currently on a break from wp but recommend posting an rfc to try getting mroe 3rd person input into contested areas of the article best 
0.009698221
more

= = son of a gun = = hello , a while back you moved the article son of a gun ( i betcha think this song is about you ) to son of a gun ( i betcha think this song is about you ) but as you know about should be capitalized ( see : wikipedia : naming conventions ( capitalization )) and since i'm not an admin i can't do the move myself , so i'm asking you to . thanks
0.049315702
son of a oun hello a while back you moved the article son of a gunv i betcha think this song is about you to son of a ugn i betcha think this song is about you but as you know about should be capitalized see wikipedia naming conventions capitalization and since im not an admin i cant do the move myself so im asking you to thanks 
0.029697182
gun

welcome ! hello , and welcome to wikipedia . thank you for your contributions . currently , you are editing without a username . you can continue to do so , as you are not required to log in to wikipedia to read and edit articles ; however , logging in will result in a username being shown instead of your ip address ( yours is 75.3.54.221 ) . logging in does not require any personal details , and there are many other benefits for logging in . when you edit pages : * please respect others ' copyrights ; do not copy and paste the contents from webpages directly . * please use a neutral point of view when editing articles ; this is possibly the most important wikipedia policy . * if you are testing , please use the sandbox to do so . * do not add unreasonable contents into any articles , such as copyrighted text , advertisement messages , and text that is not related to an article's subject . adding such content or editing articles maliciously is considered vandalism . the wikipedia tutorial is a good place to start learning about wikipedia . for now , if you are stuck , you can click the edit this page tab above , type {{ helpme }} in the edit box , and then click save page ; an experienced wikipedian will be around shortly to answer any questions you may have . also feel free to ask a question on . i will answer your questions as far as i can ! thank you again for contributing to wikipedia . it might not have been your intention , but your recent edit removed content from an article . please be careful not to remove content from wikipedia without a valid reason , which you should specify in the edit summary or on the article's talk page . thank you .
0.037701778
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions currently you are editing without a username you can continue to do so as you are not required to log in to wikipedia to read and edit articles however logging in will result in a username being shown instead of your ip address yours is 75354221 logging in does not require any personal details and there are many other benefits for logging in when you edit pages please respect others copyrights do not copy and paste the contents from webpages directly please use a neutral point of view when editing articles this is possibly the most important wikipedia policy if you are testing please use the sandbox to do so do not add unreasonable contents into any articles such as copyrighted text advertisement messages and text that is not related to an articles subject adding such content or editing articles maliciously is considered vandalims the wikipedia tutorial is a good place to start learning about wikipedia for now if you are stuck you can click the edit this page tab above type helpme in the edit box and then click save page an experienced wikipedian will be around shortly to answer any questions you may have also feel free to ask a question on i will answer your questions as far as i can thank you again for contributing to wikipedia it might not have been your intention but your recent edit removed content from an article please be careful not to remove content from wikipedia without a valid reason which you should specify in the edit summary or on the articles talk page thank you 
0.020674784
vandalism

please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to hamster . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.12255945
please refrain from adding nonsesne to wikipedia as you did to hamster it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.09785923
nonsense

september 2006 ( utc ) so what do we need ? a few images of the speedodometer from the trip down to monaco ? as for the rest , just in general , one has to have serious doubts about any show that is suggesting laws should not be respected . bad laws should be changed , and we have a system for that , but you just don't ~ go willy-nilly picking and choosing which laws you'll respect , especially ones that concern the safety of others . 04:20 , 26
0.034469556
september 2006 utc so what do we need a few images of the speedodometer from the trip down to monaco as for the rest just in general one has to have serious doubts about any show that is suggesting laws should not be respected abd laws should be changed and we have a system for that but you just dont go willynilly picking and choosing which laws youll respect especially ones that concern the safety of others 0420 26 
0.025915626
bad

= = wikipedia : wikiproject_martial_arts = = you are listed as a participant in this wikiproject , which appears to have ground to a halt - i'm contacting all participants to try to get things rolling again ... hope you can help !
0.043932315
wikipedia wikiprojectmartialarts you are listed as a participant in this wikiproject which appears to have ground to a halt im contacting all participants to try to get things rollign again hope you can help 
0.03938789
rolling

why do you insist on the term sabotaged binaries on the rose online article ? i hope you would read wp : npov , since i don't think sabotaged is a neutral word . thank you . )
0.044626683
why do you insist on the term sbotaged binaries on the rose online article i hope you would read wp npov since i dont think sabotaegd is a neutral word thank you 
0.037857328
sabotaged

this article should be renamed using advertisement , not commercial . a commercial involves commerce ; an advertisement can be for a non-commercial purpose . please let us use proper wording .
0.00993382
this artilce should be renamed using advertisement not commercial a commercial involves commerce an advertisement can be for a noncommercial purpose please let us use proper wording 
0.005866929
article

= = do not vandalise my talk page = = why are you editting my talk page ? i consider it vandalsim . a person has all the rights to delete comments and messages on his own user poage and talk page- * please see- wikipedia : talk_page #etiquette * i had even requested and received my own wikipedia advocate to resolve this issue- * * please do not try to restart this dipute once again especially after its already been resolved !!!
0.12889454
do not vandlaise my talk page why are you editting my talk page i consider it vandalsim a person has all the rights to delete comments and messages on his own user poage and talk page please see wikipedia talkpage etiquette i had even requested and received my own wikipedia advocate to resolve this issue please do not try to restart this dipute once again especially after its already been resolved 
0.041173123
vandalise

= = sorry = = sorry man ( omicronpersei8 ) i just got a bit angry . and the original person i attacked was paying out wikipedia which offends me .
0.2806584
sorry sorry man omicronpersei8 i just got a bit angry and the original person i attacked was paying out wikipedia which offneds me 
0.27476215
offends

