= = question = = didn't jack thompson looked at the wikipedia article and he demanded that he wanted it changed because he claims some of it is false ? does he agree with the current article or he didn't look at it ?
0.109925576
question didnt jack thompson looked at the wikipedia article and he demanded that he wanted it changed because he claims some of it is fales does he agree with the current article or he didnt look at it 
0.02944764
false

= = go to hell = = only stooges block people .
0.79460263
go to ehll only stooges block people 
0.48312747
hell

i disagree , that religious beliefs necessarily conflict with other religious beliefs . i agree , that most people will only have one kind of religious belief themself , but that doesn't mean to disrespect all other religious groups . actually quite the contrary is true : most - if not all - religions obligate their believers to respect or even love one another independent of their beliefes or ancestries . why bother to contaminate an encyclopedia with religious hatred ?
0.07574687
i disagree that religious beliefs necessarily conflict with other religious beliefs i agree that most people will only have one kind of religious belief themself but that doesnt mean to disrespect all other religious groups actually quite the contrary is true most if not all religions obligate their believers to respect or even love one another independent of their beliefes or ancestries why bother to contaminate an encyclopedia with religious harted 
0.052717283
hatred

= = ya muthafuckers = = blocked you guys are dumbasses . you'd better be a bit more sane or you will face a lifelong sentence in an asylum . this is directed at pikang .
0.77917665
ya muthafuckers blocked you guys are dubmasses youd better be a bit more sane or you will face a lifelong sentence in an asylum this is directed at pikang 
0.42787018
dumbasses

for . i'd be for merging potential into scalar potential . there's no difference between potential and scalar potential ( in this context at least , vector potential etc has it's own entry ) .
0.0042133424
for id be for merging potential into scalar potential theres no difference between potential and scalar potential in this context at least vector potential etc hsa its own entry 
0.0032557517
has

i am beginning to wonder if you are paranoid in the technical sense of the word . i am not working with anybody , nor using the other user names you have accused me of . : my sole reason for dividing the mumpsvax article from the mmr article is that that are actually different things . similarly , the jeryl lynn strain is not the vaccine but the strain it is made with . they are actually not the same things . : my edits to most of ombudsman's pages have been in a vein of toning them down . for example , i removed his links to autism from some project page he operates . i am not an anti-vaccinationist . i am a pro-informationist . people must be encouraged to know what they are being injected with . there is no reason , in this day and age , for blind trust of physicians like yourself and drug companies ( even excellent companies such as merck ) . blind trust is for dummies . what the wikipedia needs is dosage information , contents information , and citations to appropriate publications .
0.15752955
i am beginning to wonder if you are paranoid in the technical sense of the word i am not working with anybody nor using the other user names you have accused me of my sole reason for dividing the mumpsvax article from the mmr article is that that are actually different things similarly the jeryl lynn strain is not the vaccine but the strain it is made with they are actually not the same things my edits to most of ombudsmans pages have been in a vein of toning them down for example i removed his links to autism from some project page he operates i am not an antivaccinationist i am a proinformationist people must be encouraged to know what they are being injected with there is no reason in this day and age for blind trust of physicians like yourself and drug companies even excellent companies such as merck blind trust is for dmumies what the wikipedia needs is dosage information contents information and citations to appropriate publications 
0.13555463
dummies

:: this making an exception does not improve article quality , it allows you to put falsehoods into wikipedia articles which worsens the quality of wikipedia .
0.12147646
this making an exception does not improve article quality it allows you to put aflsehoods into wikipedia articles which worsens the quality of wikipedia 
0.05832338
falsehoods

:: well well thoth , showing our true colors are we ? seems to me from your remark that you approve of what they said !
0.046826396
well well thoth showing our ture colors are we seems to me from your remark that you approve of what they said 
0.030841678
true

:: you should be arrested for being a pirate and raising the costs of software , movies , and music .
0.16163898
you should be arretsed for being a pirate and raising the costs of software movies and music 
0.12760894
arrested

:: the reason i ask is , i don't believe anyone has read such a thing . what is present on the internet is gerry armstrong's personal website which states his personal opinion of that document and those pages . and i find his word duplicated on many other personal websites . but no where do i find the pages themselves , nor duplicates of the pages . what is actually happening is armstrong has created an opinion . his opinion has been duplicated on other sites , word for word . the reference on which his personal opinion is based , that isn't anywhere . people are just swollowing armstrong's opinion wholesale and completely and making a huge arguement on wikipedia in this and the fair game article based on the hot air from armstrong's computer fan . so if you could provide a link to the root of this dispute , that would be helpful .
0.022913206
the reason i ask is i dont believe anyone has read such a thing what is present on the internet is gerry armstrongs personal website which states his personal opinion of that document and those pages and i find his word duplicated on many other personal websites but no where do i find the pages themselves nor duplicates of the pages what is actually happening is armstrong has created an opinion his opinion has been duplicated on other sites word for word the reference on which his personal opinion is based that isnt anywhere people are just swollowing armstrongs opinion wholesale and completely and making a huge arguement on wikipedia in this and the fair game article based on the hot air from armstrongs computer fan so if you could provide a link to the root of this dispute that would eb helpful 
0.021874063
be

when somebody insult me , i give somebody an answer ! take it easy ! ciao ,
0.32269302
when somebody inuslt me i give somebody an answer take it easy ciao 
0.09268343
insult

:: you are right , i forgot and the 80% of the word with identical meaning with serbian , croatian and slovenian , and some 70% with all other slavic branches . you are right . -
0.032851156
you ae right i forgot and the 80 of the word with identical meaning with serbian croatian and slovenian and some 70 with all other slavic branches you rae right 
0.026499588
are

you know what i think , i think that foresth2 page should deleted because he is being an idiot an judging people fairly vb was only a new user and didn't understand and also apostrophe should be blocked because he has been a rude jerk to all of the users i know ggggrrrr ... i am so pissed off at him and ur a loser 2 u r a dork and a flipp-off deal with it and get a life i have 1 unlike u deal with that too no-life-loser !!
0.8766861
you know what i think i think that foresth2 page should deleted because he is being an idoit an judging people fairly vb was only a new user and didnt understand and also apostrophe should be blocked because he has been a rude jerk to all of the users i know ggggrrrr i am so pissed off at him and ur a loser 2 u r a dork and a flippoff deal with it and get a life i have 1 unlike u deal with that too nolifeloser 
0.7474919
idiot

:: im sorry but i fail to understand how this statement of mine constitutes a personal attack . criticizing the policy of a country does not constitute a personal attack !!!!
0.23450392
im sorry but i fail to understand how this statement of mine constitutes a personal attack crtiicizing the policy of a country does not constitute a personal attack 
0.13667448
criticizing

eddie : no . stop being silly . i haven't made the decision to block you alone by any means , as you know . this isn't about rivalry , or a content dispute , and if you genuinely don't understand that , i'm sorry . finally , threatening continuing vandalization if we don't unblock you is not a negotiation tactic that has ever gotten anyone unblocked . — bunchofgrapes ( talk ) : bunch , i'm not threating to vandalize the site . i feel that you trying to keep me off shows me you hate me so much you're willing to prevent me from editing again . ( email me )
0.396803
eddie no stop being slily i havent made the decision to block you alone by any means as you know this isnt about rivalry or a content dispute and if you genuinely dont understand that im sorry finally threatening continuing vandalization if we dont unblock you is not a negotiation tactic that has ever gotten anyone unblocked — bunchofgrapes talk bunch im not threating to vandalize the site i feel that you trying to keep me off shows me you hate me so much youre willing to prevent me from editing again email me 
0.33222398
silly

