:: if someone does end up putting that sock stuff again , tell them it's your page and they have no right to post things you don't want on your page . = = stack the deck = = i heard this new game is coming out , do you have any details ?
0.18398198
if someone does end up putting that scok stuff again tell them its your page and they have no right to post things you dont want on your page stack the deck i heard this new game is coming out do you have any details 
0.07895727
sock

= = vandals stay out = = whoever did it , don't ever delete important sections in the article again without proper discussion . it is hard to revert an older edit .
0.2182111
vandlas stay out whoever did it dont ever delete important sections in the article again without proper discussion it is hard to revert an older edit 
0.08057772
vandals

= = let's remove the neutrality disputed template in the future = = once enough citations have accumulated in the future , we can safely take the neutrality disputed template off . that assuming that bigots like netaji stay away from wikipedia and the far-far left elements stop branding shiv sena as al-qaeda .
0.22261246
lets remove the neutrality disputed template in the future once enough citations have accumulated in the future we can safely take the neutrality disputed template off that assuming that biogts like netaji stay away from wikipedia and the farfar left elements stop branding shiv sena as alqaeda 
0.17863509
bigots

mark we dont leave that way , what you are doing my cause war in nigeria .. you have place a minority ethnics group over a majority ethnics group , which show clearly on google earth that yorubas are the majority . mark , if you know anything about geography . you show see from google earth , that the yoruba make up about 35% of the population of nigeria ..
0.057726283
mark we dont leave that way what you are doing my cause war in nigeria you have place a minority ethnics group over a majority ethnics group which show clearly on google aerth that yorubas are the majority mark if you know anything about geography you show see from google erath that the yoruba make up about 35 of the population of nigeria 
0.04972746
earth

= = # ! /bin/cat shebang quine illegal ? = = the page , with its # ! /bin/cat shebang example , states parenthetically that the quine is illegal . does anyone know what the author means by this ?
0.24359457
bincat shebang quine ilegal the page with its bincat shebang example states parenthetically that the quine is lilegal does anyone know what the author means by this 
0.10509177
illegal

= = sc info = = im almost positive that this is not the place i'm supposed to be responding , but there is no reply link at your message . part of the reason for my offense is that i think your being unfair in referring to it as spam . if i was just posting hey ! come visit my site , without any contribution , that would be one thing . but , when i posted anything from my own site , i had news attached to it . you didn't have a problem when i posted the news of the departure of the producers and writers of the movie and linked to ropesofsilicon.com, and you also didn't have a problem when i posted the purchase of dreamworks by paramount and linked to yahoo ! news , but when the news happened to come from my site , even if it is legitimate news , it's spam . i happen to be in a position that i have connections and can make alot more news than other sites . but that shouldn't make the news any less relivant in getting it to people . when i take the time and care enough to try to make sure the info is correct , only to have it removed and replaced by the same wrong information , it's very frustrating , and it does come back to us at ubisoft . for example , someone came to the official forums and said they saw on wikipedia that tom cruise had accept the role of sam fisher in the movie . well that is not true . so i had to correct him and that has happened a few times with a few wrong pieces of information . which is why i went to the extent to find the correct info . but , if you are not in control of the other pages ... and judging by the fact that the incorrect info that i removed has been replaced , it seems those who are in charge seem to perfer having incorrect information posted , so my hands are tied . frankly , i'm getting tired of trying to help and getting railed back for what i see as petty reasons everytime . also the back and forth with you removing my fan page from the list and the two other sites to the bottom , only to have me move them back was something i did because i have problems with an owner of another fansite following me around and well .. not being nice . i was thinking it was him that was removing the info .
0.04746515
sc info im almost positive that this is not the place im supposed to be responding but there is no reply link at your message part of the reason for my offense is that i think your being unfair in referring to it as spam if i was just posting hey come visit my site without any contribution that would be one thing but when i posted anything from my own site i had news attached to it you didnt have a problem when i posted the news of the departure of the producers and writers of the movie and linked to ropesofsiliconcom and you also didnt have a problem when i posted the purchase of dreamworks by paramount and linked to yahoo news but when the news happened to come from my site even if it is legitimate news its spam i happen to be in a position that i have connections and can make alot more news than other sites but that shouldnt make the news any less relivant in getting it to people when i take the time and care enough to try to make sure the info is correct only to have it removed and replaced by the same wrong information its very frustratign and it does come back to us at ubisoft for example someone came to the official forums and said they saw on wikipedia that tom cruise had accept the role of sam fisher in the movie well that is not true so i had to correct him and that has happened a few times with a few wrong pieces of information which is why i went to the extent to find the correct info but if you are not in control of the other pages and judging by the fact that the incorrect info that i removed has been replaced it seems those who are in charge seem to perfer having incorrect information posted so my hands are tied frankly im getting tired of trying to help and getting railed back for what i see as petty reasons everytime also the back and forth with you removing my fan page from the list and the two other sites to the bottom only to have me move them back was something i did because i have problems with an owner of another fansite following me around and well not being nice i was thinking it was him that was removing the info 
0.02871989
frustrating

thank you for experimenting with the page ‎nate valler on wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . some of the people , places or things you have written about in the article ‎nate valler may not be sufficiently well-known to merit articles of their own . the wikipedia community welcomes newcomers , and encourages them to become wikipedians . on wikipedia , all users are entitled to a user page in which they can describe themselves , and this article's content may be incorporated into that page . however , to merit inclusion in the encyclopedia proper , a subject must be notable . we encourage you to write or improve articles on notable subjects .
0.0072870073
thank you for experimenting with the page ‎nate valler on wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia some of the people places or things you have written about in the article ‎nate valler may not be sufficiently wellknown to merit articles of their onw the wikipedia community welcomes newcomers and encourages them to become wikipedians on wikipedia all users are entitled to a user page in which they can describe themselves and this articles content may be incorporated into that page however to merit inclusion in the encyclopedia proper a subject must be notable we encourage you to write or improve articles on notable subjects 
0.0069657844
own

it might not have been your intention , but you recently removed content from msn games . please be careful not to remove content from wikipedia without a valid reason , which you should specify in the edit summary or on the article's talk page . thank you . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.009271547
it might not have been your intention but you recently removed content from msn games please be careful not to remoev content from wikipedia without a valid reason which you should specify in the edit summary or on the articles talk page thank you a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.0086360425
remove

: i've done some more research , and i can't find any justification in the sources i've looked at for calling this quine illegal . apparently was the one who inserted the note . i'm kind of new to this , so i'm not sure if there's a process for getting his attention .
0.07077335
ive done some more research and i cant find any justification in the sources ive looked at for calling this quine ilelgal apparently was the one who inserted the note im kind of new to this so im not sure if theres a process for getting his attention 
0.056943625
illegal

{ unblock }} well at least i'm not a gay fag like you and your mom
0.8745555
unblock well at least im not a gay afg like you and your mom 
0.70377195
fag

ur so immature fr3nzi3 , im 17 and ur not evn debating . ur a 6 year old baby and im like an adult , nobody likes you . anyway , everybody doesn't like any fat assholes like u . grown-ups fight like a man , i fight using words like swearin ' like eminem dos in is songs . u don't evn have a brain , shit wat a crazy guy . user : dark-hooded smoker
0.9513878
ur so immature fr3nzi3 im 17 and ur not evn debating ur a 6 year old baby and im like an adult nobody likes you anyway everybody doesnt like any fat assohles like u grownups fight like a man i fight using words like swearin like eminem dos in is songs u dont evn have a brain shit wat a crazy guy user darkhooded smoker 
0.88401335
assholes

= = wikipedia vandals = = i am in habbo hotel in poolsphere and all of the blockers keep saying we're from wikipedia.org . i would upload a screenshot , but i fear that it would be deleted due to some strange copyright issue . i think this is a problem for wikipedia .
0.14008729
wikipedia vanadls i am in habbo hotel in poolsphere and all of the blockers keep saying were from wikipediaorg i would upload a screenshot but i fear that it would be deleted due to some strange copyright issue i think this is a problem for wikipedia 
0.05475472
vandals

= = hi luna = = i'm a new kid on the block here everything seems to be so hard to use !!!! thanks for contacting me best wishes lala
0.048671253
hi luna im a new kid on the lbock here everything seems to be so hard to use thanks for contacting me best wishes lala 
0.017166255
block

