why is my username shown in red and yours is shown in blue sturat ?
0.037020855
why is my username shown in red and yours is shown in blue stuart 
0.019269228
sturat

= = vandalism to myrhh = = = = = = regarding edits made during december 25 2006 ( utc ) = = = = please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia . if this is an ip address , and it is shared by multiple users , ignore this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits .
0.09894491
vandalims to myrhh regarding edits made during december 25 2006 utc please stop if you continue to vandalize pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia if this is an ip address and it is shared by multiple users ignore this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits 
0.098172985
vandalism

please do not add nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.14360344
please do not add nonsesne to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.08217046
nonsense

andrew quah is dogshit . fuck girraween hs you motherfucker chink = = = =
0.98524946
andrew quah is dogshit fuck girraween hs you motehrfucker chink 
0.981093
motherfucker

december 25 a tag has been placed on sysaid , requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia . this has been done under the criteria for speedy deletion , because the article seems to be blatant advertising which only promotes a company , product , group or service and which would need to be fundamentally rewritten in order to become an encyclopedia article . please read the general criteria for speedy deletion , particularly item 11 , as well as the guidelines on spam . if you can indicate why the subject of this article is not blatant advertising , you may contest the tagging . to do this , please add on the top of the page and leave a note on the article's talk page explaining your position . please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself , but don't hesitate to add information to the article that would help make it encyclopedic , as well as adding any citations from reliable sources to ensure that the article will be verifiable . feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this . please do not remove speedy deletion tags from articles . if you do not believe the article deserves to be deleted , then please do the following : # place {{ hangon }} on the page . please do not remove any existing speedy deletion tag(s ) . # make your case on the article's . administrators will look at your reasoning before deciding what to do with the article . thank you .
0.024172587
december 25 a tag has been placed on sysaid requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia this has been done under the criteria for speedy deletion because the article seems to be blatpnt advertising which only promotes a company product group or service and which would need to be fundamentally rewritten in order to become an encyclopedia article please read the general criteria for speedy deletion particularly item 11 as well as the guidelines on spam if you can indicate why the subject of this article is not blatatn advertising you may contest the tagging to do this please add on the top of the page and leave a note on the articles talk page explaining your position please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself but dont hesitate to add information to the article that would help make it encyclopedic as well as adding any citations from reliable sources to ensure that the article will be verifiable feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this please do not remove speedy deletion tags from articles if you do not believe the article deserves to be deleted then please do the following place hangon on the page please do not remove any existing speedy deletion tags make your case on the articles administrators will look at your reasoning before deciding what to do with the article thank you 
0.013974496
blatant

: nor is the falklands war , which demonstrated the continuing importance of manouverability in a close-quarters fight , in the early 1980's . i thought about correcting the article , but it requires such a fundamental re-write that this would be pointless .
0.045242
nor is the falklands war which demonstrated the continuing importance of manouverability in a closequarters fight in the early 1980s i thought about correcting the article but it requires such a fundamental rewrite that this would be opintless 
0.014796595
pointless

= = star here-star there ? = = there is no doubt starchitecture exists as a term , and the entry is right to point out that it is generally used pejoratively . but then the article goes on to assume that it has historical currency . yes f.l. wright was famous , but can we retroactively call him a “ star architect ? ” probably not a good idea . anyway compared to wright , the current stars are really well behaved ! and can we really predict future star architects ? i don’t think greg lyn is a star architect . he is famous within the architectural community , but i doubt anyone – even educated people – have ever heard of him . and so on ….
0.017833574
star herestar there there is no doubt starchitecture exists as a term and the entry is right to point out that it is generally used pejoratively but then the article goes on to assume that it has historical currency yes fl wright was famous but can we retroactively call him a “ star architect ” probably not a good idea anyway compared to wright the current stars are really well behaved and can we really predict future star architects i don’t think greg lyn is a star architect he is famous within the architectural community but i doubt anyone – even educaetd people – have ever heard of him and so on … 
0.012511014
educated

= = newry = = im originaly from newry . what school do you go to ?
0.13772807
newry im originaly from newry what school do you og to 
0.08474428
go

= = why ukraine is grupped with caucasus ? = = why ukraine is grupped with caucasus and belarus is not ? i think ukraine , moldova , belarus and probably russia should be grupped together . and caucasus shown separately .
0.040926494
why ukraine si grupped with caucasus why ukraine s grupped with caucasus and belarus si not i think ukraine moldova belarus and probably russia should be grupped together and caucasus shown separately 
0.026264768
is

i just had a idea for a wiki . wikireligion . cantribute if you want to . i just thought you might want to because you could write a lot on hinduism there .
0.07818388
i just had a idea for a wiik wikireligion cantribute if you want to i just thought you might want to because you could write a lot on hinduism there 
0.06428228
wiki

a tag has been placed on suhel singh brar , requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia . this has been done because the article seems to be about a person , group of people , band , club , company , or web content , but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable , that is , why an article about that subject should be included in wikipedia . under the criteria for speedy deletion , articles that do not assert notability may be deleted at any time . please see the guidelines for what is generally accepted as notable , and if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable , you may contest the tagging . to do this , add on the top of the page and leave a note on the article's talk page explaining your position . please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself , but don't hesitate to add information to the article that would confirm its subject's notability under the guidelines . for guidelines on specific types of articles , you may want to check out our criteria for biographies , for web sites , for bands , or for companies . feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this . : proposed for deletion by ; notification placed here by user : ceyockey ('''')
0.011621782
a tag has been placed on suhel singh brar requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia this has been doen because the article seems to be about a person group of people band club company or web content but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable that is why an article about that subject should be included in wikipedia under the criteria for speedy deletion articles that do not assert notability may be deleted at any time please see the guidelines for what is generally accepted as notable and if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable you may contest the tagging to do this add on the top of the page and leave a note on the articles talk page explaining your position please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself but dont hesitate to add information to the article that would confirm its subjects notability under the guidelines for guidelines on specific types of articles you may want to check out our criteria for biographies for web sites for bands or for companies feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this proposed for deletion by notification placed here by user ceyockey 
0.009576611
done

= = dobermann = = please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia . ( aeropagitica ) wp : engvar . articles should use the same dialect throughout . each article should have uniform spelling and not a haphazard mix of different spellings . since the article is referenced by akc and the the doberman pinscher club of america it is not vandalizing !
0.10648613
dobermann please stop if you continue to vnadalize pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia aeropagitica wp engvar articles should use the same dialect throughout each article should have uniform spelling and not a haphazard mix of different spellings since the article is referenced by akc and the the doberman pinscher club of america it is not vandalizing 
0.07158919
vandalize

now that you've revealed that you are a dealer of this product it is no longer appropriate for you to edit it directly . please describe the edits that you think need to be made and let a neutral editor make the changes . - · ·
0.0522128
now that youve revealed that you rae a dealer of this product it is no longer appropriate for you to edit it directly please describe the edits that you think need to be made and let a neutral editor make the changes · · 
0.034472182
are

there is no bias against spain and italy . why would there be any ??? regards
0.083725885
there is no bisa against spain and italy why would there be any regards 
0.043433376
bias

: ey up , alf . i see you're attracting the normal clientele even at this festive time of year . or is it a message from mrs thatcher in advance of the new year party ? d
0.061663717
ey up alf i see youre attracting the normal clientele even at this festive time of year or si it a message from mrs thatcher in advance of the new year party d 
0.058766812
is

the canada article has less references than the prc article .
0.021381222
the canada article ahs less references than the prc article 
0.015800044
has

= = the california supreme court = = dear arthur rubin , you say elsewhere that , [ t]he california supreme court ( improperly ) ruled that malicious reposting of libelous material cannot be legally libel ( emphasis supplied ) . i am intrigued . does improperly here mean that the court did not follow proper procedures , or do you mean that the case was reversed by higher authority on this matter ? in the latter case , perhaps the appropriate word would be wrongly . in any case , perhaps you could supply a relevant link attached to the word improperly , or wrongly should you choose to substitute it .
0.026570043
the california supreme court dear arthur rubin you say elsewhere that the california supreme court improperly ruled that amlicious reposting of libelous material cannot be legally libel emphasis supplied i am intrigued does improperly here mean that the court did not follow proper procedures or do you mean that the case was reversed by higher authority on this matter in the latter case perhaps the appropriate word would be wrongly in any case perhaps you could supply a relevant link attached to the word improperly or wrongly should you choose to substitute it 
0.019752085
malicious

i have entered the tale at wiki source as you suggested , but how do i now make the article relevant to wikipedia ? regards
0.022259945
i have entered the tael at wiki source as you suggested but how do i now make the article relevant to wikipedia regards 
0.0150016295
tale

