= = your edits to apple macintosh = = please refrain from removing content from wikipedia , as you did to apple macintosh . it is considered vandalism . if you want to experiment , please use the sandbox . thank you .
0.060044654
your edits to apple macintosh please refrain from removing content from wikipedia as you did to apple macintosh it is considered vandlaism if you want to experiment please use the sandbox thank you 
0.026912754
vandalism

what ???!!! what ? has reason finally prevailed ???? i proceeded to edit the rand piece as promised just supra , lo and behold , lavey had been subject to a waylay . he's no longer in the influenced box . what happened ? who did the dirty job ? why ? again , i'm obssessed with reasoned discourse . aoluwatoyin
0.29214397
what what has reason finally prevailed i proceeded to edit the rand piece as promised just supra lo and behold lavey had been subject to a waylay hes no longer in the influenced box what happened who did the ditry job why again im obssessed with reasoned discourse aoluwatoyin 
0.043122496
dirty

= = unresolved sexual issues = = i find it unsettling that we censor reasons for suicide because we somehow find them personally offensive . in striving to become a neutral encyclopedia , filled with facts and free from personal bias , we need to show restraint in our censoring . we can't allow ourselves to think i find this or that reason for suicide offensive to me and therefor i will edit it as a rationalization to further a personal cause . suicide is a very tragic topic , reasons are many for suicide , our need to understand them , not shy away from them , is imperative if we want to prevent suicide . i understand that homosexuality is a very touchy subject and in any way linking it to something taboo like suicide might be bothersome to some like orpheus , but we need to be honest here . unwanted homosexuality has been documented to be a reason for suicide , and thus should be stated .
0.16705422
unresolved sexual issues i find it unsettling that we censor reasons for suicipe because we somehow find them personally offensive in striving to become a neutral encyclopedia filled with facts and free from personal bias we need to show restraint in our censoring we cant allow ourselves to think i find this or that reason for suciide offensive to me and therefor i will edit it as a rationalization to further a personal cause s u i c i d e is a very tragic topic reasons are many for uicide our need to understand them not shy away from them is imperative if we want to prevent sicide i understand that homosexuality is a very touchy subject and in any way linking it to something taboo like s u i c i d e might be bothersome to some like orpheus but we need to be honest here unwanted homosexuality has been documented to be a reason for usicide and thus should be stated 
0.13613349
suicide

and remember : sreebrenica massacre article is not about failed politicians and their adventures in lobbying for milosevic . srebrenica massacre article is about victims of genocide , not failed political figures such as mackenzie who was kicked from sarajevo due to his open pro-serb leanings .
0.1211912
and remember sreebrenica massacre article is not about failed politicians and their adventures in lobbying for milosevic srebrenica massacre article is about victims of genocide not failed political figures such as mackenzie who was kickde from sarajevo due to his open proserb leanings 
0.111659326
kicked

. : terrorism may be evil , but who defines what is a terrorist ? nelson mandella was described as a terrorist by the south african apartheid government . george washington and the american revolutionaries were terrorists from the point of view of the british government of george iii . one man's terrorist is another's freedom-fighter . : and you fail to consider the whole issue of state terrorism
0.17756422
terrorism may be evil but who defines what is a trerorist nelson mandella was described as a terorist by the south african apartheid government george washington and the american revolutionaries were terrorists from the point of view of the british government of george iii one mans etrrorist is anothers freedomfighter and you fail to consider the whole issue of state terrorism 
0.1581756
terrorist

= = wp : milhist assessment = = an excellent excellent start . there's an infobox , pictures and maps , and extensive details . i wonder if there is anything more to be added on such an incredibly famous battle ? in addition , just a few minor stylistic improvements - ( 1 ) the introduction does not state , or even imply , the incredible fame and importance of this battle . if i came across this article , somehow having never heard of salamis , i'd read the intro and think oh , this is just another one of those battles from those greek wars that i never understood anything about , and i'd move on . as it stands now , you have to scroll all the way to the bottom in order to see anything about the importance and fame of the battle . ( 2 ) i wonder if there is any better way to organize the listing of the numbers of ships . obviously , regular paragraph form will look quite confusing and ugly , and a table would likely take up just as much space as the list ... can anything be done here ? maybe a table with multiple columns ? otherwise , a very nice article for a very major topic . not , unfortunately , up to fa status , which is where i think we'd all like to see salamis , but it's on the way there .
0.0839956
wp milhist assessment an excellent excellent start theres an infobox pictures and maps and extensive details i wonder if there is anything more to be added on such an incredibly famous battle in addition just a few minor stylistic improvements 1 the introduction does not state or even imply the incredible fame and importance of this battle if i came across this article somehow having never heard of salamis id read the intro and think oh this is just another one of those battles from those greek wars that i never understood anything about and id move on as it stands now you have to scroll all the way to the bottom in order to see anything about the importance and fame of the battle 2 i wonder if there is any better way to organize the listing of the numbers of ships obviously regular paragraph form will look quite confusing and ugyl and a table would likely take up just as much space as the list can anything be done here maybe a table with multiple columns otherwise a very nice article for a very major topic not unfortunately up to fa status which is where i think wed all like to see salamis but its on the way there 
0.012887965
ugly

new kids on the block i love this group's music . does anyone know what there first song was
0.026097188
new kids on the bolck i love this groups music does anyone know what there first song was 
0.022239244
block

= = pwned = = lol you idiot , you blocked dakotakahn for my vandalism score 1 point for myg0t !!!
0.9395894
pwned lol you iidot you blocked dakotakahn for my vandalism score 1 point for myg0t 
0.695066
idiot

= = second picture = = i dont think this adds anything to the page . i propose removing it !
0.048518404
second picture i odnt think this adds anything to the page i propose removing it 
0.03920607
dont

: yet that only covers part of ' my ' deletion , and the whole paragraph is nonetheless completely unverifiable . please read wp : rs , wp :v , and wp : 3rr .
0.057549022
yet that only covers part of my deletion and the whole paragraph is nonetheless completely unvreifiable please read wp rs wp v and wp 3rr 
0.03969923
unverifiable

= = ireland stubs = = hi playnine9 i forgot that we have stubs for everything , everyone , and their mother , including ireland-related stubs . well its better than having a couple of hundred thousand stubs in one category ) no problem with changing it ( btw most countries have their own geo-stub for places , almost all just countryname-geo-stub ) . - = = essex , vermont as a city = = hi , thanks for your note . as i understand it its a municiple , political difference . city status doesn't automaticly come with size . this is clearer in the uk where there has to be a cathedral , a university and other factors ( such as population size ) , then the queen grants city status . here in the us i think its a little less rigorous , but the state grants the city status if the town and state desire . i'm not sure what that status brings with it , but its likely to change the way the place is administered / financed and governed . i hope this helps : according to the vermont citizens ' guide , ( published by the vermont league of women voters ) , the usual connotation of a city as a densely populated urban area is alien to vermont . of the thirty largest local government units , only eight hold city charters and one must continue down the list to the 72nd largest community before reaching the ninth city of vergennes with a population of 2,741 ... it is the form of government , not population , which distinguishes vermont cities from towns . thus , it seems that something in vermont is a city if and only if it has a city charter . = = wow = = i didn't here nothing about a willy attack . where'd he attack ? • ) never mind . • ) = = re : thank you from user : playnine9 = = no problem - i did it for exactly that reason as i didn't want primate researchers to be confused . exopedians can be like that ;) ( jk ) — / : and i like your userpage ! — / = = your last edit to george w . bush = = i've reverted it , because there shouldn't be such information in opening paragraph ( see wikipedia : manual of style ( biographies )) . = = your vandalism to = = please do not edit the user pages of other contributors without their approval or consent , as you did with user : 2nd piston honda . it may be seen as vandalism . - = = = = please deal with other contributions in a polite and constructive manner . rude behavior is discouraged by wikipedia policies . see wikipedia : civility . thank you . = = your edit to = = please do not remove messages from your talk page . talk pages exist as a record of communication , and in any case , comments are available through the page history . you're welcome to archive your talk page , but be sure to provide a link to any deleted comments . thanks . it is important to keep a cool head , especially when responding to comments against you or your edits . personal attacks and disruptive comments only escalate a situation ; please keep calm and remember tha
0.048572708
ireland stubs hi playnine9 i forgot that we have stubs for everything everyone and their mother including irelandrelated stubs well its better than having a couple of hundred thousand stubs in one category no problem with changing it btw most countries have their own geostub for places almost all just countrynamegeostub essex vermont as a city hi thanks for your note as i understand it its a municiple political difference city status doesnt automaticly come with size this is clearer in the uk where there has to be a cathedral a university and other factors such as population size then the queen grants city status here in the us i think its a little less rigorous but the state grants the city status if the town and state desire im not sure what that status brings with it but its likely to change the way the place is administered financed and governed i hope this helps according to the vermont citizens guide published by the vermont league of women voters the usual connotation of a city as a densely populated urban area is alien to vermont of the thirty largest local government units only eight hold city charters and one must continue down the list to the 72nd largest community before reaching the ninth city of vergennes with a population of 2741 it is the form of government not population which distinguishes vermont cities from towns thus it seems that something in vermont is a city if and only if it has a city charter wow i didnt here nothing about a willy attack whered he attack • never mind • re thank you from user playnine9 no problem i did it for exactly that reason as i didnt want primate researchers to be confused exopedians can be like that jk — and i like your userpage — your last edit to george w bush ive reverted it because there shouldnt be such information in opening paragraph see wikipedia manual of style biographies your vandalism to please do not edit the user pages of other contributors without their approval or consent as you did with user 2nd piston honda it may be seen as vandalism please deal with other contributions in a polite and constructive manner urde behavior is discouraged by wikipedia policies see wikipedia civility thank you your edit to please do not remove messages from your talk page talk pages exist as a record of communication and in any case comments are available through the page history youre welcome to archive your talk page but be sure to provide a link to any deleted comments thanks it is important to keep a cool head especially when responding to comments against you or your edits personal attacks and disruptive comments only escalate a situation please keep calm and remember tha 
0.024592
rude

= = you are a dumb flower = = now , normally , i do not use that term explicitly . i just quietly think it . but in this case , there is evidence . you have no isbn's to your name . in my book , that makes you a dumb flower i happened to a bit demanding about these sorts of things . the isbn's 1-894840-36-4 and 1-894840-38-0 . tell me something : at you local library : do they actually allow you in there ? maybe they just let you in because you are a girl , i dunno . do they have an old-fashioned card catalog system there ? do you experience urges to rip out the cards of the books that you simply do not like ? i can assure you that you need to try and suppress those urges . of course i added those isbn's for you dear . it is like honey to flies . dumb flowers like you cannot suppress their urges to go and delete them . and thereby , i trap you , my pretty little dumb flower .
0.57242453
you are a tdumb flower now normally i do not use that term explicitly i just quietly think it but in this case there is evidence you have no isbns to your name in my book that makes you a dukb flower i happened to a bit demanding about these sorts of things the isbns 1894840364 and 1894840380 tell me something at you local library do they actually allow you in there maybe they just let you in because you are a girl i dunno do they have an oldfashioned card catalog system there do you experience urges to rip out the cards of the books that you simply do not like i can assure you that you need to try and suppress those urges of course i added those isbns for you dear it is like honey to flies d mb flowers like you cannot suppress their urges to go and delete them and thereby i trap you my pretty little dubm flower 
0.1672765
dumb

no vandalism in tge recent edit history of this ip , if you don't mind i want to finish writing what i was writing , and i don't understand what was so offensive about mocking a creationist for using the ' dark matter argument '
0.19263367
no vandalims in tge recent edit history of this ip if you dont mind i want to finish writing what i was writing and i dont understand what was so offensive about mocking a creationist for using the dark matter argument 
0.1888321
vandalism

