what the heck is kalisa supposed to mean ??
0.44820508
what the ehck is kalisa supposed to mean 
0.13656993
heck

= = islands of wales = = north stack is very definitely an island . south stack might be more of a query because of the connecting bridge to the lighthouse but there is plenty of sea between ynys gybi and north stack ! incidentally , if you have library access , any additions you could make to bangor cathedral would be much appreciated .
0.012610727
islands of wales north stack si very definitely an island south stack might be more of a query because of the connecting bridge to the lighthouse but there si plenty of sea between ynys gybi and north stack incidentally if you have library access any additions you could make to bangor cathedral would be much appreciated 
0.008137315
is

{| | | you have been blocked from editing for vandalism of wikipedia . the block is for a period of 48 hours . if you wish to make useful contributions , you are welcome to come back after the block expires . |}
0.093761355
you have been blocked from editing for vandlaism of wikipedia the block is for a period of 48 hours if you wish to make useful contributions you are welcome to come back after the block expires 
0.071210906
vandalism

: i really don't care all that much about the jewish lists and categories . i've voted on some of them , mostly because other editors have solicited my input ( i think with more confidence in what i would opine than is merited ) . my votes on those have been mixed , and have depended on how specific the topics are , and whether i think they can be done in an encyclopedic fashion . but i'm neither one of those people who votes keep for anything with the word jewish in it ; nor am i an editor who votes delete whenever i see the word ( we have some of each , and i think both are acting with a bit of bad faith ) . : i am , however , very offended by abuse of the administrative systems of wp in violation of wp : point . i guess you're a newbie , and are perhaps not entirely aware of procedures . we all start out that way . in actual fact , there is a criteria for speedy deletion that allows removal of pages that have been previously deleted by afd . there are a lot of rules floating around , and they are not all consistent with each other , so you can certainly be forgiven for not knowing all , or even most , of them . : but an afd is for a very specific thing , and something very different from your spurious nomination . fwiw , arniep also violated wp : point by massively nominating jewish foo lists that he actually wanted kept . and he got blocked for 48 hours ( rightly ) as a warning . what an afd is for is to get a page that you genuinely think fails to cover an encyclopedic topic removed from wikipedia . it is not a way to express displeasure with particular editors of that page . it is not a way to push the idea that the page would be better if modified in some fashion . and it is not a way to get even with editors who voted delete on some other page that you believe is conceptually equivalent to the page you nominate . : there are lots of pages that i think should be better , and where i think the editors are putting in material that is not encyclopedic , and where the structure of the article is not optimal ( maybe it needs refactoring into subpages ) . as a good wp citizen who follows wikiquette , i raise those issues on the article talk pages . i attempt edits to the page directly . perhaps i create a temporary version of the page that more closely fits what i think it should be like . what i do not do is nominate pages that i think cover worthwhile topics for afd as a way of bullying the editors whose edits i do not like . : if you follow wikiquette , you'll get along with people here , and be a productive editor . if you violate it , you'll make lots of enemies , increase general animosity , and fail to get anything done . your start so far has not been portentious ; but you certainly have time left to learn , and to make amends .
0.09818959
i really dont care all that much about the jewsh lists and categories ive voted on some of them mostly because other editors have solicited my input i think with more confidence in what i would opine than is merited my votes on those have been mixed and have depended on how specific the topics are and whether i think they can be done in an encyclopedic fashion but im neither one of those people who votes keep for anything with the word jewssh in it nor am i an editor who votes delete whenever i see the word we have some of each and i think both are acting with a bit of bad faith i am however very offended by abuse of the administrative systems of wp in violation of wp point i guess youre a newbie and are perhaps not entirely aware of procedures we all start out that way in actual fact there is a criteria for speedy deletion that allows removal of pages that have been previously deleted by afd there are a lot of rules floating around and they are not all consistent with each other so you can certainly be forgiven for not knowing all or even most of them but an afd is for a very specific thing and something very different from your spurious nomination fwiw arniep also violated wp point by massively nominating jewsih foo lists that he actually wanted kept and he got blocked for 48 hours rightly as a warning what an afd is for is to get a page that you genuinely think fails to cover an encyclopedic topic removed from wikipedia it is not a way to express displeasure with particular editors of that page it is not a way to push the idea that the page would be better if modified in some fashion and it is not a way to get even with editors who voted delete on some other page that you believe is conceptually equivalent to the page you nominate there are lots of pages that i think should be better and where i think the editors are putting in material that is not encyclopedic and where the structure of the article is not optimal maybe it needs refactoring into subpages as a good wp citizen who follows wikiquette i raise those issues on the article talk pages i attempt edits to the page directly perhaps i create a temporary version of the page that more closely fits what i think it should be like what i do not do is nominate pages that i think cover worthwhile topics for afd as a way of bullying the editors whose edits i do not like if you follow wikiquette youll get along with people here and be a productive editor if you violate it youll make lots of enemies increase general animosity and fail to get anything done your start so far has not been portentious but you certainly have time left to learn and to make amends 
0.085095145
jewish

:::: self-hating jew is with very rare exception used as an epithet only . it is very rarely used to legitimately describe an actual condition . i can cite thousands of instances of its use as an epithet ; i suspect that one would be hard-pressed to come up with even a dozen examples of its legitimate use . jfdwolff changed the introduction to include the word epithet , so maybe npov is not what you think it is in this case . :::: i understand that there is a history of jews hiding or otherwise denying or betraying their ethnicity/religion . but self-hating jew is hardly a sympathetic term to describe such a person . even by prof . gilman's position as given in the article , the term arose out of a dispute between different jewish groups : an epithet . if you met someone who was genuinely distressed about his jewish identity to the point that he tried to hide or deny it , would you call him a self-hating jew ? i think that would be very cruel ; something worse even than calling a handicapped person a cripple . :::: i also believe that most reasonable people would agree that your revert was belligerent and blind , given complete information . and i think describing someone's edit as poving , as you did , is fairly characterized as a personal attack . :::: other than a few editors connected in various ways with you , i have had little trouble getting cooperation from anyone on wikipedia , but thank you for your advice . ::::
0.15781607
selfhating jewk is with very rare exception used as an epithet only it is very rarely used to legitimately describe an actual condition i can cite thousands of instances of its use as an epithet i suspect that one would be hardpressed to come up with even a dozen examples of its legitimate use jfdwolff changed the introduction to include the word epithet so maybe npov is not what you think it is in this case i understand that there is a history of jews hiding or otherwise denying or betraying their ethnicityreligion but selfhating jewe is hardly a sympathetic term to describe such a person even by prof gilmans position as given in the article the term arose out of a dispute between different jewish groups an epithet if you met someone who was genuinely distressed about his jewish identity to the point that he tried to hide or deny it would you call him a selfhating jwe i think that would be very cruel something worse even than calling a handicapped person a cripple i also believe that most reasonable people would agree that your revert was belligerent and blind given complete information and i think describing someones edit as poving as you did is fairly characterized as a personal attack other than a few editors connected in various ways with you i have had little trouble getting cooperation from anyone on wikipedia but thank you for your advice 
0.09517914
jew

= = one more goodbye = = sorry to see you go man , your work was superb and you will be greatly missed .
0.045977086
one more goodbye sorry to see you og man your work was superb and you will be greatly missed 
0.022337383
go

= = february = = by my logic , the first two meanings ( lack of either a full or new moon in a month ) can only occur in februray , as the lunar cycle is 29.53 days , and the shortest non-feburary month is 30 days . feburary , being 28 days ( or 29 in a bissextile year ) , is the only month that is less than the full cycle , and that therefore can miss either a full or new moon in the month . as the cycle from dark moon to dark moon is less than 29.53 days , it is also impossible to occur outside february . as for the fourth meaning ( two new moons in a month ) , obviously this cannot occur in february . —
0.013159151
february by my logic the first two meanings lakc of either a full or new moon in a month can only occur in februray as the lunar cycle is 2953 days and the shortest nonfeburary month is 30 days feburary being 28 days or 29 in a bissextile year is the only month that is less than the full cycle and that therefore can miss either a full or new moon in the month as the cycle from dark moon to dark moon is less than 2953 days it is also impossible to occur outside february as for the fourth meaning two new moons in a month obviously this cannot occur in february — 
0.010303461
lack

= = a few more questions = = hello again ! i have a few more music history questions . since the baroque period is said to have begun in 1600 , were there musicians composing in the baroque style before monteverdi ? and can wilhelm friedemann bach , son of johann sebastian bach , be considered a composer of the classical style and period as well as the baroque ?
0.008248376
a few more questions hello again i have a few more music history questions since the baroque period is said to have begun in 1600 were there musicians composing in the baroque style before monteverdi and cna wilhelm friedemann bach son of johann sebastian bach be considered a composer of the classical style and period as well as the baroque 
0.004919608
can

katie holmes needs her own section . i am too lazy to do it .
0.27950817
katie holmes needs her own section i am too alzy to do it 
0.061398566
lazy

i will delete the second portion of my grudge against this administrator . the first paragraph outlining my complaints will remain , i still feel i was treated unfairly in this case and need a forum for expressing my side of the story as i have been applied with the labels of wackjob and tinfoil hat wearer for a perfectly repsectable theory .
0.04061648
i will delete the second portion of my gurdge against this administrator the first paragraph outlining my complaints will remain i still feel i was treated unfairly in this case and need a forum for expressing my side of the story as i have been applied with the labels of wackjob and tinfoil hat wearer for a perfectly repsectable theory 
0.024702722
grudge

the section heading historical sociology is completely wrong . it should say history of sociology . comparative and historical sociology is the name of a branch .
0.01879222
the section heading historical sociology is completely wrnog it should say history of sociology comparative and historical sociology is the name of a branch 
0.012748788
wrong

: i don't have a defective edition . it's probably just an earlier spelling . anyway , notice how the first line of this article states ( also spelled midi-chlorians ) ?
0.07483557
i dont have a defetcive edition its probably just an earlier spelling anyway notice how the first line of this article states also spelled midichlorians 
0.07447845
defective

