: admins can see deleted pages anyway ; sammy can enjoy it till the cows come home . o
0.26601765
admins can see deleted pages anyway sammy can enjoy it till the cwos come home o 
0.09582701
cows

= = september 2006 = = please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to spam ( food ) . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . e
0.16059957
september 2006 please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia as you did to spam food it is considered vnadalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox e 
0.10996781
vandalism

whoops there goes yet another aol web proxy server . in real terms , how likely is it that random aol users come across this issue and decide to comment upon it ? please open your eyes joel , she is just making fun of you .
0.060954124
whoops there goes yet another aol web proxy server in real terms how likely si it that random aol users come across this issue and decide to comment upon it please open your eyes joel she si just making fun of you 
0.054172926
is

= = good article review = = very good work on the article , a few things before it gets ga status : * please set up character and setting sections like , for example , final fantasy v , this will allow uncrufty expansion on who master chief is and where the game takes place . * you could use more game manual citations in the gameplay section , several statements at least could use citations . * please add fair use rationales and sources to your images , you can also see final fantasy v for examples . once that is done , say so . you should continue on with this article to fa !
0.03998925
good article review very good work on the article a few things before it gets ga status please set up character and setting sections like for example final fantasy v this will allow uncrufty expansion on who master chief is and where the game takes place you could use more game manual citations in the gameplay section several statements at least could use citations please add fair use ratoinales and sources to your images you can also see final fantasy v for examples once that is done say so you should continue on with this article to fa 
0.016094143
rationales

: again , you persist with the vandalism . please stop - for your own sake . i fear that your outstanding character is being harmed here . all our discussion proved is that you do not want this article to have a balanced perspective . that is why i will not permit your vandalism to provide it with such bias . so please quit . and excuse me - i have to go take my medication . - lewis ranja
0.24961846
again you persist with the vandalim please stop for your own sake i fear that your outstanding character is being harmed here all our discussion proved is that you do not want this article to have a balanced perspective that is why i will not permit your vandalims to provide it with such bias so please quit and excuse me i have to go take my medication lewis ranja 
0.20766726
vandalism

it's called common sense ... i guess having a phd . doesn't make you that smart after all ...
0.19958204
its called common sesne i guess having a phd doesnt make you that smart after all 
0.12513503
sense

user sarah_ewart is onto something . this is a volatile , emotional situation , and because it's current , it's hard to decide what's really relevant or not , in the long run . the editorial comments are liable to be a bit overblown now , but that situation should remedy itself with time and perspective , and the junk ( like greer's comments ) should get weeded out . i maintain that greer is nothing more than a public figure taking advantage of that fact to put herself in the papers , and that story is about her , not about irwin . in the long run , it merits maybe 1 line here , and the rest should be in the greer article . i was thinking it compares a bit with the tom cruise - brooke shields story , in which cruise shot off his mouth about something he knows nothing about , post-partum depression . the difference is that shields answered him , and it became a dialogue of sorts . steve irwin has no such option in this case , and anyone else's self-serving editorial comments about him ( whether pro or con ) should ultimately be kept to a minimum in an article that claims to be encyclopedic .
0.108121775
user sarahewart is onto something this is a volatile emotional situation and because its current its hard to decide whats really relevant or not in the long run the editorial comments are liable to be a bit overblown now but that situation should remedy itself with time and perspective and the jnuk like greers comments should get weeded out i maintain that greer is nothing more than a public figure taking advantage of that fact to put herself in the papers and that story is about her not about irwin in the long run it merits maybe 1 line here and the rest should be in the greer article i was thinking it compares a bit with the tom cruise brooke shields story in which cruise shot off his mouth about something he knows nothing about postpartum depression the difference is that shields answered him and it became a dialogue of sorts steve irwin has no such option in this case and anyone elses selfserving editorial comments about him whether pro or con should ultimately be kept to a minimum in an article that claims to be encyclopedic 
0.09340901
junk

= = history = = does anyone believe a section on the hitsory of ingrown toenails would be useful ? comments ? hey - do ya know what my brother's podiatrist said to me when i asked him how they treated ingrowns before anaesthetic ? he said , whiskey and pliars . yikes .
0.13548642
history does anyone believe a section on the history of ingrown toenails would be useful comments hey do ya know what my brothers podiatrist said to me when i asked him how they treated ingrowns before anaesthetic he said whiskey and pliars yikes 
0.13457654
hitsory

migros ethic ? are you sure they don't sell alcohol ? i believe i saw an entire alcohol section in a migros the other day . i'll try and confirm this tomorrow .
0.16402386
migros ethic are you sure they dont sell acohol i believe i saw an entire alochol section in a migros the other day ill try and confirm this tomorrow 
0.13924074
alcohol

please do not replace wikipedia pages with blank content . blank pages are harmful to wikipedia because they have a tendency to confuse readers . if it is a duplicate article , please redirect it to an appropriate existing page . if the page has been vandalised , please revert it to the last legitimate version . if you feel that the content of a page is inappropriate , please edit the page and replace it with appropriate content . if you believe there is no hope for the page , please see the deletion policy for how to proceed . thanks for contributing to wikipedia !
0.059677333
please do not replace wikipedia pages with blank content blank pages are harmful to wikipedia because they have a tendency to confuse readers if it is a duplicate article please redirect it to an appropriate existing page if the page has been vandalised please revert it to the last legitimate version if you feel that the content of a page is inappropraite please edit the page and replace it with appropriate content if you believe there is no hope for the page please see the deletion policy for how to proceed thanks for contributing to wikipedia 
0.034059215
inappropriate

:: they will never go for this , due to the fact that they worked for ages to get even visual weight to the critcisms of him in placeanything to discredit someone they disagree with . my work on this was resolute to make it all npov , but it's hopelesscertain people will never go for it . see the criticisms section , how they included all the quotes en masse from the crticism pages ? similar attempts to put comments from jones into the article were routinely removed with comments like this isn't jones ' platform . however , it's ok to go the other way , apparently . of course , none of them will address what i'm saying here . systemic bias . leave the article protected . ()
0.04922122
they will never go for this due to the fact that they worked for ages to get even visual weight to the critcisms of him in placeanything to discredit someone they disagree with my work on this was resolute to make it all npov but its hopelesscertain people will never go for it see the criticisms section how they included all the quotes en masse from the crticism pages similar attempts to put comments from jones into the article were routinely removed with comments like this isnt jones platform however its ok to go the other way apparently of course none of them will address what im saying here systemic bisa leave the article protected 
0.045298986
bias

::: you can't flirt with an indefinite block . and the only reason you extended my block is because i made a joke about you . so unblock me before i contact another admin with an appeal .
0.15499315
you cant flirt with an indefinite block and the only reason you extended my block is because i made a jkoe about you so unblock me before i contact another admin with an appeal 
0.12673976
joke

= = causation of gulf war illness = = = = mercury poisoning - thimerosal = = it was confirmed beyond reasonable doubt that gulf war illness was caused by mercury poisoning from all 19 vaccines soldiers were forced to take cointaining deadly ethyl mercury alkso known as thimerosal , causing severe irreversible mercury poisoning and parkinsonian's symptoms . the vaccines manufacturers concealed the fact that all vaccines had deadly doses of ethgyl mercury causing cumulative mercury poisoning from all 19 vaccines given to great majority of veterans .
0.04569958
causation of gulf war illness mercury poisoning thimerosal it was confirmed beyond reasonable doubt that gulf war illness was caused by mercury poisoning from all 19 vaccines soldiers were forced to take cointaining diadly ethyl mercury alkso known as thimerosal causing severe irreversible mercury poisoning and parkinsonians symptoms the vaccines manufacturers concealed the fact that all vaccines had dedaly doses of ethgyl mercury causing cumulative mercury poisoning from all 19 vaccines given to great majority of veterans 
0.029492507
deadly

your edit to capital punishment thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . +
0.03483752
your edit to capital punsihment thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.015568665
punishment

i would say it's actually less because muslim countries don't follow rules or count minorities for their own gain . that is a fact . i would say less than a billion .
0.09514719
i would say its actually less because muslim countries dont follow rules or count minorities for their own gain that si a fact i would say less than a billion 
0.07211769
is

= = yearbook photo = = i'm sitting on the complete set of jimmy wales ' high school yearbook photos . the senior pic is in color and higher quality than the others , and there are pictures of him in the computer club and stuff like that . would the senior photo be appropriate or of interest here ?
0.019154545
yearbook photo im sitting on the complete set of jimmy wales high school yearbook photos the senior pci is in color and higher quality than the others and there are pictures of him in the computer club and stuff like that would the senior photo be appropriate or of interest here 
0.014194695
pic

except the gay republican bit , which is made up )
0.166045
except the agy republican bit which is made up 
0.10545832
gay

= = the new green line subway = = i've been on the new mbta type 8 3868 has automated next stop voices . inside there's a heads up display for example ( next stop is government center ) . so if you get a chamce to go to boston try and see if you can find the new subway .
0.08330887
the new green line subway ive been on the new mbta type 8 3868 hsa automated next stop voices inside theres a heads up display for example next stop is government center so if you get a chamce to go to boston try and see if you can find the new subway 
0.080386825
has

= = on our relationship = = so mr. schumen . you rally for the deletion of my article . you spit on all of modern society's conventions regarding peace and civility . and on top of all that , you sell thong underwear online . hence , i have come to an important conclusion : you are my newman . and thusly , i say this to you sir : hello ... schumen ...
0.38276362
on our relationship so mr schumen you rally for the deletion of my article you spit on all of modern societys conventions regarding peace and civility and on top of all that you sell thogn underwear online hence i have come to an important conclusion you are my newman and thusly i say this to you sir hello schumen 
0.37091306
thong

