= = this article is horrendous = = this is one of the worst , outrageously uninformed articles i have read on wikipedia . considering the current trend at undermining the sovereignty of the united states ( what little is left ) in articles , that is saying a lot . this is nothing but propaganda pushing crap from beginning to end .
0.40573257
this article is horrendous this is one of the worst outrageously uninformed articles i have read on wikipedia considering the current trend at undermining the sovereignty of the united states what little is left in articles that is saying a lot this is nothing but propaganda pushing crpa from beginning to end 
0.23587896
crap

: incest laws are purely motivated by eugenic principles , so quite the opposite is true . : the genius project was a success since it broke the taboo for other sperm banks with most now having eugenic principles to not accept donors who have genetic diseases running in the family . : unless you want to steer the article further down the path of intellectual dishonesty i'd say this article has an anti-eugenics stance .
0.14187413
incest laws are purely motivated by eugenic principles so quite the opposite is true the genius project was a success since it broke the taboo for other sperm banks with most now having eugenic principles to not accept donors who have genetic diseases running in the family unless you want to steer the article further down the path of intellectual dihsonesty id say this article has an antieugenics stance 
0.08977976
dishonesty

thanks nickelshoe . i'm trying . it seems like i dont have a huge contingent against me or anything , just friday maybe . but like i said , i think its very notable to certain individuals , and many universities have a bunch of their buildings listed .
0.037344422
thanks nickelshoe im trying it seems like i dont have a huge contingent against me or anything just friday maybe but like i said i think its very notable to certain individuals and many universities have a bunhc of their buildings listed 
0.032864932
bunch

come on man ...... your being rediculous just beacause you diagree with me . do you see what i wrote above before your wrote this ? be reasonable .
0.44652253
come on man your being rediuclous just beacause you diagree with me do you see what i wrote above before your wrote this be reasonable 
0.12692937
rediculous

alright , i did some major editing and searching for the page . holla if you see anything wrong .
0.0474086
alright i did some major editing and searching for the page holla if you see anything wrnog 
0.041232225
wrong

this article needs to stay and grow . in my opinion it should not be merged with rendering because it is a seperate concept that can be acheived with or without rendering . a virtual model can be done in many ways : diagram in uml , 2d sketch , or as a mathematical model without 3d rendering . these avenues need to be explored further , and the acticle expanded - perhaps by myself when i get a few minutes -)
0.008113109
this article needs to stay and grow in my opinion it should not be merged with rendering because it is a seperate concept that can be acheived with or without rendering a virtual model can be done in many ways diagram in uml 2d sketch or as a mathematical model without 3d rendering these avenues need to be explored further and the acticle expanded perhaps by myself when i get a few minuets 
0.007834273
minutes

so , does anybody here agrees with the section to be re-added per above conversation ?
0.030399125
so does anybody here agrees with the section to eb readded per above conversation 
0.0134981815
be

::::: so , how are things progressing ? i'd be happy to help if you need some /
0.020737637
so how are things progressing id eb happy to help if you need some 
0.016422924
be

:::: of course . but redirects can go in either direction . personally i think that both state highway x ( minnesota ) and minnesota state highway x are defensible . but on the talk page all contributors except you agreed to stick with the existing usage of minnesota state highway x , which is the form already in use on wikipedia in many minnesota highway articles . so that issue is settled . given that , and given the fact that this usage also is common usage in minnesota and in official publications by this state , it is not helpful to have people going into the articles themselves and changing wording from minnesota state highway x to some variant without the minnesota attributive in the compound noun . it appears like an atttempt to accomplish indirectly what the participants in the discussion ( other than you ) agreed should not be done in the title . i am not challenging your good faith , but i am suggesting that the articles with text using the term minnesota state highway x be left alone as they are consistent with common and official usage .
0.016469272
of course but redirects can go in either direction personally i think that both state highway x minnesota and minnesota state highway x are defensible but on the talk page all contributors except you agreed to sitck with the existing usage of minnesota state highway x which is the form already in use on wikipedia in many minnesota highway articles so that issue is settled given that and given the fact that this usage also is common usage in minnesota and in official publications by this state it is not helpful to have people going into the articles themselves and changing wording from minnesota state highway x to some variant without the minnesota attributive in the compound noun it appears like an atttempt to accomplish indirectly what the participants in the discussion other than you agreed should not be done in the title i am not challenging your good faith but i am suggesting that the articles with text using the term minnesota state highway x be left alone as they are consistent with common and official usage 
0.014084952
stick

furthermore , i'm going to have to give you a big fat * nobody cares * with the whimsy of the edits . they've been collaborated , checked and balanced . bad faith/good faith that's your personal opinion and it's all cited , so quit trying to revert it back into your autobiography .
0.5521782
furthermore im going to have to give you a big aft nobody cares with the whimsy of the edits theyve been collaborated checked and balanced bad faithgood faith thats your personal opinion and its all cited so quit trying to revert it back into your autobiography 
0.24961424
fat

what is the deal ? you said 48 hours . the other users of this ip address are getting agitataed . its been more than to full days .
0.048422534
what is the deal you said 48 hours the other users of this ip address rae getting agitataed its been more than to full days 
0.037979007
are

i'm a little puzzled by the end of the synopsis . according to the article the play was published in 1871 . yet gripper is said to declare himself to be sherlock holmes , a fictional character whose first published story appeared in 1886 . how can this be ? |
0.023248173
im a little puzzled by the end of the synopsis according to the article the play was published in 1871 yet gripper is said to decalre himself to be sherlock holmes a fictional character whose first published story appeared in 1886 how can this be 
0.008061264
declare

::: your comment and judgements were obviously made before i had a chance to complete my response . the evidence your provide above shows that you left your length outside view not even half way through my response , which means that you could only have actually seen only a tiny fraction of my side of the story before you began typing your so-called outside view . and may i ask you again : were you or were you not previously acquainted with aeon1006 or any of the uc riverside article editors prior to leaving your supposedly outside view ? ... or perhaps after egregiously violating wp : npa and wp : agf above , along with being proven that you left a partisan outside view in an rfc , you don't believe that dialogue ... can be productive anymore . ( how convenient ) .
0.056849238
your comment and judgements were obviously made before i had a chance to complete my response the evidence your provide above shows that you left your length outside view not even half way through my response which means that you could only have actually seen only a tiny fraction of my side of the story before you began typing your socalled outside view and may i ask you again were you or were you not previously acquainted with aeon1006 or any of the uc riverside article editors prior to leaving your supposedly outside view or perhaps after egregiously violating wp npa and wp agf above along with being proven that you left a partisan outside view in an rfc you dont believe that dialogue can eb productive anymore how convenient 
0.05575144
be

