: stop wanking so much . remember , only lotion prevents friction burn .
0.5894064
stop wanking so much remember only lotion prevents friction ubrn 
0.51478195
burn

:: i agree with you somewhat . you shouldn't be blocker for three reverting an asshole . ► ( ♥ ) ♪♫
0.7570391
i agree with you somewhat you shouldnt be blocker for three reverting an asshloe ► ♥ ♪♫ 
0.14264588
asshole

: finally , the fool has come to his senses . i don't know what to put in the article . i was only suggesting that something be put there . ► ( ♥ ) ♪♫
0.32739782
finally the folo has come to his senses i dont know what to put in the article i was only suggesting that something be put there ► ♥ ♪♫ 
0.09407303
fool

= = re = = so the same goes for the person i insulted ? let me help you to be just for one day unbiased : * it is true that there are fringe elements that do not believe in evolution . * however , someone who did not believe in evolution would have a very difficult time getting into graduate school in biology in any respectable accredited school anyplace in the world . * aside from a few religious fundamentalists who somehow feel that evolution challenges their beliefs ... * the antievolutionists are in the same camp as people who believe in extraterrestrials abducting people or cows , or in the loch ness monster , or ghosts , or vampires , or avoiding black cats , or any number of other unfounded beliefs that people adopt . * ... and nonbelievers in evolution * should an article on nasa have a big section on ufos and ufo abduction of farm animals ? * why would you think otherwise ? * among those with advanced training , i would expect this number to be far higher . i am not going to carry on with this list . if this is the way to go about and insult/attack people in this ambiguous , indirect manner , i'd be glad to change to that way . it would be fun to attack people personally by implying things between the lines , like your buddy did ( which you didn't warn ) . i am a very uncivil and aggressive person , so it would be fun to find alternative ways to personally attack those who do not directly insult me or my culture . actually , i don't give a crap what you people at wikipedia think . you're all a bunch of evolutionistic mythologists who are trying to force your lame hypotheses down the throats of those who still have the brain capacity to believe the more sensible alternative theories . thank you . ► ( ♥ ) ♪♫ : yes , i realised that . quite a lengthy period of time elapsed before you did so . i hereby retract my statement . just to inform you , do not remove user's comments from your talk page . doing so will only confuse fellow editors . ► ( ♥ ) ♪♫
0.29281658
re so the same goes for the person i insulted let me help you to be just for one day unbiased it is true that there are fringe elements that do not believe in evolution however someone who did not believe in evolution would have a very difficult time getting into graduate school in biology in any respectable accredited school anyplace in the world aside from a few religious fundamentalists who somehow feel that evolution challenges their beliefs the antievolutionists are in the same camp as people who believe in extraterrestrials abducting people or cows or in the loch ness monster or ghosts or vampires or avoiding black cats or any number of other unfounded beliefs that people adopt and nonbelievers in evolution should an article on nasa have a big section on ufos and ufo abduction of farm animals why would you think otherwise among those with advanced training i would expect this number to be far higher i am not going to carry on with this list if this is the way to go about and insultattack people in this ambiguous indirect manner id be glad to change to that way it would be fun to attack people personally by implying things between the lines like your buddy did which you didnt warn i am a very uncivil and aggressive person so it would be fun to find alternative ways to personally attack those who do not directly insult me or my culture actually i dont give a carp what you people at wikipedia think youre all a bunch of evolutionistic mythologists who are trying to force your lame hypotheses down the throats of those who still have the brain capacity to believe the more sensible alternative theories thank you ► ♥ ♪♫ yes i realised that quite a lengthy period of time elapsed before you did so i hereby retract my statement just to inform you do not remove users comments from your talk page doing so will only confuse fellow editors ► ♥ ♪♫ 
0.21786016
crap

* chemists are lazy people and in generally will not draw the hydrogen atoms , they are implied
0.35421318
chemists are layz people and in generally will not draw the hydrogen atoms they are implied 
0.055324197
lazy

giant jenga not sure why my entry for giant jenga was removed . clever vandalism ? i'm not that smart . this version , while heavy and bulky to store is has proven to be a hit at numerous parties . the idea should be shared !
0.08492746
giant jenga not sure why my entry for giant jenga was removed clever vandalims im not that smart this version while heavy and bulky to store is has proven to be a hit at numerous parties the idea should be shared 
0.038497653
vandalism

: so this includes removing things such as pointing out that creationist organization iscid's peer-reviewed journal is not actually peer-reviewed ? wp : bio does not mean remove all information that might be a bit embarassing to the subject .
0.05556729
so this includes removing things such as pointing out that creationist organization iscids peerreviewed journal is not actually peerreviewed wp bio does not mean remove all information that might be a bit embarassign to the subject 
0.033032544
embarassing

= = removal link to chinese wiki zh : 中国本土 = = reason , china proper and zh : 中国本土 have the different definition , one of the definition refered to all the territories of china . : please don't be pedantic , the treatment of 中国本土 is as close we can get to a discussion on china proper in chinese .
0.14085288
removal link to chinese wiki zh 中国本土 reason china proper and zh 中国本土 have the different definition one of the definition refered to all the territories of china please dont be epdantic the treatment of 中国本土 is as close we can get to a discussion on china proper in chinese 
0.1018629
pedantic

i have added a section called charting and have included only the facts regarding the charting and sales history of the cd , and comparisons to bat ii and the link between the hit singles and album success . that fact has been crucial for the success of these cds . i did not include any opinion in this , but the readers can make up their own mind . the entire write up is based on billboard information . i also added tour information regarding the bat iii tour . i would appreciate if you would not delete my additions without a valid reason or let me know if i need to add a proper reference for verification ( such as billboard , etc ) . but as i see it , the write up is within standards of wikipedia . i will also edit the new section later ( based on the result of new singles , charting , and cd sales ) .
0.0058224434
i have added a section called charting and have included only the facts regarding the charting and sales history of the cd and comparisons to bayt ii and the link between the hit singles and album success that fact has been crucial for the success of these cds i did not include any opinion in this but the readers can make up their own mind the entire write up is based on billboard information i also added tour information regarding the bta iii tour i would appreciate if you would not delete my additions without a valid reason or let me know if i need to add a proper reference for verification such as billboard etc but as i see it the write up is within standards of wikipedia i will also edit the new section later based on the result of new singles charting and cd sales 
0.0045975456
bat

::: this discussion has gone on a bit longer than i had expected . is right , while the fact that corrigan has expanded his acting repertoire is interesting , the video doesn't add to that information . simply adding a short blurb , to the effect that corrigan has recently starred in a low budget horror film should be enough .
0.019151319
this discussion has gone on a bit longer than i had expected is right while the fact that corrigan has expanded his acting repertoire is interesting the video doesnt add to that information simply adding a short blurb to the effect that corrigan has recently starred in a low budget hororr film should be enough 
0.016308092
horror

= = thank you for the suggestion . up until now i've never needed an account since i just read through the articles . however , as you've noticed , there's been quite a rise in vandalism lately . i'm guessing this is because we've been encouraging our students to use this site as a resource for their research papers . whatever the case , i thank you and steel359 for dealing with the students , and i'm sorry for any trouble they have caused you two . regards , mrs. dawn booher ( i do hope i've put this response in the correct section , but i apologize if i didn't )
0.030795163
thank you for the suggestion up until now ive never needed an account since i just read through the articles however as youve noticed theres been quite a rise in vandlaism lately im guessing this is because weve been encouraging our students to use this site as a resource for their research papers whatever the case i thank you and steel359 for dealing with the students and im sorry for any trouble they have caused you two regards mrs dawn booher i do hope ive put this response in the correct section but i apologize if i didnt 
0.013193698
vandalism

pardon me , but do my diffs not already show him calling me a troll , a liar , and a failed writer ? none of those are content disputes , surely . further , this user shows some serious contempt for the way things are done here carrying on on the personal attacks notification board .
0.37592557
pardon me but do my diffs not already show him calling me a troll a lair and a failed writer none of those are content disputes surely further this user shows some serious contempt for the way things are done here carrying on on the personal attacks notification board 
0.3036162
liar

: i think that in most formal english style not dealing with technical subjects , the usual way would be five cats and 50 elephants , while universally in a true list or table it would be * cats : 5 * elephants : 50 but certainly within the context of finance or engineering or the like , the numerical style is always used . in the sandy koufax article , line 93 plus , we have 5th day 4th day which is ok , as is fifth day fourth day and in the same sentence 34 starts 41 starts 7 fewer starts . which is ok , but the one thing that would strike a reader as wrong would be 34 starts , 41 starts , seven starts . speaking for myself , why change a consistent article when there are so many that are not consistent in need of improvement ?
0.024742391
i think that in most formal english style not dealing with technical subjects the usual way would be five cats and 50 elephants while universally in a true list or table it would be cats 5 elephants 50 but certainly within the context of finance or engineering or the like the numerical style is always used in the sandy koufax article line 93 plus we have 5th day 4th day which is ok as is fifth day fourth day and in the same sentence 34 starts 41 starts 7 fewer starts which is ok but the one thing that would strike a reader as wrogn would be 34 starts 41 starts seven starts speaking for myself why change a consistent article when there are so many that are not consistent in need of improvement 
0.01595272
wrong

yoo should add category : animals
0.06390351
yoo should add category anmials 
0.037487958
animals

: it's definitely [ p Λ l Λ n s ] , dear movses . extremely sexy
0.26950094
its definitely p Λ l Λ n s dear movses extremely sxey 
0.13314183
sexy

you are warned that your vandalism of the [ don murphy]page must cease . colscott = = don murphy = = please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia . you are warned that your vandalism of the [ don murphy]page must cease . colscott colscottcolscott sorry monkey the page got locked while we figure out who you are and report you to your employer . you got pwned !
0.4077033
you are warned that your vandalpsm of the don murphypage must cease colscott don murphy please stop if you continue to vandalize pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia you are warned that your vandlaism of the don murphypage must cease colscott colscottcolscott sorry monkey the page got locked while we figure out who you are and report you to your employer you got pwned 
0.37260395
vandalism

