further recherche = = boris beresowski * http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/boris_abramowitsch_beresowski * http://www.taz.de/pt/2003/05/10/a0276.1/text * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boris_berezovsky who founded a party with two other people , sergej juschenkow and wladimir golowljow , and who was a voter pro putin-vote-contrahent iwan rybkin in 2004 * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ivan_rybkin * http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/iwan_petrowitsch_rybkin had to realize , that both other party founders sergej juschenkow and wladimir golowljow were murdered , by the kreml or by beresowsky himself ? boris beresowski was a tv-manager , so he choosed the slow public death of alexander litvinenko to destroy the image of putin ? * http://www.spiegel.de/politik/ausland/0,1518,450713,00.html though , alexander litvinenko was doing a recherche to the death aof anna politkovskaja . * http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/anna_stepanowna_politkowskaja * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anna_politkovskaya the recherche has to find out now , if boris beresowski has a contamination of polonium 210 , or - which forces within russia do not want a modern kremel with - and of course why anna politkovskaja was murdered by the kremel . too many death peaople : alexander litvinenko , sergej juschenkow and wladimir golowljow , and anna politkovskaja . if boris berezovsky would die as well , vladimir putin would be in hard conflicts . as ivan rybkin is a founder of the conservative party * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communist_party_of_the_russian_federation * http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/kommunistische_partei_der_russischen_föderation and a good friend of boris beresowski , both contrahents of putin , the motives of the death of alexander litvinenko maybe found in the relationsships of ivan rybkin to the russian federation . * http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/sicherheitsrat_der_russischen_föderation secretary of the federation is : 2001 - 2004 wladimir ruschailo , he has to be asked as well towards the topics , because his period ended as well with the beginning of putin . ivan rybkin was the security-secretary of the russian federation and as well special-secretary for the tschetschenien-war . he was called mr. consens so he made peace with them in a mute way - the opposite of putin : a loud war . and this was as well the topic of anna politkovskaya and alexander litvinenko : the war against tschetschenien , which should be strategic product of burning the house down -putin , in their eyes . so the real focus is the nowerdays work of ivan rybkin . = =
0.15372595
further recherche boris beresowski httpdewikipediaorgwikiborisabramowitschberesowski httpwwwtazdept20030510a02761text httpenwikipediaorgwikiborisberezovsky who founded a party with two other people sergej juschenkow and wladimir golowljow and who was a voter pro putinvotecontrahent iwan rybkin in 2004 httpenwikipediaorgwikiivanrybkin httpdewikipediaorgwikiiwanpetrowitschrybkin had to realize that both other party founders sergej juschenkow and wladimir golowljow were murdered by the kreml or by beresowsky himself boris beresowski was a tvmanager so he choosed the slow public deah of alexander litvinenko to destroy the image of putin httpwwwspiegeldepolitikausland0151845071300html though alexander litvinenko was doing a recherche to the deaht aof anna politkovskaja httpdewikipediaorgwikiannastepanownapolitkowskaja httpenwikipediaorgwikiannapolitkovskaya the recherche has to find out now if boris beresowski has a contamination of polonium 210 or which forces within russia do not want a modern kremel with and of course why anna politkovskaja was murdered by the kremel too many deatrh peaople alexander litvinenko sergej juschenkow and wladimir golowljow and anna politkovskaja if boris berezovsky would die as well vladimir putin would be in hard conflicts as ivan rybkin is a founder of the conservative party httpenwikipediaorgwikicommunistpartyoftherussianfederation httpdewikipediaorgwikikommunistischeparteiderrussischenföderation and a good friend of boris beresowski both contrahents of putin the motives of the detah of alexander litvinenko maybe found in the relationsships of ivan rybkin to the russian federation httpdewikipediaorgwikisicherheitsratderrussischenföderation secretary of the federation is 2001 2004 wladimir ruschailo he has to be asked as well towards the topics because his period ended as well with the beginning of putin ivan rybkin was the securitysecretary of the russian federation and as well specialsecretary for the tschetschenienwar he was called mr consens so he made peace with them in a mute way the opposite of putin a loud war and this was as well the topic of anna politkovskaya and alexander litvinenko the war against tschetschenien which should be strategic product of burning the house down putin in their eyes so the real focus is the nowerdays work of ivan rybkin 
0.09650947
death

= = please stop vandalizing = = please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia . —
0.14800106
please stop vandalizing please stop if you continue to vandlaize pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia — 
0.14309612
vandalize

= = go and get laid = = get yourself a nice boy/girlfriend and have a little fun . maybe it'll make you a little less uptight , and give you an alternative to being an online equivalent of a mall security guard .
0.52187026
go and get laid get yourself a nice boygirlfriend and have a little fun maybe itll make you a little less uptihgt and give you an alternative to being an online equivalent of a mall security guard 
0.3025113
uptight

she is not an undocumented worked , as she is not working . it is unfair to punish me with my attempt to include a key fact ( i have modified it is several different ways in an attempt to compromise , but to also make sure this critically important fact is included in the article ) . i have fairly and accurately stated that she should be listed as an illegal immigrant/alien in the history as you initially asked . ( others , you twice and ramsey2006 has done three reverts . not only to undo my additions , but the person with address 68 . whatever ) the fact that biased sources ( i.e. people with links to groups involved in the story with an agenda can revert a known fact for political reason completely undermines wikipedia . ) know , this is the first article i have attempted to edit , but this omission is considerable . now , i am learning as i go , i put clear reasons in the history for my change , at your request , but you have punished me a second time , by reverting back . reasoning : somebody who crosses the border illegally is an illegal alien . elvira arellano is therefore an illegal alien . elvira arellano may also be an undocumented worker , but so a teenager who does not report baby sitting wages . to list elvira arellano as solely and undocumented worker , with no reference to her being an illegal immigrant/alien is factually negligent . countless news articles refer to her as such : *[] *[] even cnn from this transcript : * [] listen , you are the admin , you can block me if you want , but i hope this is sufficient to have her listed as an illegal immigrant/alien . please let me know what you end up deciding also i am being honest when i state the 68 . something ip is another individual who had this very same fact edited out and who provided support for it as well .
0.09055522
she is not an undocumented worked as she is not working it is unfair to punish me with my attempt to include a key fact i have modified it is several different ways in an attempt to compromise but to also make sure this critically important fact is included in the article i have fairly and accurately stated that she should be listed as an igllegal immigrantalien in the history as you initially asked others you twice and ramsey2006 has done three reverts not only to undo my additions but the person with address 68 whatever the fact that biased sources ie people with links to groups involved in the story with an agenda can revert a known fact for political reason completely undermines wikipedia know this is the first article i have attempted to edit but this omission is considerable now i am learning as i go i put clear reasons in the history for my change at your request but you have punished me a second time by reverting back reasoning somebody who crosses the border illegally is an illdgal alien elvira arellano is therefore an i l l e g a l alien elvira arellano may also be an undocumented worker but so a teenager who does not report baby sitting wages to list elvira arellano as solely and undocumented worker with no reference to her being an iflegal immigrantalien is factually negligent countless news articles refer to her as such even cnn from this transcript listen you are the admin you can block me if you want but i hope this is sufficient to have her listed as an illegla immigrantalien please let me know what you end up deciding also i am being honest when i state the 68 something ip is another individual who had this very same fact edited out and who provided support for it as well 
0.08298521
illegal

= = brian leet tran = = a tag has been placed on brian leet tran , requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia . this has been done because the article seems to be about a person , group of people , band , club , company , or web content , but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable ( see the guidelines for notability here ) . if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable , you may contest the tagging . to do this , please add on the top of the page and leave a note on the article's talk page explaining your position . please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself . please read the criteria for speedy deletion ( specifically , articles #7 ) and our general biography criteria . feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this .
0.012123064
brian leet tran a tag h a s been placed on brian leet tran requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia this ahs been done because the article seems to be about a person group of people band club company or web content but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable see the guidelines for notability here if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable you may contest the tagging to do this please add on the top of the page and leave a note on the articles talk page explaining your position please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself please read the criteria for speedy deletion specifically articles 7 and our general biography criteria feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this 
0.01006497
has

::::: the judge's remarks in this particular case were widely reported in the mainstream media not least because they were such strong and unusual statements . it is quite appropriate , therefore , to include the quote in this article . to try and hide such details would create a biased article in favour of mr allason .
0.015310876
the judges remarks in this particular case were widely reported in the mainstream media not least because they were such strong and unusual statements it is quite appropriate therefore to include the quote in this article to try and hide such details would create a biaesd article in favour of mr allason 
0.012162343
biased

= = november 2006 = = the edit you made to loyalist ( this revision ) constitutes vandalism , and has been reverted . if you are interested in making useful contributions , see the welcome page and the introduction to editing . however , please do not continue to vandalise pages ; such edits will be reverted and you will be blocked from further editing –
0.028106019
november 2006 the edit you made to loyalist this revision constitutes vandalims and has been reverted if you are interested in making useful contributions see the welcome page and the introduction to editing however please do not continue to vandalise pages such edits will be reverted and you will be blocked from further editing – 
0.01637245
vandalism

i don't believe we should merge these pages ... cdp's are completely seperate entities in discussion from military instalations and should be treated as such .
0.09554098
i dont believe we s h o u l d merge these pages cdps are completely seperate entities in discussion from military instalations and shuold be treated as such 
0.08923831
should

i checked it out from the library this weekend and i didn't hear any cursing . thank you for your help . rev . daniel j .
0.046424247
i checked it out from the library this weekend and i didnt hear any cursnig thank you for your help rev daniel j 
0.012950275
cursing

he's on all day and all night , reverting edits to everything , the irish hitler as it were , not allowing anything that he can't confirm himself . the only ime you can get away with it is on friday nights , when he presents the late late .
0.19721852
hes on all day and all night reverting edits to everything the irish htiler as it were not allowing anything that he cant confirm himself the only ime you can get away with it is on friday nights when he presents the late late 
0.050577264
hitler

uhm .... why does it link to the dc comic hangman in the part where it lists some of the villians she's fought ?
0.17407292
uhm why does it link to the dc comic hangman in the part where it lists some of the ivllians shes fought 
0.034502447
villians

= = ma'ariv== izak , i found this comment odd . all abrahamic religions are praying to the same god . ''''
0.05267427
maariv izak i found this comment odd all abrahamic relgiions are praying to the same god 
0.0424016
religions

