= = vandalism of my user page = = please do not vandalize my user page . i am also a bc resident and i am sick of all you damn potheads . if i was in power i'd round you all up and shoot you like to horrible animals you are . i'd make hitler & stalin look like cartoon characters ! fuck you , you worthless peice of shit .
0.96959656
vandalism of my user page please do not vandalize my user page i am also a bc resident and i am sick of all you damn potheads if i was in power id round you all up and shoot you like to horrible animals you are id make hitler stalin look like cartoon characters fuck you you worthless peice of hsit 
0.9634243
shit

i suspect we may not see eye to eye politically friend , but you should not try to censor me . i'm just being neighborly , i'm new to wikipedia .
0.12750264
i suspect we may not see eye to eye politically friend but you should not try to censro me im just being neighborly im new to wikipedia 
0.09048104
censor

= = fergus graham = = heho , i have made two little corrections and have added the lord lieutenant-box . by the way it is obviously exaggerated to call me an expert , but nevertheless thanks . -) greetings ~ ~ ~ ~
0.016164843
fergus graham heho i have made two littel corrections and have added the lord lieutenantbox by the way it is obviously exaggerated to call me an expert but nevertheless thanks greetings 
0.015530395
little

declining quality = = the show is beginning to lose it a bit . there hasn't been a good episode since season 15 , and homer simpson has become stupider than normal ! anyone else agree !? tim , december 3 , 2006 = =
0.31036898
declining quality the show is beginning to lose it a bit there hasnt been a good episode since season 15 and homer simpson has become stuipder than normal anyone else agree tim december 3 2006 
0.011252245
stupider

= = no big deal , but .... = = regarding your very recent relocation of some equations in the hydrodesulfurization article . as the primary author of that new article , i deliberately had the two equations further to the left of the page because i believe it looks better that way . do you feel very strongly that they should be centered as you did ? if not , i would like to revert your change . please let me know here on your talk page . regards , -
0.0744646
no big deal but regarding your very recent relocation of some equations in the hydrodesulfurization article as the primary author of that new article i deliberately ahd the two equations further to the left of the page because i believe it looks better that way do you feel very strongly that they should be centered as you did if not i would like to revert your change please let me know here on your talk page regards 
0.054571938
had

= = just a clarification ... = = man , if you think it was me ( kumarnator ) that wrote that fowler and fowler was indian ; it wasnt . i am the one trying to diminish pakistani/muslim/arab propaganda on wikipedia . thanks , and good luck on wikiproject hinduism !!!!!
0.10652703
just a clarification man if you think it was me kumarnator that wrote that fowler and fowler was indian it wasnt i am the one trying to diminish pakistanimuslimarab rpopaganda on wikipedia thanks and good luck on wikiproject hinduism 
0.013885778
propaganda

third warning . stop adding pirate warez sites to wikipedia .
0.13139392
third warning stpo adding pirate warez sites to wikipedia 
0.083280906
stop

wow , what a blatant racist you are . have you considered therapy ?
0.74698716
wow what a blatant racsit you are have you considered therapy 
0.4933784
racist

::::::: no , / has not been established as a sockpuppet of . you must wp : agf otherwise . besides , sc's ban is really not so much a ban as it is a block . - ()
0.2940168
no has not been established as a sokcpuppet of you must wp agf otherwise besides scs ban is really not so much a ban as it is a block 
0.21075094
sockpuppet

= = reviewing blocks = = you said : i'd also like to ask you that in future , for the sake of fairness and due process that you do not decline the unblock requests of users you block yourself unless the request is pure nonsense or abusive . from an ethical , reviews of blocks are meant to be carried out by a 3rd party . : will do . i thought it was pretty clear in this case , given the editor's user page ( gnaa , etc ., etc ., etc . ) , that the unblock request was pure nonsense . also , i was under the impression that the unblock request would still be visible and reviewed by other admins . i'll be more careful in the future .
0.17514035
reviewing blocks you said id also like to ask you that in future for the sake of fairness and due process that you do not decline the unblock requests of users you block yourself unless the request is pure onsense or abusive from an ethical reviews of blocks are meant to be carried out by a 3rd party will do i thought it was pretty clear in this case given the editors user page gnaa etc etc etc that the unblock request was pure nonsnese also i was under the impression that the unblock request would still be visible and reviewed by other admins ill be more careful in the future 
0.11505754
nonsense

= = firearms 2 ( computer game ) deletion question = = i . —
0.038028907
ifrearms 2 computer game deletion question i — 
0.011917139
firearms

and albanians have that white hat in the head same like the jewish and have different names , and they are very ancient people and their main beleive is freedom . and are not religiose people , or belive in god .
0.21026096
and albanians have that whtie hat in the head same like the jewish and have different names and they are very ancient people and their main beleive is freedom and are not religiose people or belive in god 
0.19847137
white

= = ovw female talent = = i removed the tags for deletion posted to katie lea and roni jonah . both are noteworthy in that they are under developmental deals with wwe and wrestle in ovw , one of the most notable independent federations in the u.s. lea is the current women's champion of ovw .
0.08568133
ow female talent i removed the tags for deletion posted to katie lea and roni jonah both are noteworthy in that they are under developmental deals with wwe and wrestle in ow one of the most notable independent federations in the us lea is the current womens champion of owv 
0.04094942
ovw

edit summaries like no spewing crap out of your ass are not acceptable .
0.9035385
edit summaries like no spewing crap out of your sas are not acceptable 
0.7322042
ass

= = look at mitanni's page = = look at the mitanni page http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mitanni you see the see also hayasa-azzi first link . also read carefully of the historiagraphy and consider the first part of the invading of syria ( assyria ) which mitanni did . and of course its the armenian highland since tigran the great's time there was even a greater armenia than the mitanni take those parts of armenian highland . also you see nairi is there with a link to armenia in mitanni's page . so put mitanni back in ethnogenesis . even if you dont now as soon as im ready with references and info it will be clear that mitanni should be there . like i said its not just about that but look at our timeline there is a gap from haik to hayasa more than 1000 year gap ? i dont think thats how it is . what for 1000 years armenians were nothing ?? so let's get to the truth .
0.038039174
look at mitannis page look at the mitanni page httpenwikipediaorgwikimitanni you see the see also hayasaazzi first link also read carefully of the historiagraphy and consider the first part of the invading of syria assyria which mitanni did and of course its the armenian highland since tigran the greats time there was even a greater armenia than the mitanni take those parts of armenian highland also you see nairi is there with a link to armenia in mitannis page so put mitanni back in ethnogenesis even if you dont now as soon as im ready with references and info it will be clear that mitanni should be there like i said its not just about that but look at our timeline there is a gap from haik to hayasa more than 1000 year gap i dont think thats how it is what for 1000 years armenians were nothnig so lets get to the truth 
0.032674227
nothing

: again : isn't there a single wikipedia editor in oregon or washington who could just go to a local public library and look at the oregonian archives from the 1930s ? and isn't there someone who can do the same at one of the big french academic libraries ? i am sure if someone did that on each side of the atlantic , this debate could be resolved in a few minutes .
0.041615147
again isnt there a single wikipedia editor in oregon or washington who could just go to a local public library and look at the oregonian archives from the 1930s and isnt there someone who can do the same at one of the ibg french academic libraries i am sure if someone did that on each side of the atlantic this debate could be resolved in a few minutes 
0.033473454
big

= = warning : member the wikipedian greek nationalistic junta . by = = there’s a well collaborated ( london based ) group of greek wikipedia sysops/users that has been spotted to work systematically in full daily basis propagandazing ultra natioanalistic greek pov , and distorting related articles . they intervene in any balkan history and politics related article , pushing greek pov , launch edit wars , and repeated reverts of vandalized by them versions , permanent deletions , block users , merges and redirects to deletetion of undesired new articles . their main target is to distort all articles lelated to islam , turkey , rebublic of macedonia , bulgaria , albania ( chameria ) , their minorities in greece and their history . they attack every article criticizing greece transforming it to greekish propaganda pov . they became maniacs in optimizing dark side of greek history . they communicate each other by secret e-mails avoiding messages through their talk pages to avoid publicity . this group acting in a systematic way to revert articles , when one of member makes the limit of 3 reverts , one another continues with 4th revert to avoid punishment for violating 3rv rule . furthermore they are suspected agents of greek national intelligence service ( e . y . Π . Κυπατζήδες) and believers of ultra nationalistic organizations of greek “ national interests ” , as l.a.o.s. and chrissi avgi . they are also multiple sockpuppets and impersonators of their group members . they are all schizophrenics web vandals unacceptible to wikipedian community . balkan history has labelled such people as grekomans , a form of mental malignacy cited in larousse dictionaries . their illusion is megali idea of greek nationalism-expandism . they have been allied with armenian , serbian and cypriot extremists of similar interest . they have constituted a wikipedian gung , a greek prapaganda lobby , a greek epsilon team . all member of group are very radical nationalists . they work continously in three shifts over day and night . to verify chek their contributions , talk page , edits , deletions , blocks , directs , protected pages and act properly . wikipedia isn’t the right place to propagandize for “ god’s elit nations ” as greece . members of gung involved : * sysop , he’s the chief-manager of group , recently probated by wikipedia , suspected agent of greek intelligence * ( sysop ) , greek , close collaborator of khoikhoi * ( sysop ) , ) , close collaborator of khoikhoi * greek , confirmed multiple sock puppet * , greek , confirmed sock puppet * greek , close collaborator of euthymios , vassal of khoikhoi * greek , confirmed collaborator of khkoikhoi and future perfect at sunrise * greektab_token * , greek * greek , close collaporator of khoikhoi and aldux * , greek * greek
0.20716469
warning member the wikipedian greek nationalistic junta by there’s a well collaborated london based group of greek wikipedia sysopsusers that has been spotted to work systematically in full daily basis propagandazing ultra natioanalistic greek pov and distorting related articles they intervene in any balkan history and politics related article pushing greek pov launch edit wars and repeated reverts of vandalized by them versions permanent deletions block users merges and redirects to deletetion of undesired new articles their main target is to distort all articles lelated to islam turkey rebublic of macedonia bulgaria albania chameria their minorities in greece and their history they attack every article criticizing greece transforming it to greekish propaganda pov they became maniacs in optimizing dark side of greek history they communicate each other by secret emails avoiding messages through their talk pages to avoid publicity this group acting in a systematic way to revert articles when one of member makes the limit of 3 reverts one another continues with 4th revert to avoid punishment for violating 3rv rule furthermore they are suspected agents of greek national intelligence service e y Π Κυπατζήδες and believers of ultra nationalistic organizations of greek “ national interests ” as laos and chrissi avgi they are also multiple sockpuppets and impersonators of their group members they are all schizophrenics web vandals unacceptible to wikipedian community balkan history has labelled such people as grekomans a form of mental malignacy cited in larousse dictionaries their illusion is megali idea of greek nationalismexpandism they have been allied with armenian serbian and cypriot extremists of similar interest they have constituted a wikipedian gung a greek prapaganda lobby a greek epsilon team all member of group are very radical nationalists they work continously in three shifts over day and night to verify chek their contributions talk page edits deletions blocks directs protected pages and act properly wikipedia isn’t the right place to propagandize for “ god’s elit nations ” as greece members of gung involved sysop he’s the chiefmanager of group recently probated by wikipedia suspected agent of greek intelligence sysop greek close collaborator of khoikhoi sysop close collaborator of khoikhoi greek confirmed multiple sokc puppet greek confirmed scok puppet greek close collaborator of euthymios vassal of khoikhoi greek confirmed collaborator of khkoikhoi and future perfect at sunrise greektabtoken greek greek close collaporator of khoikhoi and aldux greek greek 
0.14143836
sock

why is the infobox an image ? if we're going to display an infobox ( to which i am not opposed ) , make it a real one , not a screenshot of a real one .
0.012734136
why is the infobox an image if were going to display an infobox to which i am not opposed amke it a real one not a screenshot of a real one 
0.009345126
make

