: how expanded can this article be ? and what's wrong with adding this information to the veronica mars article ? || ||
0.03371066
how expanded can this article be and whats wrnog with adding this information to the veronica mars article 
0.032761406
wrong

please do not edit the user pages of other contributors without their approval or consent , as you did with user : wilikas . it may be seen as vandalism .
0.045488223
please do not edit the user pages of other contributors without their approval or consent as you did with user wilikas it may be seen as vandailsm 
0.02656514
vandalism

please do not edit the user pages of other contributors without their approval or consent , as you did with berlin blockade . it may be seen as vandalism .
0.018497074
please do not edit the user pages of other contributors without their approval or consent as you did with berlin blockade it may be seen as vandlaism 
0.008157927
vandalism

:: die-hard fans tend to notice things that casual and bandwagon fans do not . thanks in advance for looking after this !
0.16505995
diehard fans tend to notice things that casual and bandwagon fans od not thanks in advance for looking after this 
0.047624074
do

= = infobox = = the infobox has an obvious typo : appearance is misspelled . can someone fix the spelling ?
0.020438876
infobox the infobox has an obvious typo appearance si misspelled can someone fix the spelling 
0.01793703
is

i am new to this . why can the existing kamb article mention midnight massacre larp at origins and i cannot mention the kamb larp at archon 30 ? i did not see how the origins paragraph rises to the level of reliable sources you expect me to meet .
0.03832439
i am new to this why can the existing kamb article mention midnight massacer larp at origins and i cannot mention the kamb larp at archon 30 i did not see how the origins paragraph rises to the level of reliable sources you expect me to meet 
0.018729452
massacre

:::::::: you're wrong . they did not think that profits should be divided equally amongst all producers , employer and employee alike with no hierarchy in the workplace . you're just making this stuff up off the top of your head . they thought that that there would be no profits due to free market competition . it is not a matter of splitting profits up , but that they just wouldnt exist . they thought that competition would drive prices to match up with labor costs of production . and you're wrong about them opposing employer-employee hierarchy . voltairine de cleyre , in explaining individulist anarchism , said individualist anarchists , the system of employer and employed , buying and selling , banking , and all the other essential institutions of commercialism , centered upon private property , are in themselves good , and are rendered vicious merely by the interference of the state . and you're wrong that they opposed absentee ownership . they supported full private property rights for the product of labor , except most of them oppose it for land . lysander spooner was an exception . he had the same lockean ownership of land philosophy as anarcho-capitalists .
0.14401835
youre wrong they did not think that profits should be divided equally amongst all producers employer and employee alike with no hierarchy in the workplace youre just making this stuff up off the top of your heda they thought that that there would be no profits due to free market competition it is not a matter of splitting profits up but that they just wouldnt exist they thought that competition would drive prices to match up with labor costs of production and youre wrong about them opposing employeremployee hierarchy voltairine de cleyre in explaining individulist anarchism said individualist anarchists the system of employer and employed buying and selling banking and all the other essential institutions of commercialism centered upon private property are in themselves good and are rendered vicious merely by the interference of the state and youre wrong that they opposed absentee ownership they supported full private property rights for the product of labor except most of them oppose it for land lysander spooner was an exception he had the same lockean ownership of land philosophy as anarchocapitalists 
0.13148463
head

thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do . take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.008935379
thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia a link to the edit i have reverted can eb found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.008722497
be

: imo , koenig is a perfectly good source and has the advantage of being online . how is he controversial ? of course , there is a lot of autobiographical material in grant's own books . beyond that , i am not aware of anyone writing about him . —
0.01368418
imo koenig iss a perfectly good source and has the advantage of being online how ip he controversial of course there si a lot of autobiographical material in grants own books beyond that i am not aware of anyone writing about him — 
0.0103782015
is

::::::: you're still confusing the policy statement with the policy itself when i just explained it to you ? read my posts before replying ::::::: a policy statement updates the policy . a policy statement is not the entire policy . ::::::: this is legal knowledge 101 here !
0.028456585
youre still confusing the policy statement with the policy itself when i just explained it to you read my posts before replying a policy statement updates the policy a policy statement i not the entire policy this si legal knowledge 101 here 
0.025768524
is

:: bollocks that's original research ! that's quoting the cps !
0.20630644
obllocks thats original research thats quoting the cps 
0.05264279
bollocks

warning you deleted , in the larry craig article , the documented mention of the press coverage of the rogers outing the following three times within the last 24 hours . the section appears to comply with wp : blp as it lists mainstream media coverage of the accusation and denial , rather than the unconfirmed claim itself . further reverts may result in a block . the section has been called by other names , so if that is your only objection , you could discuss changing to the earlier name of the section , or removing the section name , since yeaterday the info was just included under the “ personal ” section rather than unconfirmed rumor . please improve the article by negotiating npov wording in the talk section rather than by serial reverting . if the material violates wp : blp or is libelous , so that the #rr does not apply , then reverts made to enforce this provision are generally not considered contentious . however , it can be easy to confuse removing potentially libellous material with an edit war over neutrality issues , which are contentious edits . err on the side of caution : do not repeatedly remove material you consider defamatory unless it is blatant , and seek intervention from others early at biographies of living persons/noticeboard . : revision as of ( edit ) tbeatty ( talk | contribs ) ( wp : blp deleted improperly added unverified rumors ) revision as of ( edit ) tbeatty ( talk | contribs ) ( → unconfirmed rumors - blp - no place in wikipeida for unconfirmed rumors ) revision as of ( edit ) tbeatty ( talk | contribs ) ( → unconfirmed rumors - does anybody really think a section called unconfirmed rumors belongs in a blp ( or anywhere else ) in wikipedia ? )
0.025157994
warning you deleted in the larry craig article the documented mention of the press coverage of the rogers outing the following three times within the last 24 hours the section appears to comply with wp blp as it lists mainstream media coverage of the accusation and denial rather than the unconfirmed claim itself further reverts may result in a block the section has been called by other names so if that is your only objection you could discuss changing to the earlier name of the section or removing the section name since yeaterday the info was just included under the “ personal ” section rather than unconfirmed rumor please improve the article by negotiating npov wording in the talk section rather than by serial reverting if the material violates wp blp or is libelous so that the rr does not apply then reverts made to enforce this provision are generally not considered contentious however it can be easy to confuse removing potentially libellous material with an edit war over neutrality issues which are contentious edits err on the side of caution do not repeatedly remove material you consider defamatory unless it is blatnat and seek intervention from others early at biographies of living personsnoticeboard revision as of edit tbeatty talk contribs wp blp deleted improperly added unverified rumors revision as of edit tbeatty talk contribs → unconfirmed rumors blp no place in wikipeida for unconfirmed rumors revision as of edit tbeatty talk contribs → unconfirmed rumors does anybody really think a section called unconfirmed rumors belongs in a blp or anywhere else in wikipedia 
0.02178015
blatant

= = what remains = = i've gone through and edited the history section to my liking . please make any revisions as you see fit . i believe all that remains for this article is to give the stored program architecture section a good rewrite . i feel that we probably ought to say something briefly about networking and the internet ( not sure exactly where to fit this in ; suggestions are welcome ) . beyond that , i believe all the sections after the big ' ol links section can be eliminated as unnecessary overlap with other articles . after that's done , we should give the big ' ol table a thorough review and post a suggestion at talk : computer for anyone interested to review this article before we move it to main space . afterwards , we probably should request this article to be deleted since temporary pages in mainspace is now disallowed per wp : sp . i'll also be converting the references over to the harvard reference style and separate the footnotes and references section . i feel that combining footnotes and references into one section is messy and altogether horrible , and it makes much more sense to separate them . if you have any major objections , feel free to discuss it here . @ 2006-10-24t 23:36 z
0.046429932
what remains ive gone through and edited the history section to my liking please make any revisions as you see fit i believe all that remains for this article is to give the stored program architecture section a good rewrite i feel that we probably ought to say something briefly about networking and the internet not sure exactly where to fit this in suggestions are welcome beyond that i believe all the sections after the big ol links section can be eliminated as unnecessary overlap with other articles after thats done we should give the big ol table a thorough review and post a suggestion at talk computer for anyone interested to review this article before we move it to main space afterwards we probably should request this article to be deleted since temporary pages in mainspace is now disallowed per wp sp ill also be converting the references over to the harvard reference style and separate the footnotes and references section i feel that combining footnotes and references into one section is messy and altogether horribel and it makes much more sense to separate them if you have any major objections feel free to discuss it here 20061024t 2336 z 
0.02492709
horrible

= = orphaned fair use image ( image : destinystone . jpg ) = = thanks for uploading image : destinystone . jpg . i notice the ' image ' page currently specifies that the image is unlicensed for use on wikipedia and may only be used on wikipedia under a claim of fair use . however , the image is currently orphaned , meaning that it is not used in any articles on wikipedia . if the image was previously in an article , please go to the article and see why it was removed . you may add it back if you think that that will be useful . however , please note that images for which a replacement could be created are not acceptable under fair use ( see our fair use policy ) . if you have uploaded other unlicensed media , please check whether they're used in any articles or not . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any fair use images not used in any articles will be deleted after seven days , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . thank you . ( email )
0.0049029673
orphaned fair use image image destinystone jpg thanks for uploading image destinystone jpg i notice the image page currently specifies that the image is unlicensed for use on wikipedia and may only be used on wikipedia under a claim of fair use however the image is currently orphaned meaning that it is not used in any articles on wikipedia if the image was previously in an article please og to the article and see why it was removed you may add it back if you think that that will be useful however please note that images for which a replacement could be created are not acceptable under fair use see our fair use policy if you have uploaded other unlicensed media please check whether theyre used in any articles or not you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any fair use images not used in any articles will be deleted after seven days as described on criteria for speedy deletion thank you email 
0.004241003
go

:: another interesting factoid from the dalit christians website http://www.dalitchristians.com/html/arulappa.htm out of 156 catholic bishops in india , 150 bishops belong to the upper caste community . only 6 bishops belong to dalit community . out of 12,500 catholic priests , only 600 are from dalit community . 75% members of the indian christian community are from dalit community . 25% of the upper caste christians ( clergy , religious and laity ) have complete control over the dalit or untouchable christians
0.06256602
another interesting factoid from the dalit christians website httpwwwdalitchristianscomhtmlarulappahtm out of 156 catholic bishops in india 150 bishops belong to the upper caste community only 6 bishops belong to dalit community out of 12500 catholic priests only 600 are from dalit community 75 members of the indian christian community are from dalit community 25 of the upper caste christians clergy religious and laity have complete control over the dalit or untouchalbe christians 
0.03972316
untouchable

:: oh dear me ! i've done it again , haven ; t i ? i wasn't angry with you bro . i was just pointing out thatthe edits were very carefully worded to be consistent with the facts , as well as the precept that casteism is not subscribed to by normative christianity .
0.04274588
oh dear me ive done it again haven t i i wasnt angyr with you bro i was just pointing out thatthe edits were very carefully worded to be consistent with the facts as well as the precept that casteism is not subscribed to by normative christianity 
0.030740011
angry

= = hello jakeyboy ! = = it is i the almighty lord and master of the universe . my protege evilameoba has brought it to my attention that you have not been very nice . bad jakeyboy ! i should punish you to hell !!! i hearby order you to apologise immediately !!! her page did not need to be deleted . you of all people should know about free speech . before i go i would just like to say fuck you jakeyboy !!! i have spoken !
0.9188159
hello jakeyboy it is i the almighty lord and master of the universe my protege evilameoba has brought it to my attention that you have not been very nice bad jakeyboy i should punish you to hell i hearby order you to apologise immediately her page did not need to be deleted you of all people should know about free speech before i go i would just like to say fukc you jakeyboy i have spoken 
0.48416623
fuck

= = re : palmeiras honours = = hi there ! copa rio is described as an international tournament because this is exactly what it was . this is fact . world tournament ? nah ... check wp : npov . regards — //@)
0.031965837
er palmeiras honours hi there copa rio is described as an international tournament because this is exactly what it was this is fact world tournament nah check wp npov regards — 
0.019215029
re

i really think there should be more of a distinction between amides with a carbonyl group and amides such as lithium diisopropyl amide . i thought all amides had a carbonyl group until i ran across lda .
0.034068502
i really think there should be more of a distinction between amides with a carbonyl group and amides such as lithium diisopropyl amide i thought all amides had a carbonyl group until i ran across dla 
0.025891738
lda

* exactly , you'll want to show them what an attractive , successful and intelligent person looks like . i real feel sorry for your kids but who knows , maybe they'll luck out and your wife will leave you before they grow up , getting full custody , ahahahaha . bye douchebag .
0.60564363
exactly youll want to show them what an attractive successful and intelligent person looks like i real feel sorry for your kids but who knows maybe theyll luck out and your wife will leave you before they grow up getting full custody ahahahaha bye douchbeag 
0.3976494
douchebag

