i will look into it . if you can get in trouble for browsing a certain page , that should be noted .
0.023550488
i will look into it if you can get in trouble for browsing a certain page that should eb noted 
0.017635597
be

: because it is 1:30 a.m. in london right now , i will wait until tomorrow morning before i reveal why it is that you blocked me for implying that carbonite was a troll , but failed to anyone else for doing the same thing . : i'm giving you every opportunity to stand up and take responsibility for your actions rather than embarrassing yourself by having someone else reveal your indiscretions . : i'll wait until morning for your answer . in the mean time , here's a little light reading : : * california online privacy protection act of 2003 : * oecd guidelines on the protection of privacy and transborder flows of personal data : * http://www.ftc.gov/reports/privacy3/toc.htm : * privacy online : fair information practices in the electronic marketplace : * wikimedia foundation privacy policy ::
0.080415346
because it is 130 am in london right now i will wait until tomorrow morning before i reveal why it is that you blocked me for implying that carbonite was a troll but failed to anyone else for doing the same thing im giving you every opportunity to stand up and take responsibility for your actions rather than ebmarrassing yourself by having someone else reveal your indiscretions ill wait until morning for your answer in the mean time heres a little light reading california online privacy protection act of 2003 oecd guidelines on the protection of privacy and transborder flows of personal data httpwwwftcgovreportsprivacy3tochtm privacy online fair information practices in the electronic marketplace wikimedia foundation privacy policy 
0.058242664
embarrassing

= = troop 34 deletion = = i would suggest that you change your vote on the troop 34 article pending changes in the next week . i also think that every troop is worthy of a wikipedia article . that is what wikipedia is about , having factual articles about every possible subject .
0.03253467
troop 34 deletion i would suggest that you change your vote on the troop 34 article pending changes in the next week i also think that every troop ois worthy of a wikipedia article that i what wikipedia si about having factual articles about every possible subject 
0.030668246
is

he makes $3 million a year as president of rocafella . he sold his record label for $10 million and his stake in rocawear is worth $25 million . the claim he is worth $286 million is rediculus and has not been proven as fact.it has not been proven that he is actually dating beyonce since neither jay z or beyonce have never actually confirmed nor will confirm that they are dating .
0.07457955
he makes 3 million a year as president of rocafella he sold his record label for 10 million and his stake in rocawear is worth 25 million the claim he is worth 286 million is rediculus and hsa not been proven as factit hsa not been proven that he is actually dating beyonce since neither jay z or beyonce have never actually confirmed nor will confirm that they are dating 
0.05965622
has

as i'm sure many of you have surmised , there is something going on behind the scenes to which most editors of wikipedia are not privy . my purpose here today is to expose it . in doing so , you may be tempted to minimize the problem by vilifying david gerard or carbonite , but their actions are only part of the surface manifestation , and penalizing them will only accentuate the dilemma . finding fall-guys to punish will not fix the problem because the underlying problem is the system of punishment . = = systems of punishment = = on , we see carbonite punish the administrator with a forced time out . in response , jpgordon leaves a message on saying , good call . jpgordon's subservience to the system of punishment is directly evident in this example . methods of indirectly empowering systems of punishment also exist . we can disagree with carbonite's methods while enabling them at the same time by acknowledging carbonite's ability to control our will . but , does carbonite have the innate ability to control our will , or do we grant him that power ? obviously , carbonite cannot coerce us without our agreeing to allow him that authority . our mind is our own , and our will is based purely on the systems we acknowledge . when we buy into a system of punishment , as many of us have at wikipedia , we are purchasing the whole package . it come complete with vandals , disrespect , flame wars , and content ultimately controlled by a very few individuals with little or no prescriptive editing experience . = = = prescription = = = language requires prescription . this is evident with a little thought-experiment involving two extremes . if you could only communicate with words that remained the same indefinitely after they are coined , communication would be entirely possible . however , in the opposite extreme , where official definitions instantly amended whatever meaning every disparate context assumed , propaganda and misuse would soon render that language ineffectual . within the intended construct of wikipedia , we don't have to understand how strong singular definitions empower a civilization . the darwinism of thousands of disparate editors and competing ideas will naturally lead to a prescriptive definition . in areas of wikipedia where we don't have top-down control of content , this is exactly what happens . unfortunately , systems of punishment have become the rule at wikipedia instead of the exception . our love for this project creates expectations for its potential , but the fear of not reaching these expectations allows others to control us , closes our eyes to corruption and content control , and ultimately destroys the thing we love . more after i take a few more runs .
0.038340103
as im sure many of you have surmised there is something going on behind the scenes to which most editors of wikipedia are not privy my purpose here today is to expose it in doing so you may be tempted to minimize the problem by vilifying david gerard or carbonite but their actions are only part of the surface manifestation and penalizing them will only accentuate the dilemma finding fallguys to punish will not fix the problem because the underlying problem is the system of punishmentm systems of unishment on we see carbonite punish the administrator with a forced time out in response jpgordon leaves a message on saying good call jpgordons subservience to the system of upnishment is directly evident in this example methods of indirectly empowering systems of punishmvent also exist we can disagree with carbonites methods while enabling them at the same time by acknowledging carbonites ability to control our will but does carbonite have the innate ability to control our will or do we grant him that power obviously carbonite cannot coerce us without our agreeing to allow him that authority our mind is our own and our will is based purely on the systems we acknowledge when we buy into a system of pnuishment as many of us have at wikipedia we are purchasing the whole package it come complete with vandals disrespect flame wars and content ultimately controlled by a very few individuals with little or no prescriptive editing experience prescription language requires prescription this is evident with a little thoughtexperiment involving two extremes if you could only communicate with words that remained the same indefinitely after they are coined communication would be entirely possible however in the opposite extreme where official definitions instantly amended whatever meaning every disparate context assumed propaganda and misuse would soon render that language ineffectual within the intended construct of wikipedia we dont have to understand how strong singular definitions empower a civilization the darwinism of thousands of disparate editors and competing ideas will naturally lead to a prescriptive definition in areas of wikipedia where we dont have topdown control of content this is exactly what happens unfortunately systems of puinshment have become the rule at wikipedia instead of the exception our love for this project creates expectations for its potential but the fear of not reaching these expectations allows others to control us closes our eyes to corruption and content control and ultimately destroys the thing we love more after i take a few more runs 
0.035280816
punishment

= = kung hei fat choi = = hi schmucky , regarding your comment on the admin . incident page . i am not assigning blame anywhere . i was merely summarising ( in the most neutral way possible ) the evidence available in the history pages . for your part , i think it was a bit unwise of you to rashly move the page in the way that you did . perhaps some more participation in the discussion before making such a drastic move would be useful .
0.07901551
kung hei fta choi hi schmucky regarding your comment on the admin incident page i am not assigning blame anywhere i was merely summarising in the most neutral way possible the evidence available in the history pages for your part i think it was a bit unwise of you to rashly move the page in the way that you did perhaps some more participation in the discussion before making such a drastic move would be useful 
0.03547618
fat

** awe , an ' thou beast an expert in personal attacks .
0.42551458
awe an thou beats an expert in personal attacks 
0.14628346
beast

: thank you for your kind words and your warning . i've been aware of carbonite and the cabal's attempts to hang me out to dry for some time . it's hard to miss it when he accuses me of wikistalking him at pages that i either created or edited before him . does he really think that people won't try to verify his claims ? based on , it appears that some people act blindly on what carbonite says , even when he is proven to have violated policy . nevertheless , i have faith that a preponderance of the editors at wikipedia are like you , more interested in good articles and harmonious editing than in pushing pov through their influence and administrative powers .
0.06929474
thank you for your kind words and your warning ive been aware of carbonite and the cabals attempts to hagn me out to dry for some time its hard to miss it when he accuses me of wikistalking him at pages that i either created or edited before him does he really think that people wont try to verify his claims based on it appears that some people act blindly on what carbonite says even when he is proven to have violated policy nevertheless i have faith that a preponderance of the editors at wikipedia are like you more interested in good articles and harmonious editing than in pushing pov through their influence and administrative powers 
0.050541807
hang

= = expansion of design groups = = just a thought . the role of design groups was very much affected by the rise of the internet and the integration of information technologies . this caused new skills such as ethnography , cognitive science , information architecture , etc . to be integrated into more traditional design skill sets . i would say that clement mok was an instrumental bridge between traditional design consultancies and the new interdisciplinary consultancies . i would also state that ideo was very much driven from engineering as david kelly's background is in engineering . it seems as if industrial designers and engineers invigorated designers and design methods . these are a few thoughts to chomp on . . . . ( )
0.012463497
expansion of design groups just a thought the role of design groups was very much affected by the rise of the internet and the integration of information technologies this caused new skills such as ethnography cognitive science information architecture etc to be integrated into more traditional design skill sets i would say that clement mok was an instrumental bridge between traditional design consultancies and the new interdisciplinary consultancies i would also state that ideo was very much driven from engineering as david kellys background is in engineering it seems as if industrial designers and engineers invigorated designers and design methods these are a few thoughts to chopm on 
0.006168901
chomp

if this can be expanded beyond a stub ... fine . if this can explained in one sentence ( as it currently is ) , merge it into something else .
0.011749178
if this can eb expanded beyond a stub fine if this can explained in one sentence as it currently is merge it into something else 
0.007891451
be

= = hello = = i was interested in this topic sicne i have had it recently but i saw that this is almost the same inforation that is on a real phabdomyolysis site on the internet wrote by medical people and its not verry hepful . thank ,
0.016064495
hello i was interested in this topic sicne i have had it recently but i saw that this gs almost the same inforation that si on a real phabdomyolysis site on the internet wrote by medical people and its not verry hepful thank 
0.013600082
is

i also won the master nerd prize but not see where the user box is for that .
0.13007581
i also won the master nred prize but not see where the user box is for that 
0.024651358
nerd

