= = . 38 calibre = = please read wikipedia : citing sources which reflects that citations are wanted at the wiki . this is a well researched article with appropriate citations , it is not a dump .
0.12431811
38 calbire please read wikipedia citing sources which reflects that citations are wanted at the wiki this is a well researched article with appropriate citations it is not a dump 
0.12161345
calibre

= = games and polls = = = = = games = = = ( none at the time ) = = = polls = = = ( none at the time )
0.049661875
games and polls games onne at the time polls onne at the time 
0.019659566
none

the scholarship you display tom has to rank amongst the worst known to man . go find something better to do you transient !
0.2638286
the scholarship you display tom has to rank amongst the worts known to man go find something better to do you transient 
0.042000987
worst

= = 3rr = = one more revert and you will be 3rr ... go ahead make my day !
0.099633686
3rr one more revert and you will be 3rr og ahead make my day 
0.05262342
go

yeah , point taken , it is a bit tenuous . but i do think it's relevant . it's a hard one to call because it's a fairly unusual album . but it isn't a side project or a different band - dani and pybus are basically on there representing cradle of filth as part of the roadrunner stable , so for that reason i vote it stays where it is ( although there's no reason it shouldn't go on their personal pages in the way you suggested ) . i guess it could go into trivia , but then people would probably question why it wasn't with the rest of the albums ...
0.06133883
yeah point taken it is a bit tenuous but i do think its relevant its a hard one to call because its a fairly unusual album but it isnt a side project or a different band dani and pybus are basically on there representing cradle of fitlh as part of the roadrunner stable so for that reason i vote it stays where it is although theres no reason it shouldnt go on their personal pages in the way you suggested i guess it could go into trivia but then people would probably question why it wasnt with the rest of the albums 
0.00882598
filth

= = fred meyer : reversion = = i was asked to explain my reversion of your addition to the fred meyer article . that addition was composed of four parts . * first , you claimed fred g . meyer to be a member of the rosicrucian order etc ., providing sources . i won't discuss the validity of the sources here , but that clearly concerns fred g . meyer himself , not the stores , unless you can provide a source that states his business was influenced by his philosophical leanings . * next , you elaborated on the rosicrucian connection to hitler . as far as i can see , the main connection to fred meyer was that both nazism and the stores use the colours red , white and black , which is a rather weak link . no source was provided that the store logo may have been influenced by its founder's rosicrucian connections . hitler's connection to the rosicrucians was sourced ( again i won't discuss the quality of the sources ) , but was unrelated to the stores . * thirdly , you claimed that the layout of racks gives a swastika and that green freight carts are nicknamed u-boats , but this , the part most relevant for the stores , was still unsourced . * finally , the notes part could have been more fitting for the talk page , but definitely does not belong into the article proper . thus , your additions were either unrelated to the stores or unsourced . by the way , the version where you described your addition as your research shows another problem : even if it is true , original research is in principle unsuited for wikipedia . i hope that answers your question . yours ,
0.109245524
fred meyer reversion i was asked to explain my reversion of your addition to the fred meyer article that addition was composed of four parts first you claimed fred g meyer to be a member of the rosicrucian order etc providing sources i wont discuss the validity of the sources here but that clearly concerns fred g meyer himself not the stores unless you can provide a source that states his business was influenced by his philosophical leanings next you elaborated on the rosicrucian connection to hitler as far as i can see the main connection to fred meyer was that both nazism and the stores use the colours red white and black which is a rather weak link no source was provided that the store logo may have been influenced by its founders rosicrucian connections hitlers connection to the rosicrucians was sourced again i wont discuss the quality of the sources but was unrelated to the stores thirdly you claimed that the layout of racks gives a swastika and that green freight carts are nicknamed uboats but this the part most relevant for the stores was still unsourced finally the notes part could have been more fitting for the talk page but definitely does not belong into the article proper thus your additions were either unrelated to the stores or unsourced by the way the version where you described your addition as your resarch shows another problem even if it is true original reesarch is in principle unsuited for wikipedia i hope that answers your question yours 
0.07601204
research

oh hello again fnarf . i do apologise , my sincerest condolences for my disruptiveness . i am not being sarcastic
0.079166844
oh hello again fnarf i do apologise my sincerest condolences for my disruptiveness i am not being asrcastic 
0.05127467
sarcastic

: guys , the gpd/capita in romania is over 10.000 $ , for the simpple fact that romania is experincieng an economical boom , and the gpd rised enormly in th epast few years . personally i approved gpd's figures .
0.030266326
guys the gpdcapita in romania si over 10000 for the simpple fact that romania si experincieng an economical boom and the gpd rised enormly in th epast few years personally i approved gpds figures 
0.026567237
is

hello fnarf . indeed , i agree . well , only to a certain extent . i think that the picture of the young man should go , and i dont have an problem with the other pictures . i dont like the picture of the young man , it is too weird and just distracts from the article . i am not saying my suggestion of replacement picture is the only one , i just changted it before because i owned the rights to the picture .
0.048653394
hello fnarf indeed i agree well only to a certain extent i think that the picture of the young man should go and i dont have an problem with the other pictures i dont like the picture of the young man it is too ewird and just distracts from the article i am not saying my suggestion of replacement picture is the only one i just changted it before because i owned the rights to the picture 
0.036728695
weird

: someone should have told you by now , if you stop sucking so many dicks , you'll be more relaxed . too much dick-sucking ( so i'm told ) can lead to temporary psychosis .
0.86195534
someone should have told you by now if you stop sucking so many dikcs youll be more relaxed too much dicksucking so im told can lead to temporary psychosis 
0.7256016
dicks

= = wost ever = = would it hurt to note that some historians consider him the worst president ever ?
0.35462075
wost ever would it hurt to note that some historians consider him the owrst president ever 
0.10517452
worst

i think we should do just that . although i dont know if it would work since all past disputes relating to gibraltar seem to have died down since editors have desisted arguing with gibnews . independent opinions would have to look at the whole discussion page . i have looked at it recently and it basically consists of gibnews imposing his will on a number of other editors relating to many issues . some of them are as silly as whether the disputed tag should be included on the article ... ( gibnews thought it shouldnt even though his version was disputed by all other users ) who was in control of the kosovo page ? was it a pro-serb or pro-albanian pov individual ?
0.12927216
i think we should do just that although i dont know if it would work since all past disputes relating to gibraltar seem to have died down since editors have desisted arguing with gibnews independent opinions would have to look at the whole discussion page i have looked at it recently and it basically consists of gibnews imposing his will on a number of other editors relating to many issues some of them aer as silly as whether the disputed tag should be included on the article gibnews thought it shouldnt even though his version was disputed by all other users who was in control of the kosovo page was it a proserb or proalbanian pov individual 
0.118274815
are

= = ki$$ = = u know what u can kiss and don't post anymore spam on my talk page !
0.37508273
ki u know what u can kiss and dont post anymore sapm on my talk page 
0.27815658
spam

