exactly right ... not director or creator . casting . that is why i remove the false information . big difference between creator and casting director .
0.06172499
exactly right not director or creator casting that is why i remove the aflse information big difference between creator and casting director 
0.012701905
false

= = history vs . pre-history etc = = hi , as it stands , the first paragraph begins with the history of japan probably started around 100,000 bce i'd like to point out that perhaps it's not useful or accurate to start a history article with a date 100000 bce like this ... the reason why , in general , is that the study of history is typically restricted to the era of ' written records ' , as the wikipedia article on history will even state . there can be probably some fudging , because written records can date slightly earlier events or have relation to slightly earlier events . in short , history and pre-history will be divided by written records . please take a look at the wikipedia article on history of england , in that , the upper-right table indicates prehistory is before 43 bc , and history in the years after . this date of 43 bc is generally due to roman era records . and again , ( somewhere geographicaly closer to japan ) in the article history of china , the article begins by saying that the history of china is detailed by historical records dating back to 1500 bc . i think it's a bit problematic and misleading to state that history began 100,000 years ago , because if by history you mean purely archaeological evidence , then why stop there ? history will blend right into pre-history , and then into archaeology , without any meaningful demarcation . there is the more casual usage of the word ' history ' , of course . that is , history is just the sequence of all events from beginning to end . in which case , the history of japan goes back to the big bang and all time afterward . but as an informative and scholarly wikipedia entry , i think this article should be amended with something more accurate , more specific , referring to what is canonically defined as history . i propose something like the earliest records of japan date back to 600 b.c.e. , according to the chinese source commonly known as the gishiwajinden , or the chronicles of the three kingdoms . in the text , the country of yamataikoku is mentioned , which was said to be ruled by the queen himiko . i think this adds to the quality of the article in its specificity , and in exposing the reader to the himiko story . even here , there is lots of controversy as to whether yamataikoku even existed because of lack of archaeological evidence . the idea that we have any idea of the specific events of 100,000 bce , as the word ' history ' demands , is somewhat unreasonable . any comments ?
0.015192202
history vs prehistory etc hi as it stands the first paragraph begins with the history of japan probably started around 100000 bce id like to point out that perhaps its not useful or accurate to start a history article with a date 100000 bce like this the reason why in general is that the study of history is typically restricted to the era of written records as the wikipedia article on history will even state there can be probably some fudigng because written records can date slightly earlier events or have relation to slightly earlier events in short history and prehistory will be divided by written records please take a look at the wikipedia article on history of england in that the upperright table indicates prehistory is before 43 bc and history in the years after this date of 43 bc is generally due to roman era records and again somewhere geographicaly closer to japan in the article history of china the article begins by saying that the history of china is detailed by historical records dating back to 1500 bc i think its a bit problematic and misleading to state that history began 100000 years ago because if by history you mean purely archaeological evidence then why stop there history will blend right into prehistory and then into archaeology without any meaningful demarcation there is the more casual usage of the word history of course that is history is just the sequence of all events from beginning to end in which case the history of japan goes back to the big bang and all time afterward but as an informative and scholarly wikipedia entry i think this article should be amended with something more accurate more specific referring to what is canonically defined as history i propose something like the earliest records of japan date back to 600 bce according to the chinese source commonly known as the gishiwajinden or the chronicles of the three kingdoms in the text the country of yamataikoku is mentioned which was said to be ruled by the queen himiko i think this adds to the quality of the article in its specificity and in exposing the reader to the himiko story even here there is lots of controversy as to whether yamataikoku even existed because of lack of archaeological evidence the idea that we have any idea of the specific events of 100000 bce as the word history demands is somewhat unreasonable any comments 
0.008813346
fudging

this shout out was brought to you by the students of vp community school thanks wikepedia for all the information over the years
0.035683587
this shotu out was brought to you by the students of vp community school thanks wikepedia for all the information over the years 
0.028636383
shout

= = an-cap faq = = when making a list of anarchist links , i noticed that there was no anarcho-capitalist faq . sure , there's a wonderful anarchist theory faq by bryan caplan , but that's about anarchism in general . so , drawing upon my wikipedia experience , i created one . please make comments or suggestions on my talk page . behold ! i give you ... the anarcho-capitalist faq
0.071805775
ancap faq when making a list of anarchist links i noticed that there was no anarchocapitalist faq sure theres a wonderful anarchist theory faq by bryan caplan but thats about anrachism in general so drawing upon my wikipedia experience i created one please make comments or suggestions on my talk page behold i give you the anarchocapitalist faq 
0.036508474
anarchism

= = = authority/legitimacy = = = you're close but are confusing authority with legitimacy . the guy with the biggest club can enforce behavior but may do so illegitimately . in fact as legitimacy becomes suspect greater levels of violence are required to to maintain authority . this is the principle behind non-violent resistance .
0.14812963
authoritylegitimacy youre close but are confusing authority with legitimacy the guy with the biggest club can enforce behavior but may do so illegitimately in fact as legitimacy becomes suspect greater levels of vioelnce are required to to maintain authority this is the principle behind nonviolent resistance 
0.030800438
violence

hello - the thank you goes to you . your soriano article is excellent . i was touched to find it in wikipedia . please advise on the copyright disclaimer . ww
0.03865603
hello the thank you goes to you your soriano article is excellent i was touhced to find it in wikipedia please advise on the copyright disclaimer ww 
0.02632662
touched

= = image tagging image : aftab2 . jpg = = {| align = center style = background-color : #ffffff ; border : 8px solid #ff0000 ; padding : 5px ; |- | | this media may be deleted . |} thanks for uploading image : aftab2 . jpg . i notice the ' image ' page currently doesn't specify who created the content , so the copyright status is therefore unclear . if you have not created this media yourself then you need to argue that we have the right to use the media on wikipedia ( see copyright tagging below ) . if you have not created the media yourself then you should also specify where you found it , i.e. , in most cases link to the website where you got it , and the terms of use for content from that page . if the media also doesn't have a copyright tag then you must also add one . if you created/took the picture , audio , or video then you can use to release it under the gfdl . if you believe the media qualifies as fair use , please read fair use , and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia : image copyright tags #fair_use . see wikipedia : image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use . if you have uploaded other media , please check that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them , too . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . thank you .
0.014075778
image tagging image aft b2 jpg align center style backgroundcolor ffffff border 8px solid ff0000 padding 5px this media may be deleted thanks for uploading image afatb2 jpg i notice the image page currently doesnt specify who created the content so the copyright status is therefore unclear if you have not created this media yourself then you need to argue that we have the right to use the media on wikipedia see copyright tagging below if you have not created the media yourself then you should also specify where you found it ie in most cases link to the website where you got it and the terms of use for content from that page if the media also doesnt have a copyright tag then you must also add one if you createdtook the picture audio or video then you can use to release it under the gfdl if you believe the media qualifies as fair use please read fair use and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia image copyright tags fairuse see wikipedia image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use if you have uploaded other media please check that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them too you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion thank you 
0.01142975
aftab2

= = personnal attacks = = please do not make personal attacks on other people . wikipedia has a policy against personal attacks . in some cases , users who engage in personal attacks may be blocked from editing by admins or banned by the arbitration committee . comment on content , not on other contributors or people . please resolve disputes appropriately . thank you . : wikipedia's de facto policy on personal attacks is that one may make them if one is an administrator ( or administrator's pet ) and goes about it snarkily .
0.118160754
personnal attacks please do not make personal attacks on other people wikipedia has a policy against personal attacks in some cases users who engage in personal attacks may be blocked from editing by admins or banned by the arbitration committee comment on content not on other contributors or people please resolve disputes appropriately thank you wikipedias de facto policy on personal attacks i s that one may make them if one si an administrator or administrators pet and goes about it snarkily 
0.083698906
is

#please don't add to the tomorrow's featured article list unless the suggestion is a featured article , there is a process for encouraging the development of an article to becoming one , called featured article candidate or fac process , this takes a great deal of time and effort and begins with a peer review , none of the steps have been done for the billingham article . i have therefore removed the article from listing .
0.012290525
please dont add to the tomorrows featured article list unless the suggestion is a featured article there is a process for encouraging the development of an article to becoming one called featured article candidate or fac process this takes a great deal of time and effort and begins with a peer review nnoe of the steps have been done for the billingham article i have therefore removed the article from listing 
0.0067842263
none

, 11 february 2006 ( utc)renmiri ::::: i seem to recall reading about not biting the newcomers which i surely feel sean did not follow by deleting four pages ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ) i spent a lot of time doing without a single message and without leaving it for consensus . this is definitely not the experience i had so far with other users here on wikipedia , some of them with a lot better claim at being right than him . i put the image and at he books they were scanned issue up for review at the project page , so we can have consensus . your view will stand on it's merits and so will mine . but i am also real tired of this discussion so i won't be editing more pages until this is resolved 20:55
0.022179626
11 february 2006 utcrenmiri i seem to recall reading about not ibting the newcomers which i surely feel sean did not follow by deleting four pages 1 2 3 4 i spent a lot of time doing without a single message and without leaving it for consensus this is definitely not the experience i had so far with other users here on wikipedia some of them with a lot better claim at being right than him i put the image and at he books they were scanned issue up for review at the project page so we can have consensus your view will stand on its merits and so will mine but i am also real tired of this discussion so i wont be editing more pages until this is resolved 2055 
0.016257575
biting

i can read just fine . can you ? let me cite two instances for you : # westlaw and lexisnexus search results are considered viable sources in themselves . if the search results show that there has never been a trial , then there you go , you've now got a source . you can't just say no one says there was a trial unless you attribute that to a source , otherwise your comments are not verifiable . please read wp :v for further information . # according to the wp : 3o page : this page is meant only for disagreements involving precisely two people this disagreement involves three people . you , pbs , and myself . actually , 4 , that guy i cited earlier . so , stop accusing me of not knowing how to read . i've made it as plain as day for you to see . if you continue to disrupt wikipedia to make a wp : point , we're going to have problems . aim fire !
0.10275671
i can read just fine can you let me cite two instances for you westlaw and lexisnexus search results are considered viable sources in themselves if the search results show that there has never been a trial then there you go youve now got a source you cant just say no one says there was a trial unless you attribute that to a source otherwise your comments are not verifiable please read wp v for further information according to the wp 3o page this page is meant only for disagreements involving precisely two people this disagreement involves three people you pbs and myself actually 4 that guy i cited earlier so stop accusing me of not knowing how to read ive made it as plain as day for you to see if you continue to disrupt wikipedia to make a wp point were going to have problems aim ifre 
0.07164589
fire

= = image copyright problem with image : facial . jpg = = thanks for uploading image : facial . jpg . however , the image may soon be deleted unless we can determine the copyright holder and copyright status . the wikimedia foundation is very careful about the images included in wikipedia because of copyright law ( see wikipedia's copyright policy ) . the copyright holder is usually the creator , the creator's employer , or the last person who was transferred ownership rights . copyright information on images is signified using copyright templates . the three basic license types on wikipedia are open content , public domain , and fair use . find the appropriate template in wikipedia : image copyright tags and place it on the image page like this : {{ templatename }} . please signify the copyright information on any other images you have uploaded or will upload . remember that images without this important information can be deleted by an administrator . if you have any questions , feel free to contact me . thank you .
0.0073907888
image copyright problem with image facial jpg thanks for uploading image facial jpg however the image may soon be deleted unless we can determine the copyright holder and copyright status the wikimedia foundation is very careful about the images included in wikipedia because of copyright law see wikipedias copyright policy the copyright holder is usually the creator the creators employer or the last person who was transferred ownership rights copyright information on images is signified using copyright templates the three basic license types on wikipedia are open content public domain and fair use find the appropriate template in wikipedia image copyright tags and place it on the image page like this templatename please signify the copyright information on any other images you have uploaded or will upload remember that images without this important information can be deleted by an adminsitrator if you have any questions feel free to contact me thank you 
0.0052720457
administrator

= = searching to : ho lived istanbul from armanian family = = searching to : ho lived istanbul from armanian family hiii ; i am searching armanian family who lived in istanbul . because of their lie , family , family sheets , old armanian house which in istanbul .. so that if anybody can help me about it send mail to me .... exactly family f these family members from last century or new generation from them 1- dimitri 2-geork 3-angelidis 4-angelides 5-erih 6-rodi totmel@hotmail.com
0.13541868
searching to ho lived istanbul from armanian famil searching to ho lived istanbul from armanian f a m i l y hiii i am searching armanian fvamily who lived in istanbul because of their lie fmily familo sheets old armanian house which in istanbul so that if anybody can help me about it send mail to me exactly f a m i l y f these famliy members from last century or new generation from them 1 dimitri 2geork 3angelidis 4angelides 5erih 6rodi totmelhotmailcom 
0.13537042
family

i added no such nonsense to wikipedia . i apologize for being considered to add nonsense , but i reject such claims that i have done this .
0.17595272
i added no such onsense to wikipedia i apologize for being considered to add nonsesne but i reject such claims that i have done this 
0.06511641
nonsense

