she's a published author . are you ?
0.16816841
shes a published author rae you 
0.14152603
are

= = pagan christ = = i'd like to propose a section on the criticism that christianity is largely unoriginal , and is an amalgam of pagan sun-worship religions . for example , note the similarities with mithraism .
0.12640157
iagan christ id like to propose a section on the criticism that christianity is largely unoriginal and is an amalgam of pgaan sunworship religions for example note the similarities with mithraism 
0.095815256
pagan

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . if you are stuck , and looking for help , please come to the wikipedia boot camp , where experienced wikipedians can answer any queries you have ! or , you can just type {{ helpme }} on your user talk page , and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . here are a few good links for newcomers : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : where to ask a question , ask me on my talk page . again , welcome !
0.022070691
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay if you are stuck and looking for help please come to the wikipedia boto camp where experienced wikipedians can answer any queries you have or you can just type helpme on your user talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions here are a few good links for newcomers the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia where to ask a question ask me on my talk page again welcome 
0.017582286
boot

:( mirror of my response :) : 1 . it is backwards to approach any controversal subject by first listing the defense of the perpetrators can you imagine how jarring it would be for you to read an account of , say , the antebellum south , which began by listing choice quotes regarding lenient recommendations plantation owners gave to their overseers concerning the treatment of their subjects ? it's utterly bizarre . : 2 . it is grossly pov as well as inaccurate to portrary the perpetrators as giving rights and protection when they are doing precisely the contrary . the whole turgid mess is an appalling whitewash , despite a few throw-a-bone references in the links , and everyone involved in whatever horrific consensus ( if any ) hell-spawned it ought to be very ashamed of themselves .
0.19156016
mirror of my response 1 it is backwards to approach any controversal subject by first listing the defense of the perpetrators can you imagine how jarring it would be for you to read an account of say the antebellum south which began by listing choice quotes regarding lenient recommendations plantation owners gave to their overseers concerning the treatment of their subjects its utterly bizarre 2 it is grossly pov as well as inaccurate to portrary the perpetrators as giving rights and protection when they are doing precisely the contrary the whole turgdi mess is an appalling whitewash despite a few throwabone references in the links and everyone involved in whatever horrific consensus if any hellspawned it ought to be very ashamed of themselves 
0.14512387
turgid

= = coomplaint procedure ? = = no doubt there is a lot of link spam . but no doubt many contributors of good articles start small and then build the piece in layers . that's completely human and completely understandable . the better recourse would have been to insert that tag about possible deletion , rather than deleting within such a short period of time . i had just created the stub . i am new to wiki and perceived that i was up against a vandal . indeed i was . how much more disturbing to learn that the destroyer has some form of administrative rights . i'm new here , and it's not a paying job , clearly . i'm not sure i want to learn the ropes of wikipedia politics and egos , as the obvious value of wikipedia is compelling enough , and the ugliness of personalities warped by power within a volunteer effort is unhealthy to that effort . the impulse to characterize someone who stands up for their contribution as nasty or threatening ... the see-what-i-mean response to a contributor not aware of the emotional satisfaction some may draw from arbitrary deletions , from deliberately provoked confrontations to assure themselves of their own power , is sad . all my foregoing comments no doubt cements some of you more firmly in your smugness and self-satisfaction . regardless of the barnacles that cling to its hull , i assert that the wiki concept is , fortunately , apparently more powerful than the base human dynamics it nurtures but does not ultimately tolerate . i am asked to let it drop . i don't claim to be a wiki expert , but i bet there is a complaint procedure . anyone care to point me in the right direction ? the article stub was summarily deleted three times , but after that , the vandal chose to insert an alert of possible deletion instead . this indicates to me that the proper procedure was not followed the first three times . what's the complaint procedure ? my further complaint will be regarding the dynamic of portraying someone who stands up for themselves in a reasoned and civil way as having an attitude problem . that's probably the most corrosive thing to a volunteer effort .
0.12175933
coomplaint procedure no doubt there is a lot of link spam but no doubt many contributors of good articles start small and then build the piece in layers thats completely human and completely understandable the better recourse would have been to insert that tag about possible deletion rather than deleting within such a short period of time i had just created the stub i am new to wiki and perceived that i was up against a vandal indeed i was how much more disturbing to learn that the destroyer has some form of administrative rights im new here and its not a paying job clearly im not sure i want to learn the ropes of wikipedia politics and egos as the obvious value of wikipedia is compelling enough and the ugliness of personalities warped by power within a volunteer effort is unhealthy to that effort the impulse to characterize someone who stands up for their contribution as nasty or threatening the seewhatimean response to a contributor not aware of the emotional satisfaction some may draw from arbitrary deletions from deliberately provoked confrontations to assure themselves of their own power is sad all my foregoing comments no doubt cements some of you more firmly in your smugness and selfsatisfaction regardless of the barnacles that cling to its hull i assert that the wiki concept is fortunately apparently more powerful than the base human dynamics it nurtures but does not ultimately tloerate i am asked to let it drop i dont claim to be a wiki expert but i bet there is a complaint procedure anyone care to point me in the right direction the article stub was summarily deleted three times but after that the vandal chose to insert an alert of possible deletion instead this indicates to me that the proper procedure was not followed the first three times whats the complaint procedure my further complaint will be regarding the dynamic of portraying someone who stands up for themselves in a reasoned and civil way as having an attitude problem thats probably the most corrosive thing to a volunteer effort 
0.10434055
tolerate

= = ok , i am happy with what's there . = = thank you to whoever posted that article , it's well written .
0.020195913
ok i ma happy with whats there thank you to whoever posted that article its well written 
0.019093957
am

: ok , fair enough . i get your pov comment . however , we do agree that socialist is still applicable to describing both parties and their ideologies without being pov , right ? thanks though .
0.021134596
ok fair enough i get your pov comment however we do agree that socialsit is still applicable to describing both parties and their ideologies without being pov right thanks though 
0.015862837
socialist

> ... and the band was one of the most famous of the 1980s . this may be true , but my own experience i never heard of them . u2 seemed pretty famous , and the rolling stones . perhaps it is meant that they were famous in japan ?
0.013291855
and the band was one of the most famous of the 1980s this may be true but my own experience i never heard of them u2 seemed pretty famous and the rloling stones perhaps it is meant that they were famous in japan 
0.009352408
rolling

: agreed . i've begun fixing the ridiculous pov . keep up the goood work .
0.2683385
agreed ive begun fixing the ridciulous pov keep up the goood work 
0.035652556
ridiculous

= = i challenge you = = ... to present a shred of evidence of personal attacks . i have cleanedup michael schiavo and as such am facing a campaign of hateful lies from childish prigs .
0.49403736
i challenge you to present a shred of evidence of personal attacks i have cleanedup michael schiavo and as such am facing a campaign of hateful lies from chidlish prigs 
0.31209403
childish

the myth that robert the bruce offered safe haven to the templars has also crept back in . in fact , the most that can truthfully be said about that is that robert i perhaps didn't prosecute the templars with a lot of vigor . all that business about hundreds of french templars escaping to scotland and assisting robert the bruce's armies , etc . is actually relatively modern mythology . the reality was that there was only a handful of templars in scotland at the time the order was dissolved , and robert i was not about to risk further papal censure by interfering . he intended all along to eventually get back into the church's good graces , and did so , being reinstated , with his excommunication being lifted , in 1328 . 66.156.107.108
0.019267118
the myth that robert the bruce offered safe haven to the templars has also crept back in in fact the most that can truthfully be said about that is that robert i perhaps didnt rposecute the templars with a lot of vigor all that business about hundreds of french templars escaping to scotland and assisting robert the bruces armies etc is actually relatively modern mythology the reality was that there was only a handful of templars in scotland at the time the order was dissolved and robert i was not about to risk further papal censure by interfering he intended all along to eventually get back into the churchs good graces and did so being reinstated with his excommunication being lifted in 1328 66156107108 
0.0128446575
prosecute

— the preceding unsigned comment was added by • . : carbon at ambient pressure does not melt but sublimates . a liquid phase only exists above 10 mpa . if we don't restrict this to elements and allow compounds , there's tantalum hafnium carbide ( ta4hfc5 ) with a m.p. of 4215 °c . ( note though that even britannica weasels around calling it the highest . )
0.016615868
— the preceding unsigned comment was added by • carbon at ambient pressure does not melt but sublimates a liquid phase only exists above 10 mpa if we dont restrict this to elements and allow compounds theres tantalum hafnium carbide ta4hfc5 with a mp of 4215 °c note though that even britannica weasesl around calling it the highest 
0.011621217
weasels

* oppose merge , if such lists are going to be on here then bisexual persons warrant a standalone list . that said , the listing could stand improvement , especially sources .
0.0032251244
oppoes merge if such lists are going to be on here then bisexual persons warrant a standalone list that said the listing could stand improvement especially sources 
0.0025725767
oppose

* 1 . note : this popped up on my talk page , but is not editable , ( and so must have been added by a high end user , up the wiki ladder ) ::: no disclaimer templates . please review wikipedia : no disclaimer templates . thanks . hipocrite - « talk » i replied to this on hipocrite's talk page , as i do not believe the statement applies here . msjapan retrieved from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/user_talk:skull_%27n%27_femurs since i have just got back editor rights , how can this apply to me hipocrite ? how about taking it off my talk page , and giving an big apology here ? * 2 . hipocrite has done some “ coding magic ” and blocked the notes section from we common editors , so i’m reverting it back to the last editoral-able history ( ms japan’s ) . it is no use upgrading a section with code so we cannot edit it .
0.109472595
1 note this popped up on my talk page but is not editable and so must have been added by a high end user up the wiki ladder no disclaimer templates please review wikipedia no disclaimer templates thanks hipocrit « talk » i replied to this on hipocrites talk page as i do not believe the statement applies here msjapan retrieved from httpenwikipediaorgwikiusertalkskull27n27femurs since i have just got back editor rights how can this apply to me hipocriet how about taking it off my talk page and giving an big apology here 2 hipocriet has done some “ coding magic ” and blocked the notes section from we common editors so i’m reverting it back to the last editoralable history ms japan’s it is no use upgrading a section with code so we cannot edit it 
0.018578498
hipocrite

please look at this guy's talk history . he started it . yes thats childish but i blame him . i was a good wikipedian before i met him . he sucks . he adds nothing , just vandalises stuff , and was rude to me -check my page history . he should clearly be kicked off wikipedia . p.s. , i know igonorance is not a crime , but we have to draw the line somewhere .
0.58848536
please look at this guys talk history he started it yes thats childish but i blame him i was a good wikipedian before i met him he scuks he adds nothing just vandalises stuff and was rude to me check my page history he should clearly be kicked off wikipedia ps i know igonorance is not a crime but we have to draw the line somewhere 
0.30024713
sucks

= = chadbryant once again = = please see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category_talk:wikipedia:suspected_sockpuppets_of_dick_witham for details . chadbryant is creating comments intended for no purpose other than to cause trouble or incite it in the first place . there is absolutely no need for these remarks , and i'm pretty sure they violate wikipedia policy in some way . is there something you can do to help stop this , please ? thanks .
0.06152832
chadbryant once again please see httpenwikipediaorgwikicategorytalkwikipediasuspectedsockpuppetsofdickwitham for details chadbryant is creating comments intended for no purpose other than to cause trouble or incite it in the first place there is absolutely no need for these remarks and im pretty sure they vioalte wikipedia policy in some way is there something you can do to help stop this please thanks 
0.03874685
violate

dbinder , you asked if someone could verify those possible future regional members ... well , if someone really could they wouldn't be possible future members but future members .... anyway : as sas ownes the majority stake in arbaltic and a 49% stake in estonian air with whome they have a close coopeartion , so it's very likely that these two airlines will go the way that blue1 already went and join the alliance as regional members . air one is very close with lufthansa and fully integrated in lufthansa's miles&more ; ffp . in fact they are the only fully integrated airline that is not a star alliance member yet . but that seems to be a matter of time . at the very moment austrian airlines ownes a 49% stake in slovak airlines . as the slovak government is planning to sell off the remaining stake in that airline it is highly likely that austrian will accquire these stakes . a star alliance membership is absolutely possible . silk air is a fully owned subsidiary of singapore airlines . i won't comment on that , as i have never heard of them being a candidate for alliance membership , but doesn't seem unlikely . aegean airlines and lufthansa started cooperation last year and according to some statements in the german press both airlines seem to be very interessted in aegean joining the alliance . luxair has strong ties to lufthansa and austrian ... might not be joining in the nearest future , but would definitely be welcome in the alliance since you removed qatar airways from the list of possible members ... it's no secret that star is really interessterd in qatar airways . on the other hand qatar airways strengthened their cooperation with lufthansa , ana and united last year ... they are definitely leaning towards star alliance . they are at least as likely to join star as tam or sn brussles etc . to join oneworld / malaysia airlines to join skyteam
0.017973775
dbinder you asked if someone could verify those possible future regional members well if someone really could they wouldnt be possible future members but future members anyway as sas ownes the majority stake in arbaltic and a 49 stake in estonian air with whome they have a close coopeartion so its very likely that these two airlines will go the way that blue1 already went and join the alliance as regional members air one is very close with lufthansa and fully integrated in lufthansas milesmore ffp in fact they are the only fully integrated airline that is not a star alliance member yet but that seems to be a matter of time at the very moment austrvan airlines ownes a 49 stake in slovak airlines as the slovak government is planning to sell off the remaining stake in that airline it is highly likely that autsrian will accquire these stakes a star alliance membership is absolutely possible silk air is a fully owned subsidiary of singapore airlines i wont comment on that as i have never heard of them being a candidate for alliance membership but doesnt seem unlikely aegean airlines and lufthansa started cooperation last year and according to some statements in the german press both airlines seem to be very interessted in aegean joining the alliance luxair has strong ties to lufthansa and asutrian might not be joining in the nearest future but would definitely be welcome in the alliance since you removed qatar airways from the list of possible members its no secret that star is really interessterd in qatar airways on the other hand qatar airways strengthened their cooperation with lufthansa ana and united last year they are definitely leaning towards star alliance they are at least as likely to join star as tam or sn brussles etc to join oneworld malaysia airlines to join skyteam 
0.012984562
austrian

