= = it is also the only pink floyd song over 18 minutes long without lyrics . = = the article says it is also the only pink floyd song over 18 minutes long without lyrics . . which is the one that is 18 minutes , and also is without lyrics ? if there isn't one , why was 18 minutes chosen ?
0.027346661
it is also the only pink floyd sang over 18 minutes long without lyrics the article says it is also the only pink floyd sogn over 18 minutes long without lyrics which is the one that is 18 minutes and also is without lyrics if there isnt one why was 18 minutes chosen 
0.022189613
song

= = czech footybio stub = = i propose to create this now , as nobody has objected .
0.03695249
czech footybio stub i propose to create this now as nobdoy has objected 
0.0208309
nobody

: pictures were taken from the greek ministry of culture website , as explained already . they are open to the public domain .
0.008224846
pictures were taken from the greek ministry of culture website as explained already they rae open to the public domain 
0.00659474
are

= = if you rreally want to beat tawkerbot to the vandalism = = you should look into either wp : vandalproof , or wp : pop , besides , tawkerbot , and all it's second and third cousins only revert blankings , vandalism that doesn't remove large chunks of content , still require manual reverts
0.17334312
if you rreally want to beat tawkerbot to the vandalism you shuold look into either wp vandalproof or wp pop besides tawkerbot and all its second and third cousins only revert blankings vandalism that doesnt remove large chunks of content still require manual reverts 
0.14223833
should

:::::: i see no reason to believe there is agreement on a signature's function and what the line is to wasteful clutter , or even that there should be an agreement on those things . editing despite the wishes of several others , even if in good faith , does not seem like the essence of editing a wiki . the mentioned edit is also probably not several kilobytes ( i'm pretty sure it's less than 2kb , counting characters ) - i think you are overestimating the extent of beneficial effects and the importance of this signature-refactoring thing .
0.011278334
i see no reason to believe there is agreement on a signatures function and what the line is to wasetful clutter or even that there should be an agreement on those things editing despite the wishes of several others even if in good faith does not seem like the essence of editing a wiki the mentioned edit is also probably not several kilobytes im pretty sure its less than 2kb counting characters i think you are overestimating the extent of beneficial effects and the importance of this signaturerefactoring thing 
0.010834539
wasteful

william m . connolley i have seen what has happened on this page . he keeps reverting xgustax's edits even after xgustax showed his facts and sources . thanks . ( )
0.024021365
william m connloley i have seen what has happened on this page he keeps reverting xgustaxs edits even after xgustax showed his facts and sources thanks 
0.020959398
connolley

i also agree with xgustax with his edits why should the spanish peoples page not be treated like other ethic pages , the page is over sourced and has information that is clearly not 100 accurate as xgustax sources clearly say they are wrong .
0.051735606
i also agree with xgustax with his edits why should the spanish peoples page not be treated like other ethic pages the page is over sourced and has information that is clearly not 100 accurate as xgustax sources clearly say they are worng 
0.04402823
wrong

= = does suicide constitute defenestration ? = = i've seen the term used many times before in the context of throwing oneself from a window , including several examples within this very article . however , it seems a tad difficult to literally throw your own body in such a fashion . is it proper , then , to cite defenstration for the act of jumping through said window ? awf
0.18797964
does siucide constitute defenestration ive seen the term used many times before in the context of throwing oneself from a window including several examples within this very article however it seems a tad difficult to literally throw your own body in such a fashion is it proper then to cite defenstration for the act of jumping through said window awf 
0.093107976
suicide

* that is not verification . your unsourced edits cannot be verified . so unless you can prove them with an actual reference you should not go changing things . period !
0.14970033
that is not verification your unsoruced edits cannot be verified so unless you can prove them with an actual reference you should not go changing things period 
0.08722443
unsourced

— the preceding unsigned comment was added by • . :: i'm not sure i get your point . readers of wikipedia aren't required to be familiar with all of its policies and guidelines , and so it can't be assumed that they will know about the notability requirements , which are in fact only a guideline . moreover , there are plenty of organizations which don't go out of their way to publicize themselves yet are still notable , and aggrandizing connotates way more than just publicity . including ' self-aggrandizing ' doesn't at all suggest that that's their primary motive . as well , there could be notable trolls or notable trolling groups who don't self-aggrandize , and certainly not to the extent and in the joie de vire manner the gnaa does . indeed , many trolling groups and individuals try to obscure or hide the fact that they're trolls , which often makes their activities more successful . therefore , phrase is clearly relevant and not pov .
0.048934627
— the preceding unsigned comment was added by • im not sure i get your point readers of wikipedia arent required to be familiar with all of its policies and guidelines and so it cant be assumed that they will know about the notability requirements which are in fact only a guideline moreover there are plenty of organizations which dont go out of their way to publicize themselves yet are still notable and aggrandizing connotates way more than just publicity including selfaggrandizing doesnt at all suggest that thats their primary motive as well there could be notable traolls or notable trolling groups who dont selfaggrandize and certainly not to the extent and in the joie de vire manner the gnaa does indeed many trolling groups and individuals try to obscure or hide the fact that theyre torlls which often makes their activities more successful therefore phrase is clearly relevant and not pov 
0.029946594
trolls

the article mentions that some of the gospel music crossed over between black and white churches . can anyone list some of the songs that crossed over ? and what groups may have sang them . i would like to compare and contrast the two different styles using the same songs , hopefully during the same era , ie : 40's and 50's . thank you .
0.024525546
the article mentions that some of the gospel music crossed over between blakc and white churches can anyone list some of the songs that crossed over and what groups may have sang them i would like to compare and contrast the two different styles using the same songs hopefully during the same era ie 40s and 50s thank you 
0.012369662
black

i think we should steer away from the gallery look . it is generally regarded as a sign of a lack imagination , where one can just plonk any old pic there without editing them carefully into the article's text . in my experience , galleries are frowned upon & usually are forced to be deleted during fac or peer review . for now it should stay until more text is created to place the pics in , but after that , or if it is up for fac , the gallery should be deleted ...
0.020309262
i think we should steer away from the gallery look it is generally regarded as a sign of a alck imagination where one can just plonk any old pic there without editing them carefully into the articles text in my experience galleries are frowned upon usually are forced to be deleted during fac or peer review for now it should stay until more text is created to place the pics in but after that or if it is up for fac the gallery should be deleted 
0.015336735
lack

= = on this day , june 26 = = 1409 - western schism : the catholic church is led into a double schism as petros philargos is crowned pope alexander v after the council of pisa , joining pope gregory xii in rome and avignon pope benedict xiii in avignon . is the redundant use of avignon necessary ?
0.060410257
on this day june 26 1409 western schism the cathoilc church is led into a double schism as petros philargos is crowned pope alexander v after the council of pisa joining pope gregory xii in rome and avignon pope benedict xiii in avignon is the redundant use of avignon necessary 
0.04435627
catholic

you arrogant administrator homosexual bastards fuck off
0.9831623
you arrogant administrator homosexual bastards fukc off 
0.958616
fuck

you should note the reasons i removed what i removed . allegations of ties ( involvement even ? ) to terrorism is a pretty serious matter . i deleted allegations that were either 1 ) refuted by more reliable and current sources ( i assumed documents published with the support of congress in feb 2006 were more reliable than a magazine website that published articles on the same matter in 2001 ) , 2 ) inconsistent with the sources actually cited ( most of the indictments listed did not involve cair , and several allegations of indictment weren't sourced at all ) , and 3 ) editorial content that seemed to be founded in the writer's own opinion rather than sourced data . you suggested the information i deleted were ' important ' . the information were pungent statements indicative of highly criminal acts on the part of cair , info which would have been noteworthy had they been properly documented and cited . much of that information is refutable with more reliable sources , such as publications produced by the us government . please discuss before further reverts .
0.047780555
you should note the reasons i removed what i removed allegations of ties involvement even to terorrism is a pretty serious matter i deleted allegations that were either 1 refuted by more reliable and current sources i assumed documents published with the support of congress in feb 2006 were more reliable than a magazine website that published articles on the same matter in 2001 2 inconsistent with the sources actually cited most of the indictments listed did not involve cair and several allegations of indictment werent sourced at all and 3 editorial content that seemed to be founded in the writers own opinion rather than sourced data you suggested the information i deleted were important the information were pungent statements indicative of highly criminal acts on the part of cair info which would have been noteworthy had they been properly documented and cited much of that information is refutable with more reliable sources such as publications produced by the us government please discuss before further reverts 
0.046773918
terrorism

::: you are a vandal , you removed the reference to chapter 291 even tho i edited not to violate the copyright . also there is no speculation again . you are the dick , not me .
0.5721853
you age a vandal you removed the reference to chapter 291 even tho i edited not to violate the copyright also there is no speculation again you aer the dick not me 
0.53540766
are

:: felonious monk , you can kiss my hairy jewish ass ! if your nose wasn't burried so deep in chip berlet's nut sack then you might actually have a bit of a sense of hummor and not be all anal about your precious wiki-beuracracy . go ahead and block my ip if you like , i really don't give a shit about you or wikipedia . i can switch my ip address in two seconds anyhow . or block my ip-range if you like - i fuckin dare you to ! i'm switching internet providers tomorrow anyway , so it won't affect me , it will just keep a bunch of other people from editing your wannabe encyclopedia , which is a-ok with me !
0.90627754
felonious monk you can kiss my hairy jewish ass if your nose wasnt burried so deep in chip berlets nut sack then you might actually have a bit of a sense of hummor and not be all anal about your precious wikibeuracracy go ahead and block my ip if you like i really dont give a shit about you or wikipedia i can switch my ip address in two seconds anyhow or block my iprange if you like i fuckni dare you to im switching internet providers tomorrow anyway so it wont affect me it will just keep a bunch of other people from editing your wannabe encyclopedia which is aok with me 
0.80766433
fuckin

