piss off , you wanker . when i want your opinion i'll ask for it , please hold your breath waiting for that to happen .
0.7392918
psis off you wanker when i want your opinion ill ask for it please hold your breath waiting for that to happen 
0.5930296
piss

= = protection ? = = this page needs to be semi-protected . all the annoymous people are constantly adding spam links . pretty much the last 50 or so edits are just reverting spam links .
0.06961877
protection this page needs to be semiprotected all the annoymous people are constantly adding sppam links pretty much the last 50 or so edits are just reverting spma links 
0.04467339
spam

:::::: thanks for your comments . i can understand how debates with people who have a fundamentalist disposition can be very frustrating and in some ways provoke a similar response . i assure i have no axe to grind on this subject . there may be ideas put forward through certain forms of creationism that i simply do not believe because it contradicts the available scientific evidence and i may find certain claims put forward as science exaggerated . it would not stop me reporting those beliefs if they represented a significant number of people or if they had a significant impact in a given society even though they were only held by a minority , albeit influential , section of the community . for example if a country has only small minority of people who believe in a literal six days account of creation yet they have an disproportionate influence on that society , for example in education , politics or the media , then i would cite the best available work(s ) i know that support their idea but i would also put in the best arguments against them in a concise summary of the issue with links wherever possible to other articles that examine particular issues in more depth . i approach these kind of articles by imagining that i am an open minded reader who knows little about the subject but would like to see what the main issues are without anybody censoring or filtering out material they personally do not believe in . this imaginary reader likes to form his own opinions based on the best available information with a preference for top down structure in the article , i.e. general outlines of the issue followed by a more detailed exposition . i hope this helps you understand my outlook . finally i am sorry for offending you , it certainly was not intended , and if our paths ever cross on the sea be sure to say hello !
0.030046593
thanks for your comments i can understand how debates with people who have a fundamentalist disposition can be very frsutrating and in some ways provoke a similar response i assure i have no axe to grind on this subject there may be ideas put forward through certain forms of creationism that i simply do not believe because it contradicts the available scientific evidence and i may find certain claims put forward as science exaggerated it would not stop me reporting those beliefs if they represented a significant number of people or if they had a significant impact in a given society even though they were only held by a minority albeit influential section of the community for example if a country has only small minority of people who believe in a literal six days account of creation yet they have an disproportionate influence on that society for example in education politics or the media then i would cite the best available works i know that support their idea but i would also put in the best arguments against them in a concise summary of the issue with links wherever possible to other articles that examine particular issues in more depth i approach these kind of articles by imagining that i am an open minded reader who knows little about the subject but would like to see what the main issues are without anybody censoring or filtering out material they personally do not believe in this imaginary reader likes to form his own opinions based on the best available information with a preference for top down structure in the article ie general outlines of the issue followed by a more detailed exposition i hope this helps you understand my outlook finally i am sorry for offending you it certainly was not intended and if our paths ever cross on the sea be sure to say hello 
0.02148369
frustrating

= = you losers don't know anything about frank zappa = = look frank zappa was the most alternative rock in the world . + he did not want to be remembered +he hates the music industry +i mean there are just sooooooooo many things you guys are leaving out of his article it's embarrsing .
0.37803316
you olsers dont know anything about frank zappa look frank zappa was the most alternative rock in the world he did not want to be remembered he hates the music industry i mean there are just sooooooooo many things you guys are leaving out of his article its embarrsing 
0.22580573
losers

january 2007 ( utc ) :: i have added a note clarifying that morgan-keenan is synonymous with the harvard classification . the mkk section does state that it refers to luminosity ( emitted energy ) rather than temperature ( emitted color ) . i believe this ambiguity has been resolved . agreed ? 03:46 , 21
0.018319478
january 2007 utc i have added a note clarifying that morgankeenan is synonymous with the harvard classification the mkk section does state that it refers to luminosity emitted energy rather than temperature emitted color i believe this mabiguity has been resolved agreed 0346 21 
0.0073269703
ambiguity

what happened to the category of fictional messiahs ? has it been deleted or re-named . anon
0.033885743
what happened to the category of fictional emssiahs has it been deleted or renamed anon 
0.015140395
messiahs

as i have said : if scholars ' ( ie : commentators , and obviously not primary sources ) say that boia is wrong because ... , cite them ' ; if other scholars , without entering a dialog with boia draw different conclusions based on the same primary sources , cite them . what you have added there is basically : but i , daizus , could just as well say say that boia is wrong based on my love for reading or whatever . that perspective is unencycopedic and contrary to wikipedia norms .
0.040915005
as i have said if scholars ie commentators and obviously not primary sources say that boia is rwong because cite them if other scholars without entering a dialog with boia draw different conclusions based on the same primary sources cite them what you have added there is basically but i daizus could just as well say say that boia is rwong based on my love for reading or whatever that perspective is unencycopedic and contrary to wikipedia norms 
0.03744661
wrong

:: hello marshall46 . thank you for the re-write that acknowledges differences in useage . i have just amended it slightly : :: * trying to make the opening paragraph neutral :: * removed the ‘ citation ’ request against the quartz , feldspars , nepeheline syenite as these are now included :: * removed the bit about computer controlled kilns , not least as these formulations were in use before computers :: * removed the ‘ citation ’ request against the lower fuel consumption . the reason is that soft-paste / soft porcelains , irrespective of the raw materials used be it feldspar or frits , are fired to lower temperatures than hard-paste / hard porcelains . i think in that we agree . -> lower temperatures require less fuel :: thanx
0.022904675
hello marshall46 thank you for the rewrite that acknowledges differences in useage i have just amended it slightly trying to make the opening paragraph neutral removed the ‘ citation ’ request against the quartz feldspars nepeheline syenite as these are now included removed the bit about computer controlled klins not least as these formulations were in use before computers removed the ‘ citation ’ request against the lower fuel consumption the reason is that softpaste soft porcelains irrespective of the raw materials used be it feldspar or frits are fired to lower temperatures than hardpaste hard porcelains i think in that we agree lower temperatures require less fuel thanx 
0.012497883
kilns

:::: the analogy [ sic ] does not hold . it is tantamount to saying that a mountain spring and a sewer are equivalent because both contain liquids . the fact is that urine can be drunk or used to treat wounds , as it is antiseptic ( unless the urinary tract is itself infected by opportunistic bacteria , as in the common stds , urine is sterile ) . so the original poster's comment cannot be reduced to a de gustibus argument . ( i do not mean to turn this page into a group therapy session , i am simply contributing this comment as a corrective since what we write here has an impact upon the article itself . )
0.26929557
the analogy sic does not hold it is tantamount to saying that a mountain spring and a sewer are equivalent because both contain liquids the fact is that zurine can be drunk or used to treat wounds as it is antiseptic unless the urinary tract is itself infected by opportunistic bacteria as in the common stds urien is sterile so the original posters comment cannot be reduced to a de gustibus argument i do not mean to turn this page into a group therapy session i am simply contributing this comment as a corrective since what we write here has an impact upon the article itself 
0.11812952
urine

:: in the effort to make the sentence exactly right , i think it became convoluted and hard to understand . just dropping the second sentence ( while there are rules specific to the d20 modern roleplaying game , the similarities between this game and other d20 system games outweigh the differences . ) would make the paragraph more readable and just as accurate .
0.0073252465
in the effort to make the sentence exactly right i think it became ocnvoluted and hard to understand just dropping the second sentence while there are rules specific to the d20 modern roleplaying game the similarities between this game and other d20 system games outweigh the differences would make the paragraph more readable and just as accurate 
0.006886311
convoluted

you unemployed hatchet men seem to have objections ( part of general aversion to the truth ) about being referred to as ndp attack queers . how about , cabal of sanctimonious hypocrites ? is that better ? now go get a job .
0.62996143
you unemployed hatchet men seem to have objections part of general aversion to the truth about being referred to as ndp attack queers how about cabal of sanctimonious hypocirtes is that better now go get a job 
0.5492794
hypocrites

= = = temporary block = = = {| style = background-color : #f9f9f9 ; border : 1px solid #a00 ; padding : 5px ; | {| style = background-color : #f9f9f9 ; margin : auto auto auto auto | | style = text-align : center | if you wish to contribute to this encyclopedia , please create an account and log in |} due to persistent vandalism , editing by anonymous users from your school or institution's ip address is currently disabled . if you are logged in but still unable to edit , please follow these instructions . to prevent abuse , account creation at this address may be temporarily disabled . if accounts need to be created at school for class projects , please have your teacher or network administrator contact us ( with reference to this ip address ) at unblock-en-l from an email address listed on your school's website . thank you . |}
0.040166177
temporary block style backgroundcolor f9f9f9 border 1px solid a00 padding 5px style backgroundcolor f9f9f9 margin auto auto auto auto style textalign center if you wish to contribute to this encyclopedia please create an account and log in due to persistent vadnalism editing by anonymous users from your school or institutions ip address is currently disabled if you are logged in but still unable to edit please follow these instructions to prevent abuse account creation at this address may be temporarily disabled if accounts need to be created at school for class projects please have your teacher or network administrator contact us with reference to this ip address at unblockenl from an email address listed on your schools website thank you 
0.029269693
vandalism

my response to the request for comments is : 1 . the article should state what robert latimer said he believed – i think it would be best to actually quote him so that there can be no question about accuracy of the wording of what he says he believed . i think the article should refer to what he has said ( the cbc story has lots of his comments in this regard ) and not to what he believed ( because n o-o ne can know this ) . 2 . on the second point , i agree that it is most accurate to state that latimer and his supporters consider his actions to be a mercy killing .
0.05382861
my response to the request for comments is 1 the article should state what robert latimer said he believed – i think it would be best to actually quote him so that there can be no question about accuracy of the wording of what he says he believed i think the article should refer to what he has said the cbc story has lots of his comments in this regard and not to what he believed because n oo ne can know this 2 on the second point i agree that it is most accurate to state that latimer and his supporters consider his actions to be a mercy iklling 
0.0153481085
killing

28 , 23 january 2007 ( utc ) . hi , i recently did the scribe-compass article . in carpentry this gadget is called scribes at least in part of new england . this may vary in other parts of the country . basically it is primarily used to trace or scribe since the pointed branch is so flat . i think the correct name comes down to being a prescriptioist or a descriptionist of words . i am new at this so i am open to suggestions about the proper location . 01 :
0.01740415
28 23 january 2007 utc hi i recently did the scribecompass article in carpentry this gadget is called scribes at least in part of new england this may vary in other parts of the country basically it is primarily used to trace or scribe since the pointed branch is so lfat i think the correct name comes down to being a prescriptioist or a descriptionist of words i am new at this so i am open to suggestions about the proper location 01 
0.014449401
flat

this page needs to be renamed , jicaque is what other people called them ; tol is the word they call themselves .
0.10693045
this page needs to eb renamed jicaque is what other people called them tol is the word they call themselves 
0.08333859
be

= = = = perhaps you'd speak up for . seems like despite past differences ( assuming the connection between the accounts is true ) , he had been speaking up for you several times lately on wp : ani . search for your name and you will see this is true . the discussion about this seems to be going on in several places : , and .
0.020442178
perhaps youd speak up for seems like despite past differences assuming the connection between the accounts is true he had been speaking up for you several times lately on wp ani search for your name and you will see this is true the discussion about this seems to eb going on in several places and 
0.019903257
be

i think this is notable because it's a topic that hasn't been touched by a lot of kids shows .
0.07843171
i think this si notable because its a topic that hasnt been touched by a lot of kids shows 
0.07706321
is

my talk page = = don't be coming to my talk page with nonsense . if you have something specific to complain about , point out what it is , and how you think it is contrary to wikipedia policy . = =
0.20037386
my talk page dont be coming to my talk page with nonsesne if you have something specific to complain about point out what it is and how you think it is contrary to wikipedia policy 
0.061544284
nonsense

