chickens has no penis
0.88331306
chickens has no pensi 
0.18522471
penis

he's a political operative , period . feloniousmonk , i'm sick of your constant harrassment . secondly , i don't care about your stupid rfc . he's not a theologian , and neither are you . this article is nothing but a bigoted , hate-filled polemic . widely respected by whom , leftists . this is a highly biased article that doesn't conform to npov standards . the only consensus here is a consensus of one , you . i reject the rfc as nothing but harassment .
0.6657841
hes a political operative period feloniousmonk im sick of your constant harrassment secondly i dont care about your sutpid rfc hes not a theologian and neither are you this article is nothing but a bigoted hatefilled polemic widely respected by whom leftists this is a highly biased article that doesnt conform to npov standards the only consensus here is a consensus of one you i reject the rfc as nothing but harassment 
0.51604325
stupid

= = i dismiss your rfc = = i dismiss your rfc as nothing but harassment pure and simple . why do you hate religion ? am i not allowed to edit on wikipedia because i am not a radical secularist ? i point out that your stereotypes about evangelicals don't apply to everyone , and what do you do , you remove it ? am i supposed to stop being an orthodox catholic to edit wikipedia ? or do you have to be a committed atheist to be credible ? it seems that you aren't interested in discussing the issues from an uninvolved third-person perspective , but instead it seems you use wikipedia to grind an axe against christianity . how can you say that the crop of articles your work on are neutral , when there are many inaccuracies and stereotypes , etc . about politically active christians found within ? christian reconstructionism is an outgrowth of calvinist theology , plain an simple . how can you say that i am pov pushing does npov equal secular leftism ? the dominionism article is heavily slanted to the left politically , and i haven't violated any rules by posting a pov tag there . much of what i have read form people such as yurica , bokaer , etc ., is nothing but guilt by association . the edit warring has come from your side from the beginning . chip berlet is a political operative who isn't schooled in theology , and his observations paint with a broad brush , lacking historical insights into christian views on church and state . this isn't a personal attack . there shouldn't be a pro- or an anti-dominionist bias . your stated commitment to paint dominionism as a threat is hardly npov .
0.17635177
i dismiss your rfc i dismiss your rfc as nothing but harassment pure and simple why do you ahte religion am i not allowed to edit on wikipedia because i am not a radical secularist i point out that your stereotypes about evangelicals dont apply to everyone and what do you do you remove it am i supposed to stop being an orthodox catholic to edit wikipedia or do you have to be a committed atheist to be credible it seems that you arent interested in discussing the issues from an uninvolved thirdperson perspective but instead it seems you use wikipedia to grind an axe against christianity how can you say that the crop of articles your work on are neutral when there are many inaccuracies and stereotypes etc about politically active christians found within christian reconstructionism is an outgrowth of calvinist theology plain an simple how can you say that i am pov pushing does npov equal secular leftism the dominionism article is heavily slanted to the left politically and i havent violated any rules by posting a pov tag there much of what i have read form people such as yurica bokaer etc is nothing but guilt by association the edit warring has come from your side from the beginning chip berlet is a political operative who isnt schooled in theology and his observations paint with a broad brush lacking historical insights into christian views on church and state this isnt a personal attack there shouldnt be a pro or an antidominionist bias your stated commitment to paint dominionism as a threat is hardly npov 
0.13710824
hate

i decided to go ahead and edit out the contentious , irrelevant and tangential information about how often reinhardt was overruled , the composition of the ninth circuit , the apparent perfidy of the the weekly standard , the intriguing semantic question about whether the supreme court overrules the circuit courts of appeal as a whole , the panels who hear the appeal , the appellate majority or just the judges who write the decisions , etc . and keep it a straightforward biological entry .
0.008403428
i decided to go ahead and edit out the contentious irrelevatn and tangential information about how often reinhardt was overruled the composition of the ninth circuit the apparent perfidy of the the weekly standard the intriguing semantic question about whether the supreme court overrules the circuit courts of appeal as a whole the panels who hear the appeal the appellate majority or just the judges who write the decisions etc and keep it a straightforward biological entry 
0.0069976267
irrelevant

i just made the page because the freezepop article had an empty link to it . i figured something was better than nothing . the company does have 11 pages of google search results , and is already listed ont he disambiguation page for archenemy_(disambiguation ) . the google search also lists several record label directories , radio stations with releases in ranked playlists , and reviews of releases . these seem like they might fall into the company criteria #2 ...
0.022429114
i just made the page because the freezepop article had an empty link to it i figured something was better than nothnig the company does have 11 pages of google search results and is already listed ont he disambiguation page for archenemydisambiguation the google search also lists several record label directories radio stations with releases in ranked playlists and reviews of releases these seem like they might fall into the company criteria 2 
0.0132925175
nothing

i agree with kevin entirely . the first paragraph of the section is highly debatable . certainly , jews ! -slogan is a recent invention . condescending use of the epitaph has been around a lot longer , unfortunately . in that light , the paragraph needs serious revision . also , it would greatly benefit from mentioning last year's attempts by the club to reduce if not eradicate the slogans altogether . the club argued it was inappropriate and hurtful to many of the club's jewish supporters , the statement must be out there on ajax.nl . regardless of any of the above , hardcore ajax supporters are not exclusively jewish , neither currently nor historically , which is definitely worth mentioning in light of the symbols and slogans .
0.04833757
i agree with kevin entirely the first paragraph of the section is highly debatable certainly jwes slogan is a recent invention condescending use of the epitaph has been around a lot longer unfortunately in that light the paragraph needs serious revision also it would greatly benefit from mentioning last years attempts by the club to reduce if not eradicate the slogans altogether the club argued it was inappropriate and hurtful to many of the clubs jewish supporters the statement must be out there on ajaxnl regardless of any of the above hardcore ajax supporters are not exclusively jewish neither currently nor historically which is definitely worth mentioning in light of the symbols and slogans 
0.028612114
jews

= = my sincere apologies = = i was in a bad mood yesterday and some guy deleted a legtimate page of mine so i decided to spam this article with bad comments . i believe that al qaeda is an evil organization and do not want them to bomb or kill anything . please accept my sincere apology .
0.38447228
my sincere apologies i was in a bad mood yesterday and some guy deleted a legtimate page of mine so i decided to spam this article with bad comments i believe that al qaeda is an evil organization and do not want them to bomb or klil anything please accept my sincere apology 
0.29844272
kill

this article should be moved to spring as it's far and away the most common use of the term , similar to how
0.021224022
this article should eb moved to spring as its far and away the most common use of the term similar to how 
0.01586916
be

= = = = removal of comments on talk page #2 = = = = no , it is not a personal opinion . there is fecal matter visible in the photo , and that is a fact . and even if it was a personal opinion ( which it's not . there is something visibly in existence in the photo ) , i was saying it on the talk page , not the main article . there was no reason for my comments to be removed .
0.26569352
removal of comments on talk page 2 no it is not a personal opinion there is feacl matter visible in the photo and that is a fact and even if it was a personal opinion which its not there is something visibly in existence in the photo i was saying it on the talk page not the main article there was no reason for my comments to be removed 
0.037568036
fecal

= = diamond weapon ... sensing murder ? = = what does it mean when the diamond weapon sensed murder ? i don't understand where this stems from ...
0.2454016
diamond weapon sensing urder what does it mean when the diamond weapon sensed mruder i dont understand where this stems from 
0.036714062
murder

- - fine , thanks for the response . its interesting that i had previously come across her name as an attendee from another web source but hadn't retained the reference . the author of the newspaper article quoted seemed quite knowledgable in the area , given the overall detail and content . it needs to be pinned down definitively .
0.013548345
fine thanks for the response its interesting that i had previously come across her name as an attenede from another web source but hadnt retained the reference the author of the newspaper article quoted seemed quite knowledgable in the area given the overall detail and content it needs to be pinned down definitively 
0.011499847
attendee

::: well then its proved ! you are not objective and your critic is not correct : for example : did you read the whole mail conversation ? could somebody else then me ad that link refers to an answer earlier in a totally different place and are made becouse i can not put even an article or a link anyware now when calton is stalking and harrassing me ! ( not even in swedish part of wikipedia ) no i do not belive that wikipedia need the kind of behavore that calton stands for , it should be open , free and invite people to contribute , to act in a self apointed wiki-police/seqretservice is only bad for the future of wikipedia , i agree that we need to keep a standard and that pure nonsens and spam needs to be controlled , but running around and sweepclean like this is close to vandalism and does not belong in wikipedia . and yes , again i do not belive that i am guilty of meatpuppetry or any of the accusation that you and calton put on me for a while , why ? becouse i have never even for one second tryed ty chet , lie or decite and if anyone with a bit of neutrality ( you for example ? ) could try to see the whole context , so in this time to : that statement cut from its context is not showing the truth , please read the whole conversation and then comeback and tell me it is meatpuppetry ??? by the way , yes i do not understand or like the wikipedia jargon or any other becouse it is created for hiding and excluding , nothing for me ...
0.13099748
well then its proved you are not objective and your critic is not correct for example did you read the whole mail conversation could somebody else then me ad that link refers to an answer earlier in a totally different place and are made becouse i can not put even an article or a link anyware now when calton is stalking and harrassign me not even in swedish part of wikipedia no i do not belive that wikipedia need the kind of behavore that calton stands for it should be open free and invite people to contribute to act in a self apointed wikipoliceseqretservice is only bad for the future of wikipedia i agree that we need to keep a standard and that pure nonsens and spam needs to be controlled but running around and sweepclean like this is close to vandalism and does not belong in wikipedia and yes again i do not belive that i am guilty of meatpuppetry or any of the accusation that you and calton put on me for a while why becouse i have never even for one second tryed ty chet lie or decite and if anyone with a bit of neutrality you for example could try to see the whole context so in this time to that statement cut from its context is not showing the truth please read the whole conversation and then comeback and tell me it is meatpuppetry by the way yes i do not understand or like the wikipedia jargon or any other becouse it is created for hiding and excluding nothing for me 
0.113081485
harrassing

= = russian vs . georgian spelling = = i am just wondering the sukhumi is a 100% russian spelling and sokhumi is a georgian spelling , which i sused by most sources .
0.0736751
russian vs georgian spelling i am just wondering the sukhumi is a 100 russian spelling and sokhumi is a georgian spelling which i ussed by most sources 
0.06410047
sused

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are some pages that you might find helpful : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . again , welcome ! —
0.0071306727
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here aer some pages that you might find helpful the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions again welcome — 
0.0056741973
are

the only issue is removal of referenced material . no it wasn't removed only moved after it was clear removal wouldn't work , but neither has this so ... you add yet another bad and false list of allegations . that's falty reasoning .
0.21239772
the only issue is removal of referenced material no it wasnt removed only moved after it was clear removal wouldnt work but neither has this so you add yet another abd and false list of allegations thats falty reasoning 
0.14861509
bad

please do not remove content from wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , please use the sandbox . thank you . -
0.053934507
please do not remove content from wikipedia it is considered vandalims if you would like to experiment please use the sandbox thank you 
0.030262193
vandalism

: for that way as well , how about his heavy cameo on the black eyed peas ' album , monkey business , the song they don't want music is pretty much all him .
0.23242705
for that way as well how about his heavy cameo on the black eyed peas album mokney business the song they dont want music is pretty much all him 
0.22485724
monkey

= = tom hoobler = = i'll take your word for it that you are the contestant mentioned here , but you're editing from an aol ip address , used by countless other people , many vandals . if you want to continue to contribute to wikipedia , i'd suggest signing up for an account . it can actually be more anonymous than an ip address ( i know , after all , that your isp is aol ) , and other editors will take you more seriously .
0.12853965
tom hoobler ill take your word for it that you are the contestant mentioned here but youre editing from an aol ip address used by countless other people many vanadls if you want to continue to contribute to wikipedia id suggest signing up for an account it can actually be more anonymous than an ip address i know after all that your isp is aol and other editors will take you more seriously 
0.091803744
vandals

reverting a link with spam is a double standard and makes you a hipocrite .
0.6444229
reverting a link with spam is a double standard and makes you a hiporcite 
0.2198138
hipocrite

= = make a justice yourself . = = i am about whom , brought so many complaints , that are mentioned above . i have nothing to say more about saying that please make a justice yourself . i am guilty for something , i affirm . but whatever i am editing in article marwat is based upon reality , fact and a trueinformation . the got some personal enmiy with the people , who i mention in the article . i just don't want that enmity to be brought-up here , as wp is not the property of mr. user : marwatt . i have no more evidence of being a true one , except requesting you to make an enquiry yourself and make a justice by being a nuteral one . also read user:addhoc's comment on user : marwatt , you will know the frustration of at me , automatically . a sincere and humble request .
0.059558224
make a justice yourself i am about whom brought so many complaints that are mentioned above i have nothing to say more about saying that please make a justice yourself i am guilty for something i affirm but whatever i am editing in article marwat vs based upon reality fact and a trueinformation the got some personal enmiy with the people who i mention in the article i just dont want that enmity to be broughtup here as wp si not the property of mr user marwatt i have no more evidence of being a true one except requesting you to make an enquiry yourself and make a justice by being a nuteral one also read useraddhocs comment on user marwatt you will know the frustration of at me automatically a sincere and humble request 
0.05300653
is

= = please clarify = = could you please state clearly what in my comment you believe should be changed .
0.034519568
please clarify could you please state clearly what in my comment you believe should eb changed 
0.026166016
be

