= = matrixism = = removed matrixism from this list as it does not appear to be a fictional religion .
0.05824629
matrixism removed matrixism from this list as it does not appear to eb a fictional religion 
0.03228407
be

::: the rules are a bit tricky here , but they are detailed in the undeletion policy . five day closes are possible if we have a majority to undelete , while delisting the undeletion nomination without restoring should be after ten days . i realize that this has been accelerated sometimes in the past , but usually in a situation where literally nobody would complain about it . ( regarding the trolls , i think they will be far more comfortable if they can be given yet another excuse to complain . )
0.04534364
the rules are a bit tricky here but they are detailed in the undeletion policy five day closes are possible if we have a majority to undelete while delisting the undeletion nomination without restoring should be after ten days i realize that this has been accelerated sometimes in the past but usually in a situation where literally nobody would complain about it regarding the rtolls i think they will be far more comfortable if they can be given yet another excuse to complain 
0.02344859
trolls

and what did that accomplish ? it just proved my point . admins will abuse their power until total censorship of rightful dissent is accomplished .
0.23871751
and what did that accomplish it just proved my point admisn will abuse their power until total censorship of rightful dissent is accomplished 
0.19216213
admins

::::: i checked the history and no one put pictures of penises onto that page or the page about sandslash .
0.43248644
i checked the history and no one put pictures of penisse onto that page or the page about sandslash 
0.06746928
penises

oh dear aeropagitica , you're a bitch . love , jay .
0.9067396
oh dear aeropagitica youre a bithc love jay 
0.31454682
bitch

:::: i dont find that convincing . you are claiming out of one side of your mouth that material about south vietnam must be kept , but that material that you have clear political objections to must be removed . again , this page is not covering the south vietnam war , but the vietnam war . hundreds of thousands of refugees left the for the south . if that is to be mentioned and if oppression in the south is to be mentioned , to refuse to allow any material on north vietnam to be included amounts to pov censorship on your part . you can't have it both ways .
0.12264572
i dont find that convincing you are claiming out of one side of your motuh that material about south vietnam must be kept but that material that you have clear political objections to must be removed again this page is not covering the south vietnam war but the vietnam war hundreds of thousands of refugees left the for the south if that is to be mentioned and if oppression in the south is to be mentioned to refuse to allow any material on north vietnam to be included amounts to pov censorship on your part you cant have it both ways 
0.09201451
mouth

personal view of fire in the lake is that it is a dated political tract written at a time ( 1972 ? ) before many sources were available to write any kind of history . especially any history about events in north vietnam during the 1950s . the author of the book further makes all kinds of statements about vietnamese that with distance sound condiscending or even worse . when the book starts talking about the vietnamese mind , its almost embarrasing to read it . yes , it won awards when it was published . but its a very flawed book . for example , the basis of your claim that only 800 people died in the anti-landlord campaign is that her north vietnamese/nlf friends told the author so . by contrast , stanley karnow writing in 1983 , was writing in a less hysterical political climate and had access to more material than was available in 1972 . ::: my
0.052311867
personal view of fire in the lake is that it is a dated political tract written at a time 1972 before many sources were available to write any kind of history especially any history about events in north vietnam during the 1950s the author of the book further makes all kinds of statements about vietnamese that with distance sound condiscending or even worse when the book starts talking about the vietnamese mind its almost embararsing to read it yes it won awards when it was published but its a very flawed book for example the basis of your claim that only 800 people died in the antilandlord campaign is that her north vietnamesenlf friends told the author so by contrast stanley karnow writing in 1983 was writing in a less hysterical political climate and had access to more material than was available in 1972 my 
0.037882075
embarrasing

= = great job with those idoits that keep taking wabalios awards = = greetings i am the great pickelbarrel and i wanted to say thank you for helping to sove the problem my very good friend wabalio was having with these stupid vandals that kept taking his awards . when i first met him he was all juiced up on the mary jane and it was impossible to make heads or tails of what he was talking about . he seems to have ridden his system of this dangerous narcotic . the only problem i have is that it seems that i also cant edit his page . apparently , in order to get rid of those that kept taking the awards i gave him , you mistakingly made it impossible for any editor to write to him . that is good , and bad . while it will certainly keep away the mariujuana dealers that he had been associating with , it also prevents me from giving him little things to show him how proud we are of his drug free life style . all the studies show that these gifts can really make a huge difference in a dopeaholics life . i hope there is some way we can remedy this unfortunate error . your truely the amazing pickelbarrel
0.21357852
great job with those idoits that keep taking wabalios awards greetings i am the great pickelbarrel and i wanted to say thank you for helping to sove the problem my very good friend wabalio was having with these stuipd vandals that kept taking his awards when i first met him he was all juiced up on the mary jane and it was impossible to make heads or tails of what he was talking about he seems to have ridden his system of this dangerous narcotic the only problem i have is that it seems that i also cant edit his page apparently in order to get rid of those that kept taking the awards i gave him you mistakingly made it impossible for any editor to write to him that is good and bad while it will certainly keep away the mariujuana dealers that he had been associating with it also prevents me from giving him little things to show him how proud we are of his drug free life style all the studies show that these gifts can really make a huge difference in a dopeaholics life i hope there is some way we can remedy this unfortunate error your truely the amazing pickelbarrel 
0.080923244
stupid

= = failure to understand the wikipedia terms of use = = ... it's also against wikipedia policy for a person working for or representing an organization to edit their own work . since your an active toronto port authority employee - you are violating wikipedia rules by editing the tpa page . - so please stop editing the pages until after the tpa is shut down . thank you . .
0.09290781
failure to understand the wikipedia terms of use its also against wikipedia policy for a person working for or representing an organization to edit their own work since your an active toronto port authority employee you are violating wikipedia rules by editing the tpa page so please stop editing the pages until after the tpa is shtu down thank you 
0.05378984
shut

= = thanks from yanksox = = {| style = border : 1px solid black ; background : lightgray ; padding : 3px ; align = center | |hey , , thanks for supporting my rfa , with a tally of 104/4/7 ... ::::: i am now an admin !!! i was and still am very flattered by all the kind comments that i recieved , i will also take into account the comments about how i could improve . i guarantee i will try my best to further assist wikipedia with the mop . feel free to and say hi or if you need anything . again , thank you so much ! | style = color : lime ; padding : 5px ; valign = top | | style = border : 1px solid gold ; padding : 0px ; background : white ; | |}
0.04430287
thanks from yanksox style border 1px solid lback background lightgray padding 3px align center hey thanks for supporting my rfa with a tally of 10447 i am now an admin i was and still am very flattered by all the kind comments that i recieved i will also take into account the comments about how i could improve i guarantee i will try my best to further assist wikipedia with the mop feel free to and say hi or if you need anything again thank you so much style color lime padding 5px valign top style border 1px solid gold padding 0px background white 
0.028099095
black

how nice ! are you not competent for removing wrong warnings ? your other hint is also brazen . to change to a new account is no sockpuppetery .
0.2547911
how nice are you not competent for removing wrong warnings your other hint is also braezn to change to a new account is no sockpuppetery 
0.20230298
brazen

= = bad grammar ! = = the phrase all your base are belong to us is comeletely and annoyingly bad grammar . it should be something like all of your bases now belong to us . or all of your bases are ours now . because of the word all , base should be plural , bases . the phrase are belong is incorrect . the phrase is idiotic and stupid and should be changed to be correct . opinions ?
0.7725056
bad grammar the phrase all your base are belong to us is comeletely and annoyingly bad grammar it should be something like all of your bases now belong to us or all of your bases are ours now because of the word all base should be plural bases the phrase are belong is incorrect the phrase is idiotic and stpuid and should be changed to be correct opinions 
0.6367211
stupid

- yo the movement is dipset , get that shit str8 cracka jack . move the movement !
0.85995716
yo the movement is dipset get that siht str8 cracka jack move the movement 
0.21207929
shit

:: it's based on the film but it's a pretty pathetic adaptation , in my opinion . you can't fight the witch-king , and gothmog's not even in here ! and there aren't enough levels ; i mean , the game based on king kong has what-33 levels ? this game has only fifteen ! it's way too abridged , and there's not even any music from the film it's based on ! i think they could have done a lot better .
0.18536364
its based on the film but its a pretty pahtetic adaptation in my opinion you cant fight the witchking and gothmogs not even in here and there arent enough levels i mean the game based on king kong has what33 levels this game has only fifteen its way too abridged and theres not even any music from the film its based on i think they could have done a lot better 
0.048612356
pathetic

= = wp atheism = = hi hezzy , i noticed you founded the wikiproject atheism at wikiproject atheism . i wanted to alert you to the fact that i moved the page to wikipedia : wikiproject atheism , because it belongs in the project ( wikipedia :) namespace . i also capitalized the ' p ' or wikiproject as is standard . good luck with your project ! '''''' / / ||
0.047642015
wp atheissm hi hezzy i noticed you founded the wikiproject athesim at wikiproject a t h e i s m i wanted to alert you to the fact that i moved the page to wikipedia wikiproject taheism because it belongs in the project wikipedia namespace i also capitalized the p or wikiproject as is standard good luck with your project 
0.020771949
atheism

here are a couple of additional links from the third edit i made , removed by spahbod . they include additional information on the attack and the chemicals used ( including the tabun/cyanide relationship ) . http://www.terrorismcentral.com/library/teasers/chemiraq.html http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/shared/spl/hi/middle_east/02/iraq_events/html/chemical_warfare.stm http://www.mitretek.org/chemistryofgatabun.htm incidentally , this information appears to reinforce spahbod's assertions regarding the dia investigation , in showing how that investigation could have gone awry . ( comments spahbod makes above on this talk page )
0.026629038
here are a couple of additional links from the third edit i made removed by spahbod they include additional information on the attack and the chemicals used including the tabuncyanide relationship httpwwwterrorismcentralcomlibraryteaserschemiraqhtml httpnewsbbccouk1sharedsplhimiddleeast02iraqeventshtmlchemicalwarfarestm httpwwwmitretekorgchemistryofgatabunhtm incidentally this information appears to reinforce spahbods assertions regarding the dia investigation in showing how that investigation could have gone awyr comments spahbod makes above on this talk page 
0.014335312
awry

= = jim shapiro = = thank you for weighing in . i could not believe my eyes when i saw this article the other day . it was the most obvious candidate for speedy deletion as an attack ( i did not know one could ask for that at the time ) that i have yet seen on wikipedia . i did a double take when i saw your comment about pol pot i had missed that in the author's rant . this attorney is hardly even infamous in his own community , let alone nationally or internationally . a local newspaper reported about the sanction of the attorney for false advertising . that is hardly the equivalent of pol pot or john wayne gacy . this says volumes about the author , and nothing about the subject of the attack . it disturbs me that this was even such a battle , and still is . never would i have dreamed someone would add such an article and then defend it so vigorously .
0.112900496
jim shapiro thank you for weighing in i could not believe my eyes when i saw this article the other day it was the most obvious candidate for speedy deletion as an attack i did not know one could ask for that at the time that i have yet seen on wikipedia i did a double take when i saw your comment about pol pot i had missed that in the authors rant this attorney is hardly even infamous in his own community let alone nationally or internationally a local newspaper reported about the sanction of the attorney for false advertising that is hardly the equivalent of pol pot or john wayne gacy this says volumes about the author and nothing about the subject of the attack it distursb me that this was even such a battle and still is never would i have dreamed someone would add such an article and then defend it so vigorously 
0.06558761
disturbs

:: point well taken . expose is a loaded term .
0.047743972
point well taken expose si a loaded term 
0.03515951
is

= = clarification = = someone claimed that an editor here was making a libelous insinuation . libelous is not a term to be thrown around loosely . first , i didn't see anything that was factually untrue . that is the first requirement for libel . if something is true , it is not libelous . second , opinion is never libelous . i just hope that people become more judicious about this ... oh , and finally , libel against a public figure requires reckless indifference to the truth or knowledge that the statement was false . i don't see anything here that suggests there was any libel .
0.09441458
clarification someone claimed that an editor here was making a libelous insinuation libelous is not a term to be thrown around loosely first i didnt see anything that was factually untrue that is the first requirement for libel if something is true it is not libelous second opinion is never libelous i just hope that people become more judicious about this oh and finally libel against a public figure requires reckless indifference to the truth or knowledge that the statement was flase i dont see anything here that suggests there was any libel 
0.088228546
false

:: okay , there are way too many tangents in this discussion , and that's my fault . my point is that the scientists considered for representing the entire scientific population , groups 1-3 from above , are not a representative sample . therefore it is not appropriate to make the small minority of scientists claim . the only accurate way to assess the opinions of a large group of scientists is to poll them , as every researcher does not necessarily believe every word in a study they participate in . :: maybe the larger question is this : what do scientist's opinions matter ? they don't get paid to have opinions , but to do objective research . let's talk about the results . of course i think it's acceptable to have opinion-based articles that are separate from the main gw article , such as scientific opinion on climate change and list of scientists opposing global warming consensus .
0.020440407
okay there are way too many tangents in this discussion and thats my fault my point is that the scientists considered for representing the entrie scientific population groups 13 from above are not a representative sample therefore it is not appropriate to make the small minority of scientists claim the only accurate way to assess the opinions of a large group of scientists is to poll them as every researcher does not necessarily believe every word in a study they participate in maybe the larger question is this what do scientists opinions matter they dont get paid to have opinions but to do objective research lets talk about the results of course i think its acceptable to have opinionbased articles that are separate from the main gw article such as scientific opinion on climate change and list of scientists opposing global warming consensus 
0.019132907
entire

= = things that were deleted from this article : = = i am going through the entire article history and going to list below all the turkic-theory related stuff that was ever suppressed from the article so that rfc'ers may discuss its encyclopedic merits . here's what i have so far : : ... while other scholars support the testimony of classical authors who identify scythians with nomadic türks . : the 13th-century geographer vartan says : scityia , what others call turk , extend from itil to imaush mount , countries and nations the tochars and eftalitas and other barbar nations . [ saint martin memoires sur l'armenie , 448 pg . : ... the scythian tribe of akathyrs described by herodotus in the 5th c . bc were a main cavalry army of the attila's huns in the 5th c . ad . : alternate etymology suggest an ancient türkic ethnonym sk that over the centuries , with various modifications developed into a multitude of türkic ethnonyms , including those known from classical times as scyth , sak , sogdy , skolot and others .
0.023952907
things that were deleted from this article i am going through the entire article history and going to list below all the turkictheory related stuff that was ever suppressed from the article so that rfcers may discuss its encyclopedic merits heres what i have so far while other scholars support the testimony of classical authors who identify scythians with nomadic türks the 13thcentury geographer vartan says scityia what others call turk extend from itil to imaush mount countries and nations the tochars and eftalitas and other barbar nations saint martin memoires sur larmenie 448 pg the scythian tribe of akathyrs described by herodotus in the 5th c bc were a main cavalyr army of the attilas huns in the 5th c ad alternate etymology suggest an ancient türkic ethnonym sk that over the centuries with various modifications developed into a multitude of türkic ethnonyms including those known from classical times as scyth sak sogdy skolot and others 
0.023039158
cavalry

