= = a welcome from = = hello , adam wadley , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions ; i hope you like the place and decide to stay . we're glad to have you in our community ! here are a few good links for newcomers : * if you haven't already , drop by the new user log and tell others a bit about yourself . * always sign your posts on talk pages ! that way , others will know who left which comments . * the five pillars of wikipedia * simplified ruleset * how to edit a page * editing , policy , conduct , and structure tutorial * picture tutorial * how to write a great article * naming conventions * manual of style * wikipedia glossary i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! though we all make goofy mistakes , here is what wikipedia is not . if you have any questions or concerns , don't hesitate to see the help pages or add a question to the village pump . the community portal can also be very useful . happy editing ! – '''''' ( e ) p.s. feel free to leave a message on if you need help with anything or simply wish to say hello . )
0.01647301
a welcome from hello adam wadley and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay were glad to have you in our community here rae a few good links for newcomers if you havent already drop by the new user log and tell others a bit about yourself always sign your posts on talk pages that way others will know who left which comments the five pillars of wikipedia simplified ruleset how to edit a page editing policy conduct and structure tutorial picture tutorial how to write a great article naming conventions manual of style wikipedia glossary i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian though we all make goofy mistakes here is what wikipedia is not if you have any questions or concerns dont hesitate to see the help pages or add a question to the village pump the community portal can also be very useful happy editing – e ps feel free to leave a message on if you need help with anything or simply wish to say hello 
0.006922747
are

: which is acknowledged and can be read around in an informative way . on the other hand britannica and encarta stick strictly to promoting the orthodoxies of liberal american academics while pretending to be unbiased .
0.022701884
which is acknowledged and can be read around in an informative way on the other hand britannica and encarta stick strictly to promoting the orthodoxies of liberal american academics while pretendnig to be unbiased 
0.017533453
pretending

: so far , this is hearsay . i'd like to see a quote where watson calls himself a classical liberal .
0.057899825
so far this si hearsay id like to see a quote where watson calls himself a classical liberal 
0.048601296
is

you see that kid talking to me i hate him he never leaves me alone . i wish he would die . =
0.7808166
you see that kid talking to me i hate him he never leaves me alone i wish he would dei 
0.55115724
die

this is the discussion page ...
0.032923773
this si the discussion page 
0.023206817
is

:: hi all , * i corrected chronology section as much as i can . * map of antiochia , according to map , antiochia is absolutely antakya . therefore , it must have been remowed . * armenian kingdom falls middle ages . so i moved related info .. * i added etymology section and deleted section of names . happy ?
0.03641261
hi all i corrected chronology section as much as i can map of antiochia according to map antiochia si absolutely antakya therefore it must have been remowed armenian kingdom falls middle ages so i moved related info i added etymology section and deleted section of names happy 
0.015769448
is

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are a few good links for newcomers : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . again , welcome ! = = page blanking = = on 30-mar , you blanked lucy , the daughter of the devil . blanking pages is generally considered a bad idea . in cases of duplicate articles , you should redirect the article . i have redirected this one to lucy : daughter of the devil . if you believe the redirect should be deleted , please follow the redirect portion of the deletion procedures . if you have questions , please let me know . thanks !
0.044946298
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here are a few good links for newcomers the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions again welcome page blanking on 30mar you blanked lucy the daughter of the  evil blanking pages is generally considered a bad idea in cases of duplicate articles you should redirect the article i have redirected this one to lucy daughter of the deivl if you believe the redirect should be deleted please follow the redirect portion of the deletion procedures if you have questions please let me know thanks 
0.025726737
devil

::: i cannot stop laughing at you and you irani friends !! i am very glad .
0.34280702
i cannot stop alughing at you and you irani friends i am very glad 
0.27584228
laughing

: looks like they have a real annoying javascript script to try and force you to use their frames . one less site i'll ever visit .
0.15972733
looks like they have a real annoiyng javascript script to try and force you to use their frames one less site ill ever visit 
0.115238756
annoying

: i previewed it with the lighter colors and on the tan they looked awful . but the blue , green , and purple the surround the titles on the main page look fine .
0.10673128
i previewed it with the lighter colors and on the tan they looked afwul but the blue green and purple the surround the titles on the main page look fine 
0.020630408
awful

:: oops , the math major in me is coming out - i did the math , and if the info destruction is greater than the info creation , you actually end up with a negative amount of encyclopedia .... not a zero amount ; ) , i hope that my striking out some offensive language does not further jade you towards wikipedia , but i firmly believe in civility here - i think it's the only way npov articles get written here .
0.08714652
oops the math major in me is coming out i did the math and if the info destruction is greater than the info creation you actually end up with a negative amount of encyclopedia not a zero amount i hope that my striking out some offesnive language does not further jade you towards wikipedia but i firmly believe in civility here i think its the only way npov articles get written here 
0.07970477
offensive

— this unsigned comment was added by • . : i guess maybe i didn't do a good job of communicating the issue to you . i realize that image : palermod . jpg and image : pooninja . jpg are of the users by the same name . what i am concerned about , especially for your photo , is who took the photo ? if it was a professional photography agency then they most likely retain copyright which means you can't put it on wikipedia . -
0.010750933
— this unsigned comment was added by • i guess maybe i didnt do a good job of communicating the issue to you i realize that image palermod jpg and image pooninja jpg are of the users by the same name what i am concerned about especially for your photo si who took the photo if it was a professional photography agency then they most likely retain copyright which means you cant put it on wikipedia 
0.009833365
is

when i get back , i'm going to rfc him . i want his cowardly accusation rolled back and him censured for his repaeated lies and personal attacks . plus , i want an administrator to direct him to the guidelines for user pages and point out to him that his userpage is a conceited self publicising blog and needs to be trimmed .
0.4709635
when i get back im going to rfc him i want his ocwardly accusation rolled back and him censured for his repaeated lies and personal attacks plus i want an administrator to direct him to the guidelines for user pages and point out to him that his userpage is a conceited self publicising blog and needs to be trimmed 
0.38290823
cowardly

i see you have been experimenting with wikipedia . your change was determined to be unhelpful , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks . —
0.030508751
i see you have been experimenting with wikipedia your change was determined to be unhelpful and ahs been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks — 
0.029753707
has

oh for goodness sake . stop being such a dramatist . wikipedia is big enough for us both to keep out of each other's way , surely ?
0.22306126
oh for goodness sake stop being scuh a dramatist wikipedia is big enough for us both to keep out of each others way surely 
0.15413907
such

= = acceptibility = = tab_token as bluetooth and cell broadcast recieving capibilities can be turned off on users devices it can be argued that if users have these systems on they are requesting localised information including proximity marketing . tab_token tab_token some go further claiming that there is triple opt in with bluetooth systems : tab_token * firstly the consumer must stand in an appriopriate ' zone ' ; tab_token * secondly they must make their bluetooth handset visible to other devices ; tab_token * thirdly they must accept the transmission . tab_token in the event a consumer accidentally opts-in they simply click ' no ' to deny the transmission and those sending the messages opts them out of the campaign . removed from the article as npov , could go back in if it was rephrased to be balanced with any evidence that people find it spammy - if there's proof people don't find it spammy - we'd need to link to some original research i suppose ?
0.021589743
acceptibility tabtoken as bluetooth and cell broadcast recieving capibilities can eb turned off on users devices it can eb argued that if users have these systems on they are requesting localised information including proximity marketing tabtoken tabtoken some go further claiming that there is triple opt in with bluetooth systems tabtoken firstly the consumer must stand in an appriopriate zone tabtoken secondly they must make their bluetooth handset visible to other devices tabtoken thirdly they must accept the transmission tabtoken in the event a consumer accidentally optsin they simply click no to deny the transmission and those sending the messages opts them out of the campaign removed from the article as npov could go back in if it was rephrased to eb balanced with any evidence that people find it spammy if theres proof people dont find it spammy wed need to link to some original research i suppose 
0.015715366
be

so 3 reverts is allowed but 4 reverts isnt ? am i allowed to edit if its not a revert ?
0.024567232
so 3 reverts si allowed but 4 reverts isnt am i allowed to edit if its not a revert 
0.022530518
is

that is correct . many , even most , of the tibetan buddhist mantras are originally derived from sanskrit , but certainly not all . i think there has been some evidence published by john reynolds that the original language of dzogchen may have been farsi .
0.02334267
that is correct many even most of the tibetan buddhist mantras are originally derived from sanskrit but certainly not all i think there has been some evidence published by john reynolds that the original language of dzogchen may have been fasri 
0.013821482
farsi

