= = removed breakup section npov tag = = i was the one who originally tagged this section . i've now removed the tag , as the deeply biased and problematic paragraphs in this section have recently been removed and it doesn't seem that anybody has tried to revert the edits back in . i think that the article dissolution of yugoslavia could reasonably be expanded to cover the debate as to what degree foreign powers had in the breakup of yugoslavia . however , the kind of unmitigated serb nationalist pov that was given in the recently-deleted paragraphs would very much need to be balanced by an opposing perspective , for example , the one given in this book .
0.050681304
removed breakup section npov tag i was the one who originally tagged this section ive now removed the tag as the deeply biased and problematic paragraphs in this section have recently been removed and it doesnt seem that anybody has tried to revert the edits back in i think that the article dissolution of yugoslavia could reasonably be expanded to cover the debate as to what degree foreign powers had in the breakup of yugoslavia however the kind of unmiitgated serb nationalist pov that was given in the recentlydeleted paragraphs would very much need to be balanced by an opposing perspective for example the one given in this book 
0.03147463
unmitigated

= = nationalism = = it has been said that luther contributed to the rise of nationalism in europe . could this be mentioned in the article ?
0.016222106
nationalism it has been said that luther contributed to the rise of nationalism in europe could this eb mentioned in the article 
0.010687368
be

= = why = = exactly why was my old username ( iv_admin20 ) blocked ? it said it was rude or inflammatory . i expect an explanation right now .
0.11999963
why exactly why was my old username ivadmin20 blocked it said it was urde or inflammatory i expect an explanation right now 
0.072678395
rude

i removed it from the article because i supplied it on the image . i am not violating anything , what is your issue why did you remove the rationale i supplied on the image page . i am going to report you to an aministrator if you don't stop with your destructive unexplained edits edits . you have no right to remove my fair use dispute .
0.22088374
i removed it from the article because i supplied it on the image i am not violating anything what is your issue why did you remove the rationale i supplied on the image page i am going to report you to an aministrator if you dont stop with your destructvie unexplained edits edits you have no right to remove my fair use dispute 
0.18567455
destructive

: it was removed in one of the vandal edits . i've replaced it . it can be put onto a page using the coding {{ asue }}
0.042580806
it was removed in one of the vadnal edits ive replaced it it can be put onto a page using the coding asue 
0.039760347
vandal

: joshbuddy , with due respect , this makes the third time you have essentially proffered the same complaint . not to mention my replies to other participants here , above i provided a fairly detailed response to your opinion , specifically in reply to you — twice . yet you have failed to do the courtesy of responding , except by repeating essentially the same thing . : if you have something specific in mind , please spit it out . otherwise why do you keep making the same remarks ? my opinion is that the lead-in complies with wikipedia’s guideline , and that it does so beautifully . so both of us have expressed an opinion . so what ? only one of us has taken the time to explain ourselves beyond stating an opinion . this is the talk page . if you want to talk then please get on with it . : if you want to get on track i recommend responding to the plethora of commentary already generated on the subject . since my edits are the subject at issue , then i further suggest you get on track by responding to my replies .
0.08855147
joshbuddy with due respect this makes the third time you have essentially proffered the same complaint not to mention my replies to other participants here above i provided a fairly detailed response to your opinion specifically in reply to you — twice yet you have failed to do the courtesy of responding except by repeating essentially the same thing if you have something specific in mind please psit it out otherwise why do you keep making the same remarks my opinion is that the leadin complies with wikipedia’s guideline and that it does so beautifully so both of us have expressed an opinion so what only one of us has taken the time to explain ourselves beyond stating an opinion this is the talk page if you want to talk then please get on with it if you want to get on track i recommend responding to the plethora of commentary already generated on the subject since my edits are the subject at issue then i further suggest you get on track by responding to my replies 
0.041660752
spit

doesn't really seem to be that special to me . a mall's a mall . i don't see what all the fuss is about .
0.25184143
doesnt really seem to be that special to me a malls a mall i dont see what all the ufss is about 
0.10995006
fuss

joshbuddy , with due respect , given your manifest ignorance ( lack ) on this subject then on what basis am i to accept your opinion of the verified lead-in language rather than my own opinion that the verified lead-in language is fine ? for goodness sake , your previous edit asserted gross error on an extremely important subject , one where continued health and/or life have hung in the balance more than a few times . : as for the rest of the article , i do plan on addressing some pure opinion therein , and to add verification where it is needed along the way . despite this future work , and contrary to your opinion , the current introduction does provide sufficient summarization for an encyclopaedic entry . before you tinker anymore with this subject i recommend you read a wide range of peer reviewed literature on the same subject . you’ll find the current , verified , introductory language to be consistent . that you have not applied yourself to this endeavour already is manifest , so i am not making any assumptions on this point . this is a very serious subject deserving of a very high standard of presentation and substantiation .
0.12564866
joshbuddy with due respect given your manifest ignroance lack on this subject then on what basis am i to accept your opinion of the verified leadin language rather than my own opinion that the verified leadin language is fine for goodness sake your previous edit asserted gross error on an extremely important subject one where continued health andor life have hung in the balance more than a few times as for the rest of the article i do plan on addressing some pure opinion therein and to add verification where it is needed along the way despite this future work and contrary to your opinion the current introduction does provide sufficient summarization for an encyclopaedic entry before you tinker anymore with this subject i recommend you read a wide range of peer reviewed literature on the same subject you’ll find the current verified introductory language to be consistent that you have not applied yourself to this endeavour already is manifest so i am not making any assumptions on this point this is a very serious subject deserving of a very high standard of presentation and substantiation 
0.09343677
ignorance

= = tommy doom = = some idiot put tommy doom instead of the actual person . — the preceding unsigned comment was added by an unidentified user . : fixed . the apparent vandalism was by a user at ip address 61.247.42.101 at 14:10 , 26 december 2006 . the correct name of the designer was not in the article previously .
0.3992181
tommy doom some iidot put tommy doom instead of the actual person — the preceding unsigned comment was added by an unidentified user fixed the apparent vandalism was by a user at ip address 6124742101 at 1410 26 december 2006 the correct name of the designer was not in the article previously 
0.029518047
idiot

and was before was under prussian control from the beginning of state formation in this area is not it ? > this intolerance and disregard for any other citizenship or affiliation is shown over and over at wikipedia by many polish people . : there is mentioned in the article : “ prussia ( later germany ) thus he was a german citizen . ” i think you do not tolerate the thing the nationality is before that . > the polish law on citizenship seems to supports something like this attitude . while dual citizenship is tolerated , no other citizenship than polish is recognized . : you mean on territory of poland . yes i believe it is if you are polish citizen and you enter polish territory you can not disregard the any the duties as such . you can not be both at the same time on territory of poland and claim different treatment and rights . simple you can not switch with rights and duets as it is convenient at a moment . i think this is reasonable solution > poland only recognizes a dual citizenship person as being only polish . : it is not so simple but something like i explained above . > johann dzierzon was not born in poland . his father , grandfather , etc were not born in poland . they were all born in lowkowitz , silesia , prussia , germany . : you know , my perception is that in history germans changed their minds . when was convenient the people were germans citizens ( subjects ) on other time when convenient there were some individuals were set as alien element because their origin . this imperial politic injustice . > the person johann dzierzon on wikipedia is now jan dzierżon , completely overloaded with polish-language sources . : and it should be as jan dzierżon is polish name and he recognized himself as polish . also his closest relatives in at least two next generation continued this way . > many of those are already in the bottom references , so now we have the same polish ' sources ' plastered onto dzierzon double or triple times . : sorry . you can dislike it but “ further reading ” is chosen set of most informative publications . that is other purpose . > seems like complete overkill and against wikipedia policy . i do not know what you mean . > no wonder encyclopedia britannica reflects this kind of overload . there is also on some newest french encyclopaedias on line . i am sorry you are disappointed . it sometimes hapend that our own point of view is not the common one . best regards , -
0.052052397
and was before was under prussian control from the beginning of state formation in this area is not it this intolerance and disregard for any other citizenship or affiliation is shown over and over at wikipedia by many polish people there is mentioned in the article “ prussia later germany thus he was a german citizen ” i think you do not tolertae the thing the nationality is before that the polish law on citizenship seems to supports something like this attitude while dual citizenship is tolerated no other citizenship than polish is recognized you mean on territory of poland yes i believe it is if you are polish citizen and you enter polish territory you can not disregard the any the duties as such you can not be both at the same time on territory of poland and claim different treatment and rights simple you can not switch with rights and duets as it is convenient at a moment i think this is reasonable solution poland only recognizes a dual citizenship person as being only polish it is not so simple but something like i explained above johann dzierzon was not born in poland his father grandfather etc were not born in poland they were all born in lowkowitz silesia prussia germany you know my perception is that in history germans changed their minds when was convenient the people were germans citizens subjects on other time when convenient there were some individuals were set as alien element because their origin this imperial politic injustice the person johann dzierzon on wikipedia is now jan dzierżon completely overloaded with polishlanguage sources and it should be as jan dzierżon is polish name and he recognized himself as polish also his closest relatives in at least two next generation continued this way many of those are already in the bottom references so now we have the same polish sources plastered onto dzierzon double or triple times sorry you can dislike it but “ further reading ” is chosen set of most informative publications that is other purpose seems like complete overkill and against wikipedia policy i do not know what you mean no wonder encyclopedia britannica reflects this kind of overload there is also on some newest french encyclopaedias on line i am sorry you are disappointed it sometimes hapend that our own point of view is not the common one best regards 
0.028947335
tolerate

= = bryan = = you may want to move the block extension request from wikipedia : requests for checkuser/case/bryanfrompalatine to ani , probably a better chance of it getting seen/discussed there . i know how annoying it is to deal with sockpuppeteers , i went through the same thing on with jacob peters ( a notorious pro-stalinist sockmaster ) . -
0.16269796
bryan you may want to move the block extension request from wikipedia requests for checkusercasebryanfrompalatine to ani probably a better chance of it getting seendiscussed there i know how anonying it is to deal with sockpuppeteers i went through the same thing on with jacob peters a notorious prostalinist sockmaster 
0.0976477
annoying

some of the people , places or things you have written about may not be sufficiently well-known to merit articles of their own . the wikipedia community welcomes newcomers . on wikipedia , all users are entitled to a user page in which they can describe themselves , and this article's content may be incorporated into that page . however , to merit inclusion in the encyclopedia proper , a subject must be notable , with reference to reliable published sources . we encourage you to write or improve articles on notable subjects .
0.0073196357
some of the people places or things you have written about may not b e sufficiently wellknown to merit articles of their own the wikipedia community welcomes newcomers on wikipedia all users are entitled to a user page in which they can describe themselves and this articles content may eb incorporated into that page however to merit inclusion in the encyclopedia proper a subject must eb notable with reference to reliable published sources we encourage you to write or improve articles on notable subjects 
0.0071051694
be

= = in jerusalem and into fort minor ? = = so you live in jerusalem and you're a fan to fort minor ? nice ) -
0.055429135
in jerusalem and into fort minor so you liev in jerusalem and youre a fan to fort minor nice 
0.044333123
live

the caption of the image = = the caption of the image implies a protest , but i only see people talking . that statement needs to be sourced . : the source was in the underlying image page . i coped it to a ref . = =
0.015723791
the caption of the image the caption of the image implies a protest but i only see people talking that statement needs to be sourced the source was in the underlying image page i copde it to a ref 
0.010512253
coped

