= = image tagging image : pathein . gif = = {| align = center style = background-color : #ffffff ; border : 8px solid #ff0000 ; padding : 5px ; |- | | this media may be deleted . |} thanks for uploading image : pathein . gif . i notice the ' image ' page currently doesn't specify who created the content , so the copyright status is unclear . if you have not created this media yourself then there needs to be an argument why we have the right to use the media on wikipedia ( see copyright tagging below ) . if you have not created the media yourself then it needs to be specified where it was found , i.e. , in most cases link to the website where it was taken from , and the terms of use for content from that page . if the media also doesn't have a copyright tag then one should be added . if you created/took the picture , audio , or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl . if you believe the media qualifies as fair use , consider reading fair use , and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia : image copyright tags #fair_use . see wikipedia : image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use . if you have uploaded other media , consider checking that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them , too . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . if you have any questions please ask them at the image legality questions page . thank you . /
0.01251145
image tagging image pathein gif align center style backgroundcolor ffffff border 8px solid ff0000 padding 5px this media may be deleted thanks for uploading image pathein gif i notice the image page currently doesnt specify who created the content so the copyright status is unclear if you have not created this media yourself then there needs to be an argument why we have the right to use the media on wikipedia ee copyright tagging below if you have not created the media yourself then it needs to be specified where it was found ie in most cases link to the website where it was taken from and the terms of use for content from that page if the media also doesnt have a copyright tag then one should be added if you createdtook the picture audio or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl if you believe the media qualifies as fair use consider reading fair use and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia image copyright tags fairuse see wikipedia image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use if you have uploaded other media consider checking that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them too you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion if you have any questions please ask them at the image legality questions page thank you 
0.012275206
see

= = image copyright problem with image : havencoverissue1 001 . jpg = = thanks for uploading image : havencoverissue1 001 . jpg . however , the image may soon be deleted unless we can determine the copyright holder and copyright status . the wikimedia foundation is very careful about the images included in wikipedia because of copyright law ( see wikipedia's copyright policy ) . the copyright holder is usually the creator , the creator's employer , or the last person who was transferred ownership rights . copyright information on images is signified using copyright templates . the three basic license types on wikipedia are open content , public domain , and fair use . find the appropriate template in wikipedia : image copyright tags and place it on the image page like this : {{ templatename }} . please signify the copyright information on any other images you have uploaded or will upload . remember that images without this important information can be deleted by an administrator . if you have any questions , feel free to contact me , or ask them at the image legality questions page . thank you .
0.006782848
image copyright problem with image havencoverissue1 001 jpg thanks for uploading image havencoverissue1 001 jpg however the image may soon be deleted unless we can determine the copyright holder and copyright status the wikimedia foundation is very careful about the images included in wikipedia because of copyright law see wikipedias copyright policy the copyright holder is usually the creator the creators employer or the last person who was transferred ownership rights copyright information on images is signified using copyright templates the three basic license types on wikipedia are open content public domain and fair use find the appropriate template in wikipedia image copyright tags and place it on the image page like this templatename please signify the copyright information on any other images you have uploaded or will upload remember that images without this important information can be deleted by an adminitsrator if you have any questions feel free to contact me or ask them at the image legality questions page thank you 
0.0052212775
administrator

: i don't understand . what is a vandalism blacklist and why am i on it ? i've never vandalized any pages . the only time i was blocked was for breaking 3rr in an attempt to counter vandalism .
0.18886317
i dont understand what si a vandalism blacklist and why am i on it ive never vandalized any pages the only time i was blocked was for breaking 3rr in an attempt to counter vandalism 
0.16992089
is

thanks for experimenting with the page cuban missile crisis on wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks .
0.010966256
thanks for experimenting with the page cuban missile crisis on wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed plesae use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks 
0.010383757
please

= = criticisms = = that page has no substantiated claims and has unverifiable information which is forbidden to have on wikipedia . no claims have ever been made about starforce having to be removed via formatting the partition it is installed on because it can be removed via the official removal tool .
0.067753054
criticisms that page has no substantiated claims and has nuverifiable information which is forbidden to have on wikipedia no claims have ever been made about starforce having to be removed via formatting the partition it is installed on because it can be removed via the official removal tool 
0.039604425
unverifiable

jsut some information for cultural purposes : where does the word catalán comes from : it is french . it means the inhabitant of the castles or chastlains or castlans ( exactly the same than castilian ) . when the word catalán appears for the first time . in 1115 , mentioned by an italian cronist . when catalonia became really independent ?. by the treaty of corbeil , in 1248 when the french monarchie gave up his rights on the marca hispanica castles . where was the idealised hero of barcelona wifredo el vellosos born in france , in carcassone . was roger of lauria , the great catalonian hero catalán . not at all , he was born in lauria ( italy ) and served the king of aragón . were there kings in cataluña . no , never existed . were there a principado of cataluña ?. no , never . it is a prince of gerona , but never was cataluña a principado . stop trying to be what you are not . you may be proud of some other things , but neither you have ever been a kingdom , not a principado , nor you have had a clasic literature in catalán . catalán is a dialect steaming from latin , exactly the same than castillian , provenzal , italian or valenciano . the difffrence is that , while valenciano had a dictionary ( liber elegantiarum ) , clasic romans ( tirant lo blanch ) , traslations of the bible to valenciano ( bonifacio ferrer ) , etc .. ( all them mentioning black on white that they wrote in valenciano language ) , the catalans had nothing , and this is way the catalans desperately need to try to absorb the valenciano , becuase in catalan there is nothing to show . however , culture is culture , and mixtifications are only for ignorants . jose sanchez
0.09792233
jsut some information for cultural purposes where does the word catalán comes from it is french it means the inhabitant of the castles or chastlains or castlans exactly the same than castilian when the word catalán appears for the first time in 1115 mentioned by an italian cronist when catalonia became really independent by the treaty of corbeil in 1248 when the french monarchie gave up his rights on the marca hispanica castles where was the idealised hero of barcelona wifredo el vellosos born in france in carcassone was roger of lauria the great catalonian hero catalán not at all he was born in lauria italy and served the king of aragón were there kings in cataluña no never existed were there a principado of cataluña no never it is a prince of gerona but never was cataluña a principado stop trying to be what you are not you may be proud of some other things but neither you have ever been a kingdom not a principado nor you have had a clasic literature in catalán catalán is a dialect steaming from latin exactly the same than castillian provenzal italian or valenciano the difffrence is that while valenciano had a dictionary liber elegantiarum clasic romans tirant lo blanch traslations of the bible to valenciano bonifacio ferrer etc all them mentioning black on white that they wrote in valenciano language the catalans had nothing and this is way the catalans desperately need to try to absorb the valenciano becuase in catalan there is nothing to show however culture is culture and mixtifications are only for ingorants jose sanchez 
0.05191676
ignorants

= = matt cutts and the national security agency = = matt cutts had his resume posted at http://www.cs.unc.edu/~cutts in 2002 . i have a copy . it says , january 1992-august 1994 department of defense , 9800 savage road , ft . george g . meade , md 20755-6000 . c o-o perative education student . completed four work tours ( over a year total ) with the national security agency . during my first tour i produced a sizable report on unix security which resulted in a $500 special performance cash award . on other tours i worked on natural language processing tools , telecommunications , and hardware design of an encryption chip . i said on my site that he has a top secret clearance . in 2006 , matt cutts pointed out that his clearance has expired . i changed my references to past tense once i learned of his comment . it remains true that he had a top secret clearance . you don't work on encryption chips at the nsa unless you have a security clearance .
0.012853634
matt cutts and the national security agency matt cutts had his resume posted at httpwwwcsunceducutts in 2002 i have a copy it says january 1992august 1994 department of defense 9800 savgae road ft george g meade md 207556000 c oo perative education student completed four work tours over a year total with the national security agency during my first tour i produced a sizable report on unix security which resulted in a 500 special performance cash award on other tours i worked on natural language processing tools telecommunications and hardware design of an encryption chip i said on my site that he has a top secret clearance in 2006 matt cutts pointed out that his clearance has expired i changed my references to past tense once i learned of his comment it remains true that he had a top secret clearance you dont work on encryption chips at the nsa unless you have a security clearance 
0.0072501404
savage

i think your attitudes are that of intentional naivety according to ignoratio elenchi . i'm upset because this is more or less the second time within a couple of hours i've dealt with it .
0.1271452
i think your attitudes are that of intentional naievty according to ignoratio elenchi im upset because this is more or less the second time within a couple of hours ive dealt with it 
0.08319316
naivety

= = you are wrong = = you are wrong in my opposition to joturner's rfa . i do not oppose him because he believes something i do not , as you incorrectly stated , i oppose him because of the fear i have that , based on his zealous userpage regarding his religion , that he will not be able to maintain a npov . i am catholic , pretty devout , and i would oppose a fellow catholic if he/she too was overzealous in their pov . that said , i have the right as a sentinent life form to have my own opinion and that is something that the liberal left and the conservative right can never take away from me , so don't even try .
0.18131551
you are wrong you are wrong in my opposition to joturners rfa i do not oppose him because he believes something i do not as you incorrectly stated i oppose him because of the fear i have that based on his zealosu userpage regarding his religion that he will not be able to maintain a npov i am catholic pretty devout and i would oppose a fellow catholic if heshe too was overzealous in their pov that said i have the right as a sentinent life form to have my own opinion and that is something that the liberal left and the conservative right can never take away from me so dont even try 
0.1414405
zealous

= = the gay guy = = i know you . wuzzup ? i like sadomasochism . gimme more !
0.53959405
the gya guy i know you wuzzup i like sadomasochism gimme more 
0.27616903
gay

= = mar 2006 = = it might not have been your intent , but you recently removed content from giant panda . please be careful not to remove content from wikipedia without a valid reason , which you should specify in the edit summary or on the article's talk page . thank you .
0.023899741
mar 2006 it might not have been your intent but you recently removed content from giant panda please eb careful not to remove content from wikipedia without a valid reason which you should specify in the edit summary or on the articles talk page thank you 
0.017549634
be

: you seem to think that references to canon star trek are somehow unreal and irrelevant . arugably , the entire article is ' lingualbabble ' : this is a constructed language , based on the star trek fictional universe : thus , the reference – and an apt , verifiable one at that – is completely appropriate . this conforms to both general wikipedia guidelines and those of the wp star trek wikiproject . this reference is no less germane than ( in the same section ) individuals who have been reared in the language and the flotsam of other refs throughout the article . alternatively , the notations can be placed in phonology or in a tweaked intro . however , until compelled otherwise , there is absolutely no reason why this reference shouldn't remain and will . adapt . | |
0.04436852
you seem to think that references to canon star trek are somehow unreal and irrelevant arugably the entire article is lingualbabble this is a constructed language based on the star trek fictional universe thus the reference – and an apt verifiable one at that – is completely appropriate this conforms to both general wikipedia guidelines and those of the wp star trek wikiproject this reference is no less germane than in the same section individuals who have been reraed in the language and the flotsam of other refs throughout the article alternatively the notations can be placed in phonology or in a tweaked intro however until compelled otherwise there is absolutely no reason why this reference shouldnt remain and will adapt 
0.028695373
reared

# peter's job situation # peter and the giant chicken ( two episodes so far and a third bout has been promised ) # lois's wealthy pewterschmidt background # chris's interest in drawing , painting # the evil monkey in chris's closet # the old pervert who's interested in chris # meg does her bird calls ( just two episodes , but still ) # stewie's brother bertram # brian went to brown # brian's feelings for lois # peter rolled up the window in the general lee and brian got smacked up on it # stewie teases brian about his novel # the browns ' divorce # quagmire's job as a pilot # joe had his accident at christmastime # the medical barbershop quartet # goldman's pharmacy was established in 1983 = = name origin = = does anyone know the origin of the name peter griffin ? = = qoutes = = some of the quotes need checking . * there are different versions on the web , but some of them are only found in this article , which makes me think they are too different from the original . * some of the quotes ( such as i am out of shape ) aren't really notable without context .
0.12281789
peters job situation peter and the giant chicken two episodes so far and a third bout has been promised loiss wealthy pewterschmidt background chriss interest in drawing painting the evil monkey in chriss closet the old pevrert whos interested in chris meg does her bird calls just two episodes but still stewies brother bertram brian went to brown brians feelings for lois peter rolled up the window in the general lee and brian got smacked up on it stewie teases brian about his novel the browns divorce quagmires job as a pilot joe had his accident at christmastime the medical barbershop quartet goldmans pharmacy was established in 1983 name origin does anyone know the origin of the name peter griffin qoutes some of the quotes need checking there are different versions on the web but some of them are only found in this article which makes me think they are too different from the original some of the quotes such as i am out of shape arent really notable without context 
0.061823543
pervert

it's no problem at all . newcomers are always welcome here , and on that note let me officially welcome you : welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are a few good links for newcomers : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . again , welcome !
0.011098202
its no problem at all newcomers a r e always welcome here and on that note let me officially welcome you welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here rae a few good links for newcomers the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions again welcome 
0.0077382843
are

