september 2005 ( utc ) one of the great things about bayesian stats is that you can do things directly rather than indirectly , as in frequentist stats . for example , in frequentist stats you can't attach a probability to a hypothesis , so you can't talk about the probability of the hypothesis given the data . instead , you have to mess around with the probability of the data given the hypothesis , which is not really what you want . bayesian hypothesis testing is thus very simple in principle ( though the sums may get hard in practice ) . you attach a prior probability to the hypothesis , multiply by the likelihood and divide by the probability of he evidence to normalise it . the point i was making was that probabilities of zero and one make poor choices as priors . ( i am not saying that bayesian stats generally has a problem with zero and one as probabilities , just when they are used as priors . ) your mention of linear models and so on suggests that you are thinking in terms of bayesian methods of parameter estimation , whereas i was thinking in terms of bayesian hypothesis testing . 15:28 , 20
0.025758065
september 2005 utc one of the great things about bayesian stats is that you can do things directly rather than indirectly as in frequentist stats for example in frequentist stats you cant attach a probability to a hypothesis so you cant talk about the probability of the hypothesis given the data instead you have to mses around with the probability of the data given the hypothesis which is not really what you want bayesian hypothesis testing is thus very simple in principle though the sums may get hard in practice you attach a prior probability to the hypothesis multiply by the likelihood and divide by the probability of he evidence to normalise it the point i was making was that probabilities of zero and one make poor choices as priors i am not saying that bayesian stats generally has a problem with zero and one as probabilities just when they are used as priors your mention of linear models and so on suggests that you are thinking in terms of bayesian methods of parameter estimation whereas i was thinking in terms of bayesian hypothesis testing 1528 20 
0.018562445
mess

: no kidding . i just came here to check an incoming link . ow . i like your ideas and will have a go at following them as soon as i have sorted that incoming link out .
0.041385032
no kididng i just came here to check an incoming link ow i like your ideas and will have a go at following them as soon as i have sorted that incoming link out 
0.036959197
kidding

as i mentioned it to you before , you have to read all those posts more carefully . the thing you say here are the same ones that you sayed then , and had no worth , as you were mistaking by not having read the provided data thoroughly . you need to do that now in order to see what you failed to se then . it is very clear in fact , i saw it the first time i read it , but it can be that you had a proove-me-right set of glasses then . now you have the possibility to see what you failed to see so long ago , so please seize to the occasion , and read it one more time . i am confident that you are able to see it through now . -
0.064063534
as i mentioned it to you before you have to read all those posts more carefully the thing you say here are the same ones that you sayed then and had no worth as you were mistaking by not having read the provided data thoroughly you need to do that now in order to see what you faired to se then it is very clear in fact i saw it the first time i read it but it can be that you had a proovemeright set of glasses then now you have the possibility to see what you falied to see so long ago so please seize to the occasion and read it one more time i am confident that you are able to see it through now 
0.061926432
failed

, 22 september 2005 ( utc ) :: you shall not bear false witness against your neighbor . 13:42
0.10755077
22 september 2005 utc you shall not bear flase witness against your neighbor 1342 
0.05249884
false

= = your vote on davien crow = = * you said they are not notable . please review the rebuttle i posted , the fact that everyone from marilyn manson to suicide girls and large internet sites like roc detector and megametalonline and more importantly smnnews should be proof enough are involved with davien crow and his band sin star should be enough ... but i have covered most of this already . i am asking you kindly to please review the facts and consider changing your vote to keep the article . * look the point summarized is i am willing to work with you guys on why these were deleted but until now noone has given us any feedback and has even lied about stuff trying to get it deleted . all 3 of them meet the sufficient amount of requirements for wp : music , the guidelines in wp : criteria_for_inclusion_of_biographies , wikipedia : importance , wikipedia : notability ( the fact that suicide girls , gidget gein , and marilyn manson are involved and can be verified in those links should proove that ) , wikipedia : fame_and_importance mainly the part stating there is clear proof that a reasonable number of people are or were concurrently interested in the subject ( eg . it is at least well-known in a community ) if you can't tell the community of myspace.com and livejournal.com alone are enough to meet this criterea you are blind . if you do google searches , go to forums and search their names , or visit internet archives you can find un-disputable information on the band from reputable sources , first hand accounts that are years older than these discussions , and intangible archives kept by internet archives . if you want more detail read my above rant , your right i do sound mad about this , because i can't see how you can say they do not meet criterea or that this is a vanity page . please accept my apologies for anything you have taken to be rude and please re-consider changing your vote . what harm could it do ? btw i am not trying to bully anyone , i can show you the location of the people threatening to come here and vandalize the hell out of wikipedia . but i do not want that to be part of your decision at all . ( please reference the large rebuttle on the discussion page itself ) i have posted this , i hope that some of you will consider looking for my information and reconsider your vote for now . a lot of people are simply responding to the rudeness of user : sin-thetik and some things i said are being misconstrude as threats . i am simply upset because of all the time it took to write these 3 articles , knowing they fit the guidelines , only to have somone delete them with the proof and verifiable facts right in front of them .. just their un-willingness to read them . please think it over , i appreciate your time . i'm just a fan girl trying to be the first to get an article up about them since i have been running a fan site about them for almost 2 years now . please think it over
0.16388628
your vote on davien crow you said they are not notable please review the rebuttle i posted the fact that everyone from marilyn manson to suicie girls and large internet sites like roc detector and megametalonline and more importantly smnnews should be proof enough are involved with davien crow and his band sin star should be enough but i have covered most of this already i am asking you kindly to please review the facts and consider changing your vote to keep the article look the point summarized is i am willing to work with you guys on why these were deleted but until now noone has given us any feedback and has even lied about stuff trying to get it deleted all 3 of them meet the sufficient amount of requirements for wp music the guidelines in wp criteriaforinclusionofbiographies wikipedia importance wikipedia notability the fact that suiicde girls gidget gein and marilyn manson are involved and can be verified in those links should proove that wikipedia fameandimportance mainly the part stating there is clear proof that a reasonable number of people are or were concurrently interested in the subject eg it is at least wellknown in a community if you cant tell the community of myspacecom and livejournalcom alone are enough to meet this criterea you are blind if you do google searches go to forums and search their names or visit internet archives you can find undisputable information on the band from reputable sources first hand accounts that are years older than these discussions and intangible archives kept by internet archives if you want more detail read my above rant your right i do sound mad about this because i cant see how you can say they do not meet criterea or that this is a vanity page please accept my apologies for anything you have taken to be rude and please reconsider changing your vote what harm could it do btw i am not trying to bully anyone i can show you the location of the people threatening to come here and vandalize the hell out of wikipedia but i do not want that to be part of your decision at all please reference the large rebuttle on the discussion page itself i have posted this i hope that some of you will consider looking for my information and reconsider your vote for now a lot of people are simply responding to the rudeness of user sinthetik and some things i said are being misconstrude as threats i am simply upset because of all the time it took to write these 3 articles knowing they fit the guidelines only to have somone delete them with the proof and verifiable facts right in front of them just their unwillingness to read them please think it over i appreciate your time im just a fan girl trying to be the first to get an article up about them since i have been running a fan site about them for almost 2 years now please think it over 
0.115078315
suicide

you must forgive my laggard pace , splash ; been up to my ears . will join discussion soon . regards —
0.037278958
you must forgive my laggard pace splash been up to my aers will join discussion soon regards — 
0.033766747
ears

* {| style = font-size : 95% ; class = toccolours | welcome ! hello , , i'm and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are a few good links for newcomers : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style * picture tutorial i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date , and use edit summaries whenever you change a page . if you have any questions , need help or assistance , check out wikipedia : ask a question or contact me on . again , welcome ! enjoy wikipedia !! |} (|
0.010578237
style fontsize 95 class toccolours welcome hello im and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here rae a few good links for newcomers the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style picture tutorial i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date and use edit summaries whenever you change a page if you have any questions need help or assistance check out wikipedia ask a question or contact me on again welcome enjoy wikipedia 
0.0074338666
are

= = hellogoodbye = = does this group fit the wp : music guidelines ? you seem to be pretty active in this area , so i thought i'd check with you .
0.08083722
hellogoodbye does this group fit the wp music guidelines you seem to eb pretty active in this area so i thought id check with you 
0.04970802
be

::: speaking of maps , should the mapping contest for hl2 dm be mentioned ?
0.011982063
speaking of maps should the mapping contest for hl2 dm eb mentioned 
0.010858748
be

i dedicate this article my several apostle's who do so enjoy following their god around the wiki ! do you have any elves i can mash
0.23550084
i dedicate this article my several apostles who do so enjoy following their god around the wiki do you have any elves i can mahs 
0.17098983
mash

: thanks for your comments to the scoring system . it was , if you can see , for the first 2 rounds , the first person who gets the correct answer received a times-infinity bonus because all others are given 0 points . my work with the current scoring system is to encourage people to keep answering after somebody has got correct , and as the same time keep the privilege of the first correct-getter . as you can see , owing to this new scoring system , the amount of answer-scripts have risen dramatically . i wonder if the 1-extra-point system will bring any negative effect to the future competitions . it is because each question carries different amount of points , and the first-answer will lose his or her advantage . instead , i suggest that a multiplier is to be kept instead of replacing it with an addition . : also , to encourage more replies , i've also given bonus multipliers to the second and third persons who get the correct answer . so what i think after hearing your opinion is , to keep the multiplying system , but the multiplier may be reduced from * 4 , * 2 , * 1.5 to something like * 2 , * 1.5 , * 1.2 ( something greater than 1 but not greater than 1.5 ) . hope to see your feedback at my talk page ( click the capital letter c in my signature will do ^_^ )
0.020136243
thanks for your comments to the scoring system it was if you can see for the first 2 rounds the first person who gets the correct answer received a timesinfinity bonus because all others are given 0 points my work with the current scoring system is to encourage people to keep answering after somebody has got correct and as the same time keep the privilege of the first correctgetter as you can see owing to this new scoring system the amount of answerscripts have risen dramatically i wonder if the 1extrapoint system will bring any negatvie effect to the future competitions it is because each question carries different amount of points and the firstanswer will lose his or her advantage instead i suggest that a multiplier is to be kept instead of replacing it with an addition also to encourage more replies ive also given bonus multipliers to the second and third persons who get the correct answer so what i think after hearing your opinion is to keep the multiplying system but the multiplier may be reduced from 4 2 15 to something like 2 15 12 something greater than 1 but not greater than 15 hope to see your feedback at my talk page click the capital letter c in my signature will do 
0.0148259085
negative

= = quotes = = i removed the quotes section one of them was already placed in its proper context earlier in the article and the other one was just intended to be nasty . it's really not fair to cherry pick quotes designed to make the man look like a monster ; there's just no way to have an npov quotes section . it's best left to wikiquote . ·
0.12862349
quotes i removed the quotes section one of them was already placed in its proper context earlier in the article and the other one was just intended to be nasyt its really not fair to cherry pick quotes designed to make the man look like a monster theres just no way to have an npov quotes section its best left to wikiquote · 
0.05072257
nasty

