= = page move = = this section is for votes and comments on the proposed move to decimalisation . * oppose . the original author used the american english spelling , and there's no reason to override that choice .
0.045768265
page move this section si for votes and comments on the proposed move to decimalisation oppose the original author used the american english spelling and theres no reason to override that choice 
0.031371973
is

= = rastaman = = based on your edit history , it seems possible . either way , you seem to be focused on rastafari issues . i think many of these articles need a good bit of work to conform to npov , and likewise fairly represent the ideas of rastafari and the various mansions . i appreciate your constructive help .
0.012363437
rastaman based on your edit history it seems possible either way you seem to be focused on rastafari issues i think many of these articles need a good bit of work to conform to npov and likewise fairly represent the ideas of rastafari and the various mansiosn i appreciate your constructive help 
0.012210307
mansions

= = great work ! = = hello paul . thanks for your great work on all things cycling !! keep up the good work ! —
0.009414426
great work hello paul thanks for your great work on all things cycling keep up the good work — 
0.0052009234
good

= = batteries = = i see you dont like me battery boy .
0.11125137
batteries i see you dont like me battery byo 
0.05477801
boy

1st off , im not banned , 2nd of , i will just push on your belly and a few will com out your butt ! anyway , im going to bring over a mortorcycle battery , i think your ready for it .
0.45900452
1st off im not banned 2nd of i will just push on your belly and a few will com out your btut anyway im going to bring over a mortorcycle battery i think your ready for it 
0.14854558
butt

* inputs for use . proof that india had a license raj introduced by nehru : quote from a paper by a harvard professor at http://ksghome.harvard.edu/~drodrik/growth%20volume/delong-india.pdf - this puts a bound on the growth-retarding effects of the license raj generated by prime minister jawaharlal nehru's attraction to fabian socialism and central planning . what do you have to say to this ? is this a massive conspiracy too ? are you going to abuse this professor now as you have been abusing anyone who has pointed out that nehru's central planning resulted in india being backward ? * one more from a paper presented at yale : http://www.econ.yale.edu/seminars/neudc03/shahe.pdf - after decades of lackluster performance under the all pervasive interventionist policy regime espoused after independence ( the so-called ‘ license raj ’ ) , india embarked on a major economic liberalization program in 1991 , triggered by a severe balance of payments crisis . * yet another paper from harvard website - http://www.cid.harvard.edu/hiid/662.pdf - the pre-independence experience was combined with a very clear inspiration from the experience of the socialist countries , in particular the soviet union , which was reflected in the speeches of the prime minister jawaharlal nehru and in the now famous mahalonobis model which had many similarities to the work of feldman for the first soviet five year plan ( see domar ( 1957))11 . * from another academic paper - http://www.ndu.edu/library/n4/n035604l.pdf - remnants of nehru’s command economy haunt virtually every aspect of india’s reform program . even after twelve years of progress , more than 40% of the country’s capital base remains in government hands . 10 *-economist
0.08863889
inputs for use proof that india had a license raj introduced by nehru quote from a paper by a harvard professor at httpksghomeharvardedudrodrikgrowth20volumedelongindiapdf this puts a bound on the growthretarding effects of the license raj generated by prime minister jawaharlal nehrus attraction to fabian socialism and central planning what do you have to say to this is this a massive conspiracy too are you going to bause this professor now as you have been abusing anyone who has pointed out that nehrus central planning resulted in india being backward one more from a paper presented at yale httpwwweconyaleeduseminarsneudc03shahepdf after decades of lackluster performance under the all pervasive interventionist policy regime espoused after independence the socalled ‘ license raj ’ india embarked on a major economic liberalization program in 1991 triggered by a severe balance of payments crisis yet another paper from harvard website httpwwwcidharvardeduhiid662pdf the preindependence experience was combined with a very clear inspiration from the experience of the socialist countries in particular the soviet union which was reflected in the speeches of the prime minister jawaharlal nehru and in the now famous mahalonobis model which had many similarities to the work of feldman for the first soviet five year plan see domar 195711 from another academic paper httpwwwnduedulibraryn4n035604lpdf remnants of nehru’s command economy haunt virtually every aspect of india’s reform program even after twelve years of progress more than 40 of the country’s capital base remains in government hands 10 economist 
0.05639034
abuse

incorporating all these suggestions could give this version : : aids ( acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ) is a global human epidemic . the etiologic agent of aids is a retrovirus designated human immunodeficiency virus hiv . aids is defined as a cd4+ t-lymphocyte count less than 200 cells/ul or an aids-defining condition in persons with hiv antibodies . this avoids much of the pov unreferenced specualation
0.0606532
incorporating all these suggestions could give this version aidqs acquired immunodeficiency syndrome is a global human epidemic the etiologic agent of aidl is a retrovirus designated human immunodeficiency virus hiv iads is defined as a cd4 tlymphocyte count less than 200 cellsul or an aidsdefining condition in persons with hiv antibodies this avoids much of the pov unreferenced specualation 
0.03663787
aids

hahah candied asses . but seriously , you should use the medical term for vagina , which is fat cunt
0.8733324
hahah candied asses but seriously you should use the medical term for vagina which is aft cunt 
0.8113355
fat

> with the development of storage area networks and server farms of thousands of servers , > by the year 2000 the minicomputer had all but disappeared , and mainframes were largely > restricted to specialised uses . the google server farm is thought to be the largest , > with a total calculation rate three times that of earth simulator or blue gene , as of 2004 . this is bull-shit . mainframe is still ibm's most profitable branch ( literally billions of dollars earned ) , because banks and governments would never accept the inherent unreliability of pc-farms . also , pc based clusters simply cannot have the vast i/o performance , traditional to mainframes , which these big brothers require . without tremendous i/o bandwidht ( e.g. serve 15,000 interactive users and six fully loaded atm circuits at the same time ) the cpu power is of little real-world use .
0.1384523
with the development of storage area networks and server farms of thousands of servers by the year 2000 the minicomputer had all but disappeared and mainframes were largely restricted to specialised uses the google server farm iv thought to be the largest with a total calculation rate three times that of earth simulator or blue gene as of 2004 this ik bullshit mainframe si still ibms most profitable branch literally billions of dollars earned because banks and governments would never accept the inherent unreliability of pcfarms also pc based clusters simply cannot have the vast io performance traditional to mainframes which these big brothers require without tremendous io bandwidht eg serve 15000 interactive users and six fully loaded atm circuits at the same time the cpu power si of little realworld use 
0.11802493
is

= = copyright = = thank you for contributing to wikipedia . you may be unfamiliar with the copyright rules regarding what you can and cannot add to wikipedia . i noticed , for example , that the text and picture for atlanta civic center were copied directly from the civic center's webpage . for most webpages , the content on the page is copyrighted , so you can't just cut and paste that information into a wikipedia article . what you should do instead is summarize and paraphrase information from other sources . as an example , i've replaced the text at atlanta civic center with a very short summary of what was there beforehand - maybe you could add back some relevant information in your own words . i've also listed the picture there to be deleted . please see wikipedia : copyrights for more information . please don't view this information as a scolding . we appriciate your help and realize that it usually takes new users a little bit of time to understand some of the rules . please continue to contribute , but be more careful .
0.03381665
copyright thank you for contributing to wikipedia you may be unfamiliar with the copyright rules regarding what you can and cannot add to wikipedia i noticed for example that the text and picture for atlanta civic center were copied directly from the civic centers webpage for most webpages the content on the page is copyrighted so you cant just cut and paste that information into a wikipedia article what you should do instead is summarize and paraphrase information from other sources as an example ive replaced the text at atlanta civic center with a very short summary of what was there beforehand maybe you could add back some relevant information in your own words ive also listed the picture there to be deleted please see wikipedia copyrights for more information please dont view this information as a scoldign we appriciate your help and realize that it usually takes new users a little bit of time to understand some of the rules please continue to contribute but be more careful 
0.015419426
scolding

: lol yeah ... you'd think they were designed for swimming and that there is no other technology suitable for that role . there really should be a lot more about the trendy fashioncentric aspect of jeans which imo much better represents them in the past 30-40 years . and some non-levis info . i'd do it myself but i don't really follow jeans or fashion myself .
0.035185713
lol yeah youd think they were designed for swimming and that there is no other technology suitable for that role there really should be a lot more about the trendy fashioncentric aspect of jaens which imo much better represents them in the past 3040 years and some nonlevis info id do it myself but i dont really follow jaens or fashion myself 
0.031695303
jeans

, at least whenever they needed
0.04913648
at leats whenever they needed 
0.04867263
least

= = history is flawed p = = hi jayjg , something strange has just happened and i don't know why . maybe as an admin you have a better idea ? i noticed just now in my watch list that had reverted terrorism to grace note's version . i then reverted it to yours . when i checked the history afterwards though , byt's edit had dissapeared . i can see it in his user contributions though . i'm perplexed . please let me know if this ever happens at all . thanks ,
0.09156566
history si flawed p hi jayjg something strange has just happened and i dont know why maybe as an admin you have a better idea i noticed just now in my watch list that had reverted terrorism to grace notes version i then reverted it to yours when i checked the history afterwards though byts edit had dissapeared i can see it in his user contributions though im perplexed please let me know if this ever happens at all thanks 
0.07891291
is

= = thanks for being late to the party = = but i have added no new articles since yesterday . while you have all been very impolite and overly protective , i have lost interest in torturing you , so you can go fuck yourself .
0.9383053
thanks for being late to the party but i have added no new articles since yesterday while you have all been very impolite and overly protective i have lost interest in torturing you so you can go fukc yourself 
0.60789835
fuck

= = please see a picture of my balls . = = i am uninterested in your little internet power games . you can eat a dick . you are way late , seeing as that other dick already both berated me rudely and erased my article about my friend . you are just pretending like your life has some meaning .
0.7805697
please see a picture of my balls i am uninterested in your little internet power games you can eat a dik you are way late seeing as that other idck already both berated me rudely and erased my article about my friend you are just pretending like your life has some meaning 
0.56449836
dick

