welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are some pages that you might find helpful : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . again , welcome ! / = = joyful noise band = = a tag has been placed on joyful noise band , requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia . this has been done because the article seems to be about a person , group of people , band , club , company , or web content , but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable ( see the guidelines for notability here ) . if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable , you may contest the tagging . to do this , please write on the top of the page and leave a note on the article's talk page explaining your position . please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself . please read the criteria for speedy deletion ( specifically , articles #7 ) and our general biography criteria . feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this . /
0.008146148
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here are some pages that you might find helpful the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions again welcome joyful noise band a tag has been placed on joyful noise band requesting that it be speedily deletde from wikipedia this has been done because the article seems to be about a person group of people band club company or web content but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable see the guidelines for notability here if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable you may contest the tagging to do this please write on the top of the page and leave a note on the articles talk page explaining your position please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself please read the criteria for speedy deletion specifically articles 7 and our general biography criteria feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this 
0.006733317
deleted

please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.058268562
please stop if you continue to vandalzie pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.056331605
vandalize

mark , i am sorry for your desperation ( i'll refrain from skepticism ) , but it is both misguided and misplaced . the issue is far wider than a dialog with pro-moldovan interests . it is a a dialog with russo-skeptic interests — and since mauco has branded me a partisan , i'll identify that as my partisanship . i do not see this as an ethnic struggle for self-determination of ukranians and russians from moldovans . i see it as a naked russian power play ( and not the only such one currently ) to gain economic advantage and energy advantage it can use as a lever and territorial buffer advantage against nato expansion . regarding the will of the people and dancing with joy in the streets , no impartial observer — and certainly no russo-skeptic — will regard those as true expressions until such time as , minimally : * the authorities , from the top to the bottom , are replaced with transnistrian natives , not populated by russian citizens including omon thugs who transplanted to transnistria once their attempts at thwarting true democracy in the baltics by violent and deadly means failed , and * russia ( and ukranian ) forces completely vacate the transnistrian territory , that is all arms , all troops , and raze all arms depots to the ground . when that happens , and people then dance in the streets , then i will be prepared to initiate a discussion with you about that expression being genuine . you keep talking about the parliament's opposition to smirnov . as a russo-skeptic , i will tell you that my interpretation is not popular representation in action , my interpretation is a bunch of initially hastily organized parties which all suddenly appeared right before some elections which are now engaged with the leadership — which has not changed since its inception — in a carefully orchestrated ballet intended to present a fully believable facsimile of representative government . we can seriously discuss the will of the people : #after every russian in the pmr authorities is out ( as in out , and out of the country ); #after the foreign troops are all out ( as in out of the country , and their arms depots demolished)and i don't mean russian military retiring to become citizens of the pmr , either ; #after it is legal for a political party to be pro-moldovan ( that currently being treason ); and #after romanian is once again taught in its proper latin script , not in some cyrillic soviet-era utter bastardization created purely to support the stalinist fiction that moldovans are not romanians . then we can seriously discuss the validity of your interpretation . i have the patience to wait for that discussion , do you ? if the russo-skeptics disagree with anything i've represented , please feel free to correct . —
0.11383393
mark i am sorry for your desperation ill refrain from skepticism but it is both misguided and misplaced the issue is far wider than a dialog with promoldovan interests it is a a dialog with russoskeptic interests — and since mauco has branded me a partisan ill identify that as my partisanship i do not see this as an ethnic struggle for selfdetermination of ukranians and russians from moldovans i see it as a naekd russian power play and not the only such one currently to gain economic advantage and energy advantage it can use as a lever and territorial buffer advantage against nato expansion regarding the will of the people and dancing with joy in the streets no impartial observer — and certainly no russoskeptic — will regard those as true expressions until such time as minimally the authorities from the top to the bottom are replaced with transnistrian natives not populated by russian citizens including omon thugs who transplanted to transnistria once their attempts at thwarting true democracy in the baltics by violent and deadly means failed and russia and ukranian forces completely vacate the transnistrian territory that is all arms all troops and raze all arms depots to the ground when that happens and people then dance in the streets then i will be prepared to initiate a discussion with you about that expression being genuine you keep talking about the parliaments opposition to smirnov as a russoskeptic i will tell you that my interpretation is not popular representation in action my interpretation is a bunch of initially hastily organized parties which all suddenly appeared right before some elections which are now engaged with the leadership — which has not changed since its inception — in a carefully orchestrated ballet intended to present a fully believable facsimile of representative government we can seriously discuss the will of the people after every russian in the pmr authorities is out as in out and out of the country after the foreign troops are all out as in out of the country and their arms depots demolishedand i dont mean russian military retiring to become citizens of the pmr either after it is legal for a political party to be promoldovan that currently being treason and after romanian is once again taught in its proper latin script not in some cyrillic sovietera utter bastardization created purely to support the stalinist fiction that moldovans are not romanians then we can seriously discuss the validity of your interpretation i have the patience to wait for that discussion do you if the russoskeptics disagree with anything ive represented please feel free to correct — 
0.108879305
naked

oppenheimer = = hi i'm currently reading ppenheimer's book . it's excellent , he has a comprehensive iblyography and notes , and uses previously published peer reviewed scientific papers . it has a very comprehensive feel to it . i haven't read sykes book yet , but looking at the appendices and index it doesn't have the sort of comprehensive or academic feel of oppenheimer's work . still we can cite both and i suspect there will be many areas of agreement . all the best . oppenheimer certainly argues strongly for the iberian origin of most people from the british isles , though he mentions a paleolithic contribution from the balkan refuge to england . = =
0.008524964
oppenheimer hi im currently reading ppenheimers book its excellent he has a comprehensive iblyography and notes and uses previously published peer reviewed scientific papers it has a very comprehensive feel to it i havent read sykes book yet but looking at the appendices and index it doesnt have the sort of comprehensive or academic feel of oppenheimers work still we can cite both and i suspect there will eb many areas of agreement all the best oppenheimer certainly argues strongly for the iberian origin of most people from the british isles though he mentions a paleolithic contribution from the balkan refuge to england 
0.006034137
be

: this is a lie , i have nothing to do with that user . you are more than welcome to use the ip-detector to prove me correct . that is a pa against me .
0.21417807
this is a ile i have nothing to do with that user you are more than welcome to use the ipdetector to prove me correct that is a pa against me 
0.122548334
lie

aditionally , i think you should check this map , from a previously sourced paper , where it does make a rather conclusive division between neolithic ( near eastern ) and paleolithic ( basque ) ancestry . it's probably better than going around cavalli-sforza's maps , as it is a much more modern paper . you want to play with geneaologies ... like the jewish skinhead of the bbc article , you may get burnt .
0.16070598
aditionally i think you should check this map from a previously sourced paper where it does make a rather conclusive division between neolithic near eastern and paleolithic basque ancestry its probably better than going around cavallisforzas maps as it is a much more modern paper you want to play with geneaologies like the jewish skinhead of the bbc article you may get burtn 
0.073611535
burnt

= = just chat up commie = = now listen here . there is no reason for you or any body elce to remove my suggestion for deletion of the article about fight dem back .
0.2647489
just chat up cmomie now listen here there is no reason for you or any body elce to remove my suggestion for deletion of the article about fight dem back 
0.15073194
commie

= = cleanup = = i did another big cleanup . removed personal commentary and rumours and added citations . rewrote a lot of it to make a more formal style and remove emotive language . this is my first attempt at doing this so i hope its ok . if so , how do i get the warnings etc off the page ???
0.06651543
cleanup i did another big cleanup removed personal commentary and rumours and added citations rewrote a lot of it to make a more formal style and remove emotive language this is my first attempt at doing this so i hope its ok if so how do i get the warinngs etc off the page 
0.047719162
warnings

= = latest socket ? = = socket t , also known as lga 775 , is intel's latest desktop cpu socket - this statement should be changed to something that will hold true over time . already i believe socket m is newer .
0.019448262
latest socket socket t also known as lga 775 s intels latest desktop cpu socket this statement should be changed to something that will hold true over time already i believe socket m si newer 
0.016223833
is

