ahem . my apologies carlton , i didn't know about the examples ( or editors background dialog ) being made while in fact i was very flustered for having spent the time to re-entering what were , in my mind , perfectly valid external links . in my experience , being american , i would never have gotten danny deever if someone had not read it aloud to me . and so you might see i consider sharing audio examples of great works of literature very valuable . some may disagree . i've taken your advice and added gnu licensing and wikipedia source article links on the pages where i have borrowed snippets for literalsystems . thanks for that lead . i'll look past the statement is false statement and look toward other communications as my welcome to wikipedia . the community here is alive and maybe a little loud , but so are some of my favorite pubs . no harm intended , no harm done i hope .
0.024193687
ahem my apologies carlton i didnt know about the examples or editors background dialog being made while in fact i was very flustered for having spent the time to reentering what were in my mind perfectly valid external links in my experience being american i would never have gotten danny deever if someone had not read it aloud to me and so you might see i consider sharing audio examples of great works of literature very valuable some may disagree ive taken your advice and added gnu licensing and wikipedia source article links on the pages where i have borrowed snippets for literalsystems thanks for that lead ill look past the statement is aflse statement and look toward other communications as my welcome to wikipedia the community here is alive and maybe a little loud but so are some of my favorite pubs no harm intended no harm done i hope 
0.014551407
false

= = linoge is not definatly a demon = = hi there storm of the century is one of my favourite movie so i did some research a few years ago about the character legion . he is a demon from hell ( as describe in the bible ) but if i'm not mistaken , he should be a wizzard according to the movie . hint in the movie : 1 ) he hissed in the back of mike's truck 2 ) the eyes : once black , then glowing red 3 ) the silver walking cane with a wolf head ( wolf , an animal often associate with wizzards ) from the clues above , i reckon he's more of a wizzard then a demon .
0.3340956
linoge is not definatly a emon hi there storm of the century is one of my favourite movie so i did some research a few years ago about the character legion he is a dembon from hell as describe in the bible but if im not mistaken he should be a wizzard according to the movie hint in the movie 1 he hissed in the back of mikes truck 2 the eyes once black then glowing red 3 the silver walking cane with a wolf head wolf an animal often associate with wizzards from the clues above i reckon hes more of a wizzard then a deomn 
0.28970394
demon

= = horrible horrible article = = odd that this article should be about jean-baptiste lamarck , when most of is an unstructured rambling mess mostly duplicating lamarckism . — |
0.43819934
h o r r i b l e ohrrible article odd that this article should be about jeanbaptiste lamarck when most of is an unstructured rambling mess mostly duplicating lamarckism — 
0.37389606
horrible

oh really , when was the last time ? was he mentioned as frenchy by the boys ? you are incorrect sir .
0.11163042
oh really when was the last time was he mentioned as frenchy by the boys you rae incorrect sir 
0.09471823
are

= = jew = = get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch , i'll rape your fucking family if you don't leave you semite bastard . i will shoot you if you return , because you're a dirty semite , i hope you choke on a fucking bagel , prick . shalom .
0.9794819
jew get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch ill rape your fucikng family if you dont leave you semite bastard i will shoot you if you return because youre a dirty semite i hope you choke on a fuckign bagel prick shalom 
0.96825814
fucking

welcome ! hello , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are a few good links for newcomers : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you have any questions , check out wikipedia : where to ask a question or ask me on my talk page . again , welcome ! — |
0.007968758
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here rae a few good links for newcomers the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you have any questions check out wikipedia where to ask a question or ask me on my talk page again welcome — 
0.0060155704
are

::::: see talk : a view to a kill . yeah , i was definitely wrong here ( citing the internet , is often a bad idea d ) . i read more into it a while back , - plus i know people that have read the original scripts . definitely not written for moore .
0.14449392
see talk a view to a ikll yeah i was definitely wrong here citing the internet is often a bad idea d i read more into it a while back plus i know people that have read the original scripts definitely not written for moore 
0.05365707
kill

: a blank page though might mislead someone who looks at the episode listing into thinking that these episodes have already been written about . ( red link vs . blue link , or no link vs . blue link ) . i'll confess to not being entirely familiar with how wikipedia handles episodes , but something tells me this probably one of a handful of shows with a page dedicated to every episode . ( and i note from my experience with albums/music that people are discouraged from writing an article about every track in an album , for example – just as i'd hope people would be discouraged from writing an article about every episode in a season ) . in any event , i'm going to stop marking these for speedy deletion once i finish this season off . while i'm fairly confident they're eligible for speedy deletion , if they're not , i'll need to afd them instead ( at which the community can take up your arguments ) . — ( e-mail )
0.022050425
a blank page though might mislaed someone who looks at the episode listing into thinking that these episodes have already been written about red link vs blue link or no link vs blue link ill confess to not being entirely familiar with how wikipedia handles episodes but something tells me this probably one of a handful of shows with a page dedicated to every episode and i note from my experience with albumsmusic that people are discouraged from writing an article about every track in an album for example – just as id hope people would be discouraged from writing an article about every episode in a season in any event im going to stop marking these for speedy deletion once i finish this season off while im fairly confident theyre eligible for speedy deletion if theyre not ill need to afd them instead at which the community can take up your arguments — email 
0.014975202
mislead

: you are right . gelato is simply italian for ice-cream . when i see it , i say gelato in italian and ice-cream in english . however , americans think they are clever when they use foreign words , and they have decided that gelato ( or gelado as they pronounce it ) is some special thing similar to ice-cream but with less cream . for the rest of us it's just a creamy brand of ice-cream ( una marca di gelato abbastanza cremoso ) or a not so creamy brand of ice-cream ( una marca di gelato poco cremoso ) . : here in australia , it's even worse . they say geladi , presumably because italian ice-cream parlours have gelati ( ice-creams ) written out front , so they have decided that it is a special word for the product inside . : you'll see the same tendency in the word prosciutto . people will actually say it's not ham ; it's pro-shoo-do , which is bemusing to italian-speakers . what they mean by pro-shoo-do is sometimes italian ham , sometimes dry-cured ham . it's beyond me why they can't just call a spade a spade . : a final note : my girlfriend once went to italy and ordered a lattay , as she pretentiously would in australia . she got her comeuppance however , when they gave her the glass of milk ( latte ) that she ordered , rather than the milky coffee ( caffellatte ) that she wanted ! —
0.05965211
you are right gelato is simply italian for icecream when i see it i say gelato in italian and icecream in english however americans think they are clever when they use foreign words and they have decided that gelato or gelado as they pronounce it is some special thing similar to icecream but with less cream for the rest of us its just a creamy brand of icecream una marca di gelato abbastanza cremoso or a not so creamy brand of icecream una marca di gelato poco cremoso here in australia its even wores they say geladi presumably because italian icecream parlours have gelati icecreams written out front so they have decided that it is a special word for the product inside youll see the same tendency in the word prosciutto people will actually say its not ham its proshoodo which is bemusing to italianspeakers what they mean by proshoodo is sometimes italian ham sometimes drycured ham its beyond me why they cant just call a spade a spade a final note my girlfriend once went to italy and ordered a lattay as she pretentiously would in australia she got her comeuppance however when they gave her the glass of milk latte that she ordered rather than the milky coffee caffellatte that she wanted — 
0.055033635
worse

certainly the kurdish human rights project is not a neutral organization , but i fail to see what is pov about the section you've tagged . please explain what is wrong with the description of the khrp's view or remove the tag . —
0.041326646
certainly the kurdish human rights project is not a neutral organization but i fail to see what is pov about the section youve tagged please explain what is rwong with the description of the khrps view or remove the tag — 
0.030921683
wrong

= = mario template = = hey , just wanted to leave a note explaining the ' s in the template . they help with formatting and keeping the title names from splitting ( they also keep the dashes from wrapping and starting a line ) . btw , as far as the mario kart games go , part of me thinks you were on the right track , maybe the mario kart template should be folded into the mario series template . it might be worth discussing on the mario kart template's talk page to see if anyone objects . — ( e-mail )
0.016584504
mario template hey just wanted to leave a note explaining the s in the template they help with formatting and keeping the title names from splitting they also keep the dashes from wrapping and starting a line btw as far as the mario kart games og part of me thinks you were on the right track maybe the mario kart template should be folded into the mario series template it might be worth discussing on the mario kart templates talk page to see if anyone objects — email 
0.01138186
go

thom hartmann states that in germany , : ... people fill in hand-marked ballots , which are hand-counted by civil servants , watched over by volunteer representatives of the political parties . ... it's totally clean , and easily audited . and even though it takes a week or more to count the vote ... the german people know the election results the night the polls close because the news media’s exit polls , for two generations , have never been more than a tenth of a percent off . unfortunately he's wrong . generally all votes are counted ( twice ) by midnight . then the preliminary final results are announced and the candidates who won are contacted so they can state whether they accept their seats or not . they have a week to reply and then the final results are announced ; it's got nothing to do with counting votes for a week ( btw . the final result of the election as a whole can take even more time because somtimes some precincts vote later than the other . this year a candidate died in dresden after the ballots had been finalised and therefore the precinct voted two weeks (?) later
0.052434787
thom hartmann states that in germany people fill in handmarked ballots which are handcounted by civil servants watched over by volunteer representatives of the political parties its totally clean and easily audited and even though it takes a week or more to count the vote the german people know the election results the night the polls close because the news media’s exit polls for two generations have never been more than a tenth of a percent off unfortunately hes wrong generally all votes are counted twice by midnight then the preliminary final results are announced and the candidates who won are contacted so they can state whether they accept their seats or not they have a week to reply and then the final results are announced its got nothing to do with counting votes for a week btw the final result of the election as a whole can take even more time because somtimes some precincts vote later than the other this year a candidate deid in dresden after the ballots had been finalised and therefore the precinct voted two weeks later 
0.028907634
died

: controversially is a perfectly acceptable word when describing the usage of conspiracy theory . to put things simply , anyone using conspiracy theory in a scientific or encyclopedic context is trying to trick people , not trying to advance science neutrally . funny you should say it's not clear what a dubious narrative genre is since that was your argument over on wikipedia : conspiracy theory . another thing i find funny is this unclear dubious narrative genre can somehow be used to defend a phrase from a charge of non neutral presentation . in my opinion we should completely rewrite narrative genre but since your argument passed ( for now ) over on wikipedia : conspiracy theory we are stuck with it , sorry .
0.051084943
controversially s a perfectly acceptable word when describing the usage of conspiracy theory to put things simply anyone using conspiracy theory in a scientific or encyclopedic context si trying to trick people not trying to advance science neutrally funny you should say its not clear what a dubious narrative genre i since that was your argument over on wikipedia conspiracy theory another thing i find funny si this unclear dubious narrative genre can somehow be used to defend a phrase from a charge of non neutral presentation in my opinion we should completely rewrite narrative genre but since your argument passed for now over on wikipedia conspiracy theory we are stuck with it sorry 
0.046496935
is

= = i dispute jayjg's block for personal attacks = = for the record i dispute jayjg's block of me for personal attacks ( and he has yet to notify me on my talk page ) . given the history of the conspiracy theory article it is perfectly reasonable to interpret that a bot-like highly coordinated cabal of editors do everything in their power to defend or implement a certain pov . why do jayjg and his pov aligned friends always seem to show up to the same article at the same time ? why do jayjg and his friends have exactly the same pov ? they never seem to debate the core issues of any controversy on the talk page .
0.07755567
i dispute jayjgs block for personal attacks for the record i dispute jayjgs block of me for personal attacks and he has yet to notify me on my talk page given the history of the conspiracy theory article it is perfectly reasonable to interpret that a botlike highly coordinated caabl of editors do everything in their power to defend or implement a certain pov why do jayjg and his pov aligned friends always seem to show up to the same article at the same time why do jayjg and his friends have exactly the same pov they never seem to debate the core issues of any controversy on the talk page 
0.068381965
cabal

: this is correct : he makes claims like one in three road deaths are due to speed cameras , and i refute them in detail citing sources . he doesn't like that very much -) but as far as i'm concerned it's all ancient history , since smith has not trolled visited the cycling newsgroup for at least a year , and i have quite enough to do without going looking for him in his own forums . but the major source of grudge , i think , is an article in which ? where i pointed the journalist to some crucial data showing that smith's one in three claim is absurd . the portrait of smith painted by this article was less than flattering ( yes , you guessed it , he called it libellous ! ) - ]/] ( w ) ''''
0.0820108
this is correct he makes claims like one in three road deaths are due to speed cameras and i refute them in detail citing sources he doesnt like that very much but as far as im concerned its all ancient history since smith has not trolled visited the cycling newsgroup for at least a year and i have quite enough to do without going looking for him in his own forums but the major source of grudge i think is an article in which where i pointed the journalist to some crucial data showing that smiths one in three claim is absudr the portrait of smith painted by this article was less than flattering yes you guessed it he called it libellous w 
0.054379232
absurd

