the above listed editors are enjoined from editing the article's content due to their proximity to the topic . to report abuse leave a message at wp : an or follow the steps at wp : dr.
0.021287903
the above listed editors are enjoined from editing the articles content due to their proximity to the topic to report aubse leave a message at wp an or follow the steps at wp dr 
0.008344541
abuse

= = hello = = what a life !!! sitting around and producing propaganda for the masses !!! i hope you enjoy your hobby . you know controlling information is but one step away from controlling peoples thought processes . with time and practice , you too will become a well versed student of revisionist history . here is to an exciting and wonderful future !!! herr goebbles
0.38382033
hello what a ilfe sitting around and producing propaganda for the masses i hope you enjoy your hobby you know controlling information is but one step away from controlling peoples thought processes with time and practice you too will become a well versed student of revisionist history here is to an exciting and wonderful future herr goebbles 
0.22389877
life

* jfdwolff , your profound lack of wisdom is no credit to your woefully failed vendetta . go get your head checked !!! you are morbidly insane . . .
0.7264972
jfdwolff your profound lack of wisdom is no credit to your woefully failed vendetta go get your head checked you are morbidly inasne 
0.5939955
insane

= = the never ending edit ... = = of the hundreds on my watchlist this article is like the never ending edit . of this i'm sure , this article has become a cause and darn if i'll let a so where there should be a but . if this article with its minutia is your cause well then have at it with all of your attention . it at least keeps you away from the rest of this project . : heh . terri schiavo as a flypaper for the priority-challenged . i like that notion . ^_^ - : my dearest sir , you are so correct ! we are going to ramp this up slowly . terri schiavo is not a movie star . she is an issue about american jurisprudence and how wrong congressional intervention is . that is her notability . if you think about it , she is just along for the ride . : the perspecitve of this article should now change to change to the judges . it is the politicians were who were the flies . they got swatted away , but she sticks to them , does she not ? andrew william morrow
0.097269975
the never ending edit of the hundreds on my watchlist this article is like the never ending edit of this im sure this article has become a cause and darn if ill let a so where there should be a but if this article with its minutia is your cause well then have at it with all of your attention it at least keeps you away from the rest of this project heh terri schiavo as a flypaper for the prioritychallenged i like that notion my dearset sir you are so correct we are going to ramp this up slowly terri schiavo is not a movie star she is an issue about american jurisprudence and how wrong congressional intervention is that is her notability if you think about it she is just along for the ride the perspecitve of this article should now change to change to the judges it is the politicians were who were the flies they got swatted away but she sticks to them does she not andrew william morrow 
0.07249212
dearest

= = npov = = damnit , liberals and blogger are going to try and spin the hell out of this , look at the version it was protected on ! why is something as minor as a hunting accident even listed in this article ! it reads like a blog from the freaking daily kos , please clean this up to conform to neutral pov , and not exploit a minor accident like it's a big deal !
0.3484207
npov damnit libreals and blogger are going to try and spin the hell out of this look at the version it was protected on why is something as minor as a hunting accident even listed in this article it reads like a blog from the freaking daily kos please clean this up to conform to neutral pov and not exploit a minor accident like its a big deal 
0.28641582
liberals

the never ending edit ... of the hundreds on my watchlist this article is like the never ending edit . of this i'm sure , this article has become a cause and darn if i'll let a so where there should be a but . if this article with its minutia is your cause well then have at it with all of your attention . it at least keeps you away from the rest of this project . : heh . terri schiavo as a flypaper for the priority-challenged . i like that notion . ^_^ - : my dearest sir , you are so correct ! we are going to ramp this up slowly . terri schiavo is not a movie star . she is an issue about american jurisprudence and how wrong congressional intervention is . that is her notability . if you think about it , she is just along for the ride . : the perspecitve of this article should now change to change to the judges . it is the politicians were who were the flies . they got swatted away , but she sticks to them , does she not ? andrew william morrow let us now see if that little fly musical linguist takes the bait . better yet ; that she-dog . here girl , here girl ! come and delete this section again ! good girl ! here , i will give you biscuit ! sooooo ... does any other admin want to come and delete this idea for the sake of some shallow excuse like banned user ? huh ? huh ? come on guys , show us all how intelligent you are ! atta boy ! good boys ! as said by sir thomas more in * : they'll think that somewhere along your pedigree a bitch got over the wall !
0.541832
the never ending edit of the hundreds on my watchlist this article is like the never ending edit of this im sure this article has become a cause and darn if ill let a so where there should be a but if this article with its minutia is your cause well then have at it with all of your attention it at least keeps you away from the rest of this project heh terri schiavo as a flypaper for the prioritychallenged i like that notion my dearest sir you are so correct we are going to ramp this up slowly terri schiavo is not a movie star she is an issue about american jurisprudence and how wrong congressional intervention is that is her notability if you think about it she is just along for the ride the perspecitve of this article should now change to change to the judges it is the politicians were who were the flies they got swatted away but she sticks to them does she not andrew william morrow let us now see if that little fly musical linguist takes the bait better yet that shedog here girl here girl come and delete this section again good girl here i will give you biscuit sooooo does any other admin want to come and delete this idea for the sake of some shallow excuse like banned user huh huh come on guys show us all how intelligent you are atta boy good boys as said by sir thomas more in theyll think that somewhere along your pedigree a ibtch got over the wall 
0.16074464
bitch

toenails indeed . ingrown , most likely . thanks to your reference to the barnstar , i've discovered that aa is a full-time employee of aig . one thinks that this would lend an overwhelming bias to this article , and would explain her motivation in casting sarfati in a clearly more positive light . it seems to me that as a full-time employee of aig ( and a person who likely knows sarfati personally , aa might be wise to recuse herself from making edits to the article and should restrict her activities to the talk page . now , this is just my opinion mind you , but in america , this is how we do things on the up and up . : see talk : answers_in_genesis #financial_motivations : i have recently discovered that agapetos_angel is a party personally involved with sarfati and aig , and thus has been dishonestly participating here under false pretenses and in bad faith . per policy and many orbcomm decisions , editors should not participate on topics where they are personally involved . aa been accused of disruption and npov violations . she needs to cease editing at aig and this article or i will personally take this matter through to arbitration . :
0.09139608
toenails indeed ingrown most likely thanks to your reference to the barnstar ive discovered that aa is a fulltime employee of aig one thinks that this would lend an overwhelming bias to this article and would explain her motivation in casting sarfati in a clearly more positive light it seems to me that as a fulltime employee of aig and a person who likely knows sarfati personally aa might be wise to recuse herself from making edits to the article and should restrict her activities to the talk page now this is just my opinion mind you but in america this is how we do things on the up and up see talk answersingenesis financialmotivations i have recently discovered that agapetosangel is a party personally involved with sarfati and aig and thus has been dishonestly participating here under false pretenses and in bda faith per policy and many orbcomm decisions editors should not participate on topics where they are personally involved aa been accused of disruption and npov violations she needs to cease editing at aig and this article or i will personally take this matter through to arbitration 
0.063059255
bad

here's a quote from the socialism wiki article : among the notable broadly egalitarian philosophies are socialism ... but maybe you consider bismark to be a socialist !
0.047465652
heres a quote from the socialim wiki article among the notable broadly egalitarian philosophies are scoialism but maybe you consider bismark to be a socialist 
0.03689533
socialism

10 dead chickens , why are you deleting my comments ? ks
0.43798727
10 deda chickens why are you deleting my comments ks 
0.27831542
dead

i agree with the points above , however i also believe that without a reference to a study or another credible source of evidence , it cannot be accurately stated that a no negotiation policy leads to a reduction in hostage situations . in the modern world , many of the terriorists involved in hostage situations are religiously motivated , believing that they will go to heaven when they die , and thus not afraid of death . stanislav b .
0.06364489
i agree with the points above however i also believe that without a reference to a study or another credible source of evidence it cannot be accurately stated that a no negotiation policy leads to a reduction in hostage situations in the modern world many of the terriorists involved in hostage situations are religiously motivated believing that they will go to heaven when they die and thus not afraid of edath stanislav b 
0.041775905
death

bishonen , i look forward to your opinion when you get a chance . you asked why i logged out . i'm sorry , i don't know what that means . btw , if you would ever like to email me to discuss this , i'd be happy to hear from you : jimheller@shaw.ca andries , i wouldn't dream of editting this article as long as jossi is free to edit it . jossi , anyone reading this page can see that you started the ad hominem attacks with your reference to madgregor's affidavit and the nasty quotes therein . beyond that , you've ridiculed my reading and thinking skills just because i've stated the obvious . my responses to you have been a mere glimpse of my real feelings . if what i've said has been abusive , what you've said about me , other ex-premies and , perhaps most importantly , the truth , is far worse .
0.28759035
bishonen i look forward to your opinion when you get a chance you asked why i logged out im sorry i dont know what that means btw if you would ever like to email me to discuss this id be happy to hear from you jimhellershawca andries i wouldnt dream of editting this article as long as jossi is free to edit it jossi anyone reading this page can see that you started the ad hominem attacks with your reference to madgregors affidavit and the nasty quotes therein beyond that youve ridicueld my reading and thinking skills just because ive stated the obvious my responses to you have been a mere glimpse of my real feelings if what ive said has been abusive what youve said about me other expremies and perhaps most importantly the truth is far worse 
0.27164188
ridiculed

= = alumni lists = = hi coblin , check out north sydney boys high school if you are interested in alumni lists . i have added references from who's who in australia , but there is just no pleasing some people . cheers
0.00739062
alumni lists hi coblin check out north sydney byos high school if you are interested in alumni lists i have added references from whos who in australia but there is just no pleasing some people cheers 
0.006549179
boys

but leithp is a wikifascist ! all wikiadmins are as they follow the philosophy of resistance is futile
0.31218565
but leithp is a wikifascist all iwkiadmins are as they follow the philosophy of resistance is futile 
0.18945342
wikiadmins

citing legitimate sources is not defacing wikipedia . you are the one attempting to spread propoganda by deleting this cited and sourced information . i do have a pov , just as you do . except my pov cites legit sources with that pov . it is not a crime or against the rules to cite sources who have a pov ... there is no going around it . so don't spin the wiki policies and rules . i feel sorry for people like you who are so out of touch with reality and with facts that the only way they know how to defend the fairy land they call reality is to delete and eliminate all oposition . ( gibby )
0.18119405
citing legitimate sources is not defacing wikipedia you are the one attempting to spread propoganda by deleting this cited and sourced information i do have a pov just as you do except my pov cites legit sources with that pov it is not a crime or against the rules to cite sources who have a pov there is no going around it so dont spin the wiki policies and rules i feel sorry for people like you who are so out of touch with reality and with facts that the only way they know how to defend the fairy land they call reality is to delete and eliminate all opsoition gibby 
0.15999722
oposition

= = what do you mean ? = = what do you mean , steve ? what have i done to you ? ♥ -
0.054643907
what do you mean what do you mean steve what haev i done to you ♥ 
0.044527806
have

= = xeari's usertalk hello people of earth ... this is my talk page ! woohoo . you heard me , woohoo ! say it with me now ... woo-hoo so ... this page will probably become a chat place for 7/8b students of vm ( ottawa , canada ) . ( if it does , we need nicknames , y'all . teachers and bad people in the world won't know it's us , then . ) well , c ya l8r ! ^ . ~ <3 - xeari
0.32384217
xearis usertalk hello people of earth this is my talk page woohoo you heard me woohoo say it with me now woohoo so this page will probably become a chat place for 78b students of vm ottawa canada if it does we need nicknames yall teachers and abd people in the world wont know its us then well c ya l8r 3 xeari 
0.11578591
bad

just read the fucking census data . do you think i made up these numbers ?? christ !
0.8817169
just read the fucikng census data do you think i made up these numbers christ 
0.07112006
fucking

= destroyer = = = i think that stuff would be better in the main article . Д = =
0.17206879
destroyer i think that stuff would be better in the mani article Д 
0.034727816
main

