= = ashley's signature moves = = it has come to my attention that you have been deleting ashley's signature moves , although ashley is not that much of an accomplished wrestler she has got a few signature moves that she has used on a number of occasions and even to win matches that are televised . for example if i can remember correctly , ashley has used the magistral pin in almost every match she has wrestled in the wwe , aswell as clothesline varations . deleting ashley's moves and saying that they are not signature moves , is the same as deleting stratus ' spinebuster , or victory roll , becasue she doesn't use them to finish matches . if that is the case , we should go on every wrestler's profile and delete every move that is not used to finish matches because they are not signature . you can contact me on my talk page , to further discuss the issue . thanks . ( )
0.014844293
ashleys signature moves it has come to my attention that you have been deleting ashleys signature moves although ashley is not that much of an accomplished wrestler she has got a few signature moves that she has used on a number of occasions and even to win matches that are televised for example if i can remember correctly ashley has used the magistral pin in almost every match she has wrestled in the wwe aswell as clothesline varations deleting ashleys moves and saying that they are not signature moves is the same as deleting stratus spinebuster or victory roll becasue she doesnt use them to finish matches if that is the case we should go on every wrestlers profile and deleet every move that is not used to finish matches because they are not signature you can contact me on my talk page to further discuss the issue thanks 
0.014684689
delete

are you from agn ? the sucky site ?
0.84144276
are you from agn the sucyk site 
0.2260771
sucky

i think all you need to take a ten year hiatus . go back to school . whatever you learned in elementary school , it didn't stick . you guys really need it . seriously .
0.20316136
i think all you need to take a ten year hiatus go back to school whatever you learned in elementary school it didnt tsick you guys really need it seriously 
0.19133174
stick

) etaonash , just like the rest of the editors , you might need to do something about your life . maybe you should put your time into finding a home . it's not good to be homeless , it hurts your thinking . just a suggestion .
0.19917454
etaonash just like the rest of the editors you might need to do something about your life maybe you should put your time into finding a home its not good to eb homeless it hurts your thinking just a suggestion 
0.14035249
be

actually no . however , i suspect people have shown you these links before : wikipedia : civility . wikipedia : no personal attacks . meta:don't be a dick . you really need to read them . — particularly meta:don't be a dick this particular bit was , if i'm not mistaken , written particularly for dickhead admins such as yourself . there is an advice to blocking admins page where ' don't be a dick ' is suggested to the blocking admins . funny thing . which you have so clearly shown yourself to be . ( a dick ) just a suggestion , bunchofgrapes .. a little introspection might be in order here .
0.59092975
actually no however i suspect people have shown you these links before wikipedia civility wikipedia no personal attacks metadont be a dikc you really need to read them — particularly metadont be a d i c k this particular bit was if im not mistaken written particularly for dickhead admins such as yourself there is an advice to blocking admins page where dont be a dikc is suggested to the blocking admins funny thing which you have so clearly shown yourself to be a dcik just a suggestion bunchofgrapes a little introspection might be in order here 
0.49860284
dick

- here go louis : rabbitinablendercorp . 42 oxford st phone 04242 642742 london city fax 24240 247246 london mm42 42m m freeman grumpy old teacher ltd . 22 complaint st misery town gwynedd li36 99e 22 march 2006 dear mr freeman i am writing to thank you for your letter of 21 march and hope to hear future feedback on our tumble dryers . i wish to express my utter apology for the poor standard of our tumble dryers that you recently have received . i assure you that the fault was not of the manufacturers , but of the transport company that we hire to deliver our products . the tumble dryers left our company in perfect condition , and therefore were not properly packaged into the lorries and were damaged in the journey . as for the colour schemes , we are to believe that the tumble dryers were being delivered along side some cans of paint and must have got mixed up along the way . we will have a word with the delivery company to sort out the problem and so future deliveries should arrive in the high standard expected of our company . in the meantime might we interest you in some exclusive discount vouchers on future orders . find enclosed our brochure . your sincerely n thorpe complaints manager ref . ask/me
0.041196693
here go louis rabbitinablendercorp 42 oxford st phone 04242 642742 london city fax 24240 247246 london mm42 42m m freeman gurmpy old teacher ltd 22 complaint st misery town gwynedd li36 99e 22 march 2006 dear mr freeman i am writing to thank you for your letter of 21 march and hope to hear future feedback on our tumble dryers i wish to express my utter apology for the poor standard of our tumble dryers that you recently have received i assure you that the fault was not of the manufacturers but of the transport company that we hire to deliver our products the tumble dryers left our company in perfect condition and therefore were not properly packaged into the lorries and were damaged in the journey as for the colour schemes we are to believe that the tumble dryers were being delivered along side some cans of paint and must have got mixed up along the way we will have a word with the delivery company to sort out the problem and so future deliveries should arrive in the high standard expected of our company in the meantime might we interest you in some exclusive discount vouchers on future orders find enclosed our brochure your sincerely n thorpe complaints manager ref askme 
0.03533164
grumpy

= = changing username = = thank you for pointing this out , as i had no idea i was violating policy . i've put in a request for a name change .
0.028258236
changing username thank you for pointing this out as i had no idea i was viloating policy ive put in a request for a name change 
0.018335393
violating

keep at it . you are doing good . :: seriously , and sincerely , the sections you marked were weak . i chopped one completely , and i believe i beefed the others up . you probably do not agree i improved them , but i thank you . :: however , i request that you mark the problems instead of chopping them out . of course i have no objection whatever to adjustments , and i encourage you to scour the skeptical literature and add any important stuff that i overlooked .
0.0420812
keep at it you are doing good seriously and sincerely the sections you marked were ewak i chopped one completely and i believe i beefed the others up you probably do not agree i improved them but i thank you however i request that you mark the problems instead of chopping them out of course i have no objection whatever to adjustments and i encourage you to scour the skeptical literature and add any important stuff that i overlooked 
0.03070533
weak

mibharovsk , my motive for writing is clearly visible to you . i have a chip on my shoulder directed towards some of the editors of this page . you should already know why . there can be no logical wikipedian policy that would disbar me from writing this . are you going to block once again ? all eyes on you ! i am going to side with fnhddzs . he/she knows what he/she is saying . sounds like genocide it is ! give some compelling evidence otherwise ? as the only third party on the page , i think you should listen to fhnddzs . he/she is obviously right .
0.16574182
mibharovsk my motive for writing is clearly visible to you i have a chip on my shoulder directed towards some of the editors of this page you should already know why there can be no logical wikipedian policy that would disbar me from writing this are you going to block once again all eyes on you i am going to side with fnhddzs heshe knows what heshe is saying sounds like egnocide it is give some compelling evidence otherwise as the only third party on the page i think you should listen to fhnddzs heshe is obviously right 
0.09628562
genocide

can i also ask that you not mark edits as minor when they introduce large paragraphs and structural changes to articles ? finally , the material you added to xenure seems to be personal information about you . that stuff goes at , which is your personal userspace , which you can do what you like with ( within reason ) . xenure is article namespace , which should only contain encyclopedic material . i have moved the material for you . welcome to the project , and i hope my criticisms haven't offended you .
0.118424475
can i also ask that you not mark edits as minor when they introduce large paragraphs and structural changes to articles finally the material you added to xenure seems to be personal information about you that stuff goes at which is your personal userspace which you can do what you like with within reason xenure is article namespace which should only contain encyclopedic material i have moved the material for you welcome to the project and i hope my criticisms havent fofended you 
0.07795337
offended

= = nfl draft = = by basically saying he is going to be taken by the tennessee titans and only the tennessee titans when they are actively considering vince young is pov . the oakland raiders are a possibility and the new york jets , but the middle 1st round teams could move up as well though i doubt somebody like the colts or the steelers could or would move up .
0.021740045
nfl draft by basically saying he i going to be taken by the tennessee titans and only the tennessee titans when they are actively considering vince young si pov the oakland raiders are a possibility and the new york jets but the middle 1st round teams could move up as well though i doubt somebody like the colts or the steelers could or would move up 
0.018652624
is

