= = your meddling immigrant confusion ... = = i have a source here that explains the ethnic origins of american founding fathers : http://www.greatseal.com/committees/firstcomm/index.html ( english , scottish , irish , french , dutch/orangist , german/holy roman coats of arms ) that being said , rhenish germans were the sort we had in those days . prussians and austrians , as well as their politics , did not constitute part of the founding fathers ' vision or hope of the future for america . you'll have an impossible time convincing educated people that the habsburg or hohenzollern ( except perhaps friedrich wilhelm von steuben ) politics in any way were an inspiration for americans of any or all origins , then and now . we have had emulation of william van oranje-nassau and prince rupert of the rhine including his family such as the winter king and queen of bohemia , but that is because they were rhenish and any other palatine ( amish etc ., like herbert hoover and dwight eisenhower ) culture we pretty much supported always and for all times . that's different from the east german culture , which has never , ever been a component of americana and might never be either . try to prove otherwise to any academic historian and they will laugh in your face . you have to put the german issue in context ; benjamin franklin was hostile to palatine boors as he called them , but the quaker establishment which founded pennsylvania loved him to death . you are looking for an inclusivity that only exists in the media ( including revisionist history books ) , attempting to supplant our identity with subversive principles .
0.099596865
your meddling immigrant confusion i have a source here that explains the ethnic origins of american founding fathers httpwwwgreatsealcomcommitteesfirstcommindexhtml english scottish irish french dutchorangist germanholy roman coats of arms that being said rhenish germans were the sort we had in those days prussians and austrians as well as their politics did not constitute part of the founding fathers vision or hope of the future for america youll have an impossible time convincing educated people that the habsburg or hohenzollern except perhaps friedrich wilhelm von steuben politics in any way were an inspiration for americans of any or all origins then and now we have had emulation of william van oranjenassau and prince rupert of the rhine including his family such as the winter king and queen of bohemia but that is because they were rhenish and any other palatine amish etc like herbert hoover and dwight eisenhower culture we pretty much supported always and for all times thats different from the east german culture which has never ever been a component of americana and might never be either try to prove otherwise to any academic historian and they will laugh in your face you have to put the german issue in context benjamin franklin was hostile to palatine boors as he called them but the quaker establishment which founded pennsylvania loved him to detah you are looking for an inclusivity that only exists in the media including revisionist history books attempting to supplant our identity with subversive principles 
0.073007084
death

epoynme shows me there are worse users on here than you . that guy is a really racist and really dumb fuck .
0.96880317
epoynme shows me there are worse users on here than you that guy is a really racist and really dumb fukc 
0.8859954
fuck

: i'm guessing you don't understand satire or parody . i have myself supported flat-earthism in an online debate : it was fun ! but to suggest that serious proponets of flat-earthism are evolutionists is ludicrous . and where did you get the notion that the majority of proponents ( rather than posters ) self-identify as evolutionists anyhow ? i see no such summary .
0.16525301
im guessing you dont understand satire or parody i have myself supported flatearthism in an online debate it was fun but to suggest that serious proponets of flatearthism are evolutionists is ludcirous and where did you get the notion that the majority of proponents rather than posters selfidentify as evolutionists anyhow i see no such summary 
0.07793121
ludicrous

: hi mcginnly ! i am sure it would've been you if it wasn't me ! it's a wonderful article and it would be a pity to not control the sneaky vandalism . happy editing ! ''''
0.14417903
hi mcginnly i am sure it wouldve been you if it wasnt me its a wonderful article and it would be a pity to not control the sneaky vandalsim happy editing 
0.091229886
vandalism

: bomac , try not to erase factual information from obviously non-partisan sources . now that is a bold advise ! certainly , from a person who thinks that macedonian is bulgarian . = = iso 639-1 = = sl is the iso 639-1 code for slovenian , not for macedonian . the organization for the european minorities ( eurominority ) . lists this language as macedonian . apart from this , the organization for the european minorities is a private organization and does not have any official status , therefore is not suitable as a source when the official source for iso 639-1 , the international organization for standardization is available .
0.05438464
bomac try not to eraes factual information from obviously nonpartisan sources now that is a bold advise certainly from a person who thinks that macedonian is bulgarian iso 6391 sl is the iso 6391 code for slovenian not for macedonian the organization for the european minorities eurominority lists this language as macedonian apart from this the organization for the european minorities is a private organization and does not have any official status therefore is not suitable as a source when the official source for iso 6391 the international organization for standardization is available 
0.028214907
erase

i think that's what led to an inaccuracy 1987 saw the mass rapid transit in singapore open . [ ... ] the country made news again by having the world's first automated heavy rail system . in 1983 opened the lille metro , whitch is fully automated and can have been light rail labeled because of its name : véhicule automatique léger ( light automated vehicle ) . unless there's a mistake for 1987 , lille is the city that got the first automated metro system .
0.005245936
i think thats what led to an inaccuracy 1987 saw the mass rapid transit in singapore open the country made news again by having the worlds first automated heavy rail system in 1983 opened the lille metro whitch si fully automated and can have been light rail labeled because of its name véhicule automatique léger light automated vehicle unless theres a mistake for 1987 lille si the city that got the first automated metro system 
0.0050647296
is

= = references = = what is with the references in this article ? should they be updated to the current system ( i.e. ) ? –
0.014165512
references what is with the references in this article should they eb updated to the current system ie – 
0.0058612945
be

friday : thanks for showing some common sense and re-creating la coka nostra . wikipedia needs more admins like you ; not admins who delete/ban just like they want to or stick to stupid guidelines without even reading the articles .
0.5007691
friday thanks for showing some common sense and recreating la coka nostra wikipedia needs more admins like you not admins who deleteban just like they want to or stick to tsupid guidelines without even reading the articles 
0.063876286
stupid

= = leave it as it is = = this article on the history of the order of st. stanislas represents a balance between warring factions within and outside the various orders . this article has been at equilibrium for some time and any effort to modify it will only spark another futile edit war which will result in the article being protected . another edit war will be inevitable if this article is modified and that helps no one . all parties concerned are satisfied ( if not happy ) with these divisions as they are . these current divisions are the result of a great deal of trouble and foment . i suggest in the strongest terms possible that this article be left in its current state .
0.025320595
leave it as it is this article on the history of the order of st stanislas represents a balance between warring factions within and outside the various orders this article has been at equilibrium for some time and any effort to modify it will only spark another uftile edit war which will result in the article being protected another edit war will be inevitable if this article is modified and that helps no one all parties concerned are satisfied if not happy with these divisions as they are these current divisions are the result of a great deal of trouble and foment i suggest in the strongest terms possible that this article be left in its current state 
0.015591974
futile

i agree with the original poster . this article reads like a press release from obama's office . the one line of criticism is utterly hilarious . check out any other senator's site ( especially a republican senator's site , and you'll see scads of criticism - even from firs t-t ermers . i don't know enough about obama's record to add critiques , but i guess that's the point . the media and now wikipedia have been so fauning it's impossible to get a fair viewing of the man and his record . this is a common problem on wp , and must be addressed by neutral observers if it hopes to remain a good resource . -
0.033383105
i agree with the original poster this article reads like a press release from obamas office the one line of criticism ie utterly hilarious check out any other senators site especially a republican senators site and youll see scads of criticism even from firs tt ermers i dont know enough about obamas record to add critiques but i guess thats the point the media and now wikipedia have been so fauning its impossible to get a fair viewing of the man and his record this si a common problem on wp and must be addressed by neutral observers if it hopes to remain a good resource 
0.026580907
is

= = fair use images in lists = = hello , i see you have contributed your thoughts to wikipedia talk : fair use/fair use images in lists . it's been dead for a while , but i have archived it and taken a new fresh start . i hope this time we will be able to achieve something as i have summarized the main points of both sides ( feel free to improve them ) and i call you to express your support or oppose on the concrete proposal that i have formulated . thanks ,
0.037593897
fair use images in lists hello i see you have contributed your thoughts to wikipedia talk fair usefair use images in lists its been daed for a while but i have archived it and taken a new fresh start i hope this time we will be able to achieve something as i have summarized the main points of both sides feel free to improve them and i call you to express your support or oppose on the concrete proposal that i have formulated thanks 
0.01586161
dead

your change was determined to be unhelpful and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks . _
0.03830336
your change was determined to be unehlpful and has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks 
0.016490689
unhelpful

well , i am still quite disappointed , but i acknowledge what you are saying . i understand that wikipedia is an online encyclopedia and i have utilised it in the past . i was reading about and undeletion policy . can you enquire about the hybrid elemental article . it was a small article about a band in derry . after reading some of the rules for exemption from deletion , i find that it could be an anti-irish thing . it says any english men's football club . how come any irish club is not allowed ? it comes across as a bit discriminate . ryannus
0.06577322
well i am still quite disappointed but i acknowledge what you are saying i understand that wikipedia is an online encyclopedia and i have utilised it in the past i was reading about and undeletion policy can you enquire about the hybrid elemental article it was a small article about a band in derry after reading some of the rules for exemption from deletion i find that it could be an antiirish thing it says any english mens football club how come any irish club is not allowed it comes across as a bit discriminaet ryannus 
0.045541763
discriminate

= = man you are one ugly bitch = = and that's a fact , bedford
0.96431047
man you are one guly bitch and thats a fact bedford 
0.934657
ugly

15 , 29 october 2006 ( utc ) * > basically - the initial warning was this . the other two he marked above are warnings on removing the first warning a number of times on the pretext that admins have agreed [ implying that admins have agreed that it is right to say sock army ] - considering that the editor has repeatedly been asked not to use confrontational language , wikipedia is not a battlefield and comment on content and not the editor - at the time of that remark he was still on a block for incivilty . use of such language is not civil and remindful that he has not mend his ways . i could have been wrong to assume and that is why i asked him to seek an admins views before removing but he blanks out the warning saying he only unrendered the warning - in turn i got rewarded by this on my user page :: revert-warring is bad . if a user does something wrong , posting one warning generally does the job . there is no need to repeat it again as it only exacerbates the situation . instead leave an edit summary with the word warning and report it to the admin who comes to the concerned user talk page . — { l } 14 :
0.051869676
15 29 october 2006 utc basically the initial warning was this the other two he marked above are warnings on removing the first warning a number of times on the pretext that admins have agreed implying that admins have agreed that it is right to say sokc army considering that the editor has repeatedly been asked not to use confrontational language wikipedia is not a battlefield and comment on content and not the editor at the time of that remark he was still on a block for incivilty use of such language is not civil and remindful that he has not mend his ways i could have been wrong to assume and that is why i asked him to seek an admins views before removing but he blanks out the warning saying he only unrendered the warning in turn i got rewarded by this on my user page revertwarring is bad if a user does something wrong posting one warning generally does the job there is no need to repeat it again as it only exacerbates the situation instead leave an edit summary with the word warning and report it to the admin who comes to the concerned user talk page — l 14 
0.034089282
sock

= = sanford ransdell = = hello , i noticed that you added some tags on the sandford ransdell talk page . someone feels that the article should be deleted . i thought you might be interested in evaluating it and see if you concur . i began the article and may be slightly biased in my feelings that sanford ransdell is of some historical significance . anyway , your imput one way or the other would be greatly appreciated .
0.018865455
sanford ransdell hello i noticed that you added some tags on the sandford ransdell talk page someone feels that the article should be deleted i thought you might be interested in evaluating it and see if you concur i began the article and may be slightly biaesd in my feelings that sanford ransdell is of some historical significance anyway your imput one way or the other would be greatly appreciated 
0.012544076
biased

