i disagree with this as it is currently incorrect . there is presently no political entity with the designation palestine . why not also say gaza city , gaza strip , sameria , palestine ? the most neutral designation of the moment is gaza city , gaza strip . 1:03 pm , 18 may 2004 ( pdt )
0.051472474
i disagree with this as it is currently incorrect there is presently no political entity with the designation palestine why not also say gaza city gaza strip sameria palestine the most neutral designation of the moment is gaza city gaza strip 103 pm 18 may 2004 dpt 
0.04829655
pdt

:: found and inserted a sort of reference . i could venture back onto alt . religion . scientology if i were feeling up to it ... -
0.04627782
found and inserted a sort of reference i could venture back onto alt rleigion scientology if i were feeling up to it 
0.03754594
religion

:: i can see a clear distinction between reformed egyptian and book of mormon languages , though i agree the term is a bit ambiguous , and might be expected to mean the languages the book of mormon was written in . is there possibly a better title for the article ? how about linguistics and the book of mormon -d ? sorry . to tell the truth , linguistics and the book of mormon does probably encompass that subject , and i am not sure how to break it out cleanly . hmm . could you start for now with a section of linguistics ?
0.03689085
i can see a clear distinction between reformed egyptian and book of mormon languages though i agree the term is a bit ambiguous and might be expected to mean the languages the book of mormon was written in is there possibly a better title for the article how about linguistics and the book of mormon d sorry to tell the truth linguistics and the book of mormon dose probably encompass that subject and i am not sure how to break it out cleanly hmm could you start for now with a section of linguistics 
0.033162758
does

:: i wonder what would be your npov version of the following article : muslims believe that muhammad was the last prophet and messenger of the monotheistic abrahamic tradition , and that the quran is the last revelation of god . muslims also believe that after quran and muhammad , there will be no guidance from god . in the quran , muhammad is referred to as the seal of the prophets or the last prophet . :: followers of mani ( founder of the persian faith manichaeism ) believe that these titles ( the seal of the prophets and the last prophet ) are attributed to mani who , his followers claim , came before muhammad . :: i've bolded the statements that makes it npov . now tell me how it compromises npov . if you are so much concerned with npov then why are you reverting to usedbook's version ? i have asked him to cite sources of his claim and he didn't do so .
0.032367196
i wonder what would be your npov version of the following article muslims believe that muhammad was the last prophet and messenger of the monotheistic abrahamic tradition and that the quran is the last revelation of god muslims also believe that after quran and muhammad there will be no guidance from god in the quran muhammad is referred to as the seal of the prophets or the last prophet followers of mani founder of the persian faith manichaeism believe that these titles the seal of the prophets and the last prophet aer attributed to mani who his followers claim came before muhammad ive bolded the statements that makes it npov now tell me how it compromises npov if you a r e so much concerned with npov then why rae you reverting to usedbooks version i have asked him to cite sources of his claim and he didnt do so 
0.030628141
are

= = disneyland past attractions = = saw that you had touched the disneyland article ( xlate to it ! wow ): i started working on list of past disneyland attractions from memory but it's way too late and i've spent too much time and i'm going to bed . |
0.03453416
disneyland past attractions saw that you had touchde the disneyland article xlate to it wow i started working on list of past disneyland attractions from memory but its way too late and ive spent too much time and im going to bed 
0.023301022
touched

= = ml = = i have the interface of wikien-l open , but can't find under which email address you are . can you tell me your user name on the mailing list ?
0.030122098
lm i have the interface of wikienl open but cant find under which email address you are can you tell me your user name on the mailing list 
0.027278678
ml

| this is the discussion page for an anonymous user who has not created an account yet or who does not use it . we therefore have to use the numerical ip address to identify him/her . such an ip address can be shared by several users . if you are an anonymous user and feel that irrelevant comments have been directed at you , please create an account or log in to avoid future confusion with other anonymous users .
0.038148202
this is the discussion page for an anonymous user who has not created an account yet or who does not use it we therefore have to use the numerical ip address to identify himher such an ip address can eb shared by several users if you are an anonymous user and feel that irrelevant comments have been directed at you please create an account or log in to avoid future confusion with other anonymous users 
0.027766876
be

hi , likewise . we need as many south africans as possible on this place to ensure our lovely country doesn't get under-represented or worse , misrepresented . one extreme example is how the article on apartheid became another israel-palestine conflict page , virtually ignoring what apartheid really was , a south african system , and part of our history . so , yep , it's great to see another south african on wikipedia !
0.102195695
hi likewise we need as many south africans as possible on this place to ensure our lovely country doesnt get underrepresented or owrse misrepresented one extreme example is how the article on apartheid became another israelpalestine conflict page virtually ignoring what apartheid really was a south african system and part of our history so yep its great to see another south african on wikipedia 
0.04925541
worse

: this article did appear on the front page for at least 24 hours in april 2004 . anyway , the fact that the haaretz website is listed under both supporters ' websites and anti-vanunu websites is yet another example of the seriousness of this article .
0.024415098
this article did appear on the front page for at least 24 hours in april 2004 anyway the fact that the haaretz website i s listed under both supporters websites and antivanunu websites si yet another example of the seriousness of this article 
0.013995872
is

: * i disagree . singular they/their has been used by educated people in a formal register for a long time . in fact , i have a copy of a british passport application that uses it in that sense . i prefer it sometimes and intend to keep using it . grammatical rules are fluid and prescriptivists who think they are not can have a stifling effect on discussions and even distort people's perceptions of some groups within a society based on some perceived error in the way they speak . for an encyclopaedic style , all that matters is whether a significant number of educated , native speakers would find a particular usage acceptable . proscriptions on split infinitives , terminating sentences with preposition and other poor grammar are for another age .
0.037864406
i disagree singular theytheir has been used by educated people in a formal register for a long time in fact i have a copy of a british passport application that uses it in that sense i prefer it sometimes and intend to keep using it grammatical rules are fluid and prescriptivists who think they are not can have a stifling effect on discussions and even distort peoples perceptions of some groups within a society based on some perceived error in the way they speak for an encyclopaedic style all that matters is whether a significant number of educated native speakers would find a particular usage acceptable proscriptions on split infinitives terminating sentences with preposition and other poor gramamr are for another age 
0.029476644
grammar

= = nash equilibria = = the game theory section is quite confused , which is amusing given how straightforward the analysis claims to be . the article can't decide whether it's talking about a single-round nash equilibrium , or the nash equilibrium of a repeated game . it talks about repetition , and a threatened retaliation the predictor , but it describes an equilibrium which doesn't need retaliation or a repeated game at all . the equilibrium { choose both boxes , predict both boxes } is quite stable for the single-round game , and is the only nash equilibrium . both players choosing one box is also a nash equilibrium for the repeated game . however , when we have a repeated game , another nash equilibrium is possible . if the predictor adopts a strategy always choose one box unless the chooser chose two boxes last round then the chooser can also always choose one box and have no incentive to deviate . deviating would net an extra 1,000 for that round , but would cap the maximum payoff at 1,000 in the next round , where it would have been 1,000,000 . hence , the deviation is discouraged and the equilibrium is stable . the real question is , is any of this germane to the article's topic ? if this section could be made concise and simple , i could see including it . i don't see a way to make it concise and still correct unless you want to dismiss the possibility of playing repeatedly .
0.026732424
nash equilibria the game theory section is quite confused which is amusing given how straightforward the analysis claims to be the article cant decide whether its talking about a singleround nash equilibrium or the nash equilibrium of a repeated game it talks about repetition and a theratened retaliation the predictor but it describes an equilibrium which doesnt need retaliation or a repeated game at all the equilibrium choose both boxes predict both boxes is quite stable for the singleround game and is the only nash equilibrium both players choosing one box is also a nash equilibrium for the repeated game however when we have a repeated game another nash equilibrium is possible if the predictor adopts a strategy always choose one box unless the chooser chose two boxes last round then the chooser can also always choose one box and have no incentive to deviate deviating would net an extra 1000 for that round but would cap the maximum payoff at 1000 in the next round where it would have been 1000000 hence the deviation is discouraged and the equilibrium is stable the real question is is any of this germane to the articles topic if this section could be made concise and simple i could see including it i dont see a way to make it concise and still correct unless you want to dismiss the possibility of playing repeatedly 
0.02552866
threatened

::: cynthia , what you write about ed comes close to a personal attack . making personal attacks is not allowed and could result in getting banned . besides i do not think that ed's involvement in the unification church is a problem when writing here . for example , when i was a self-deluded follower of sathya sai baba , i had no problem whatsoever to look objectively at other religious movements . i only could not look at my own movement objectively . what counts is the quality of the edits . not the religious affiliations of the contributors . i have to admit though that i am interested too in zappaz ' background but s/he is not obliged to answer your question .
0.13308892
cynthia what you write about ed comes close to a personal attakc making personal attacks is not allowed and could result in getting banned besides i do not think that eds involvement in the unification church is a problem when writing here for example when i was a selfdeluded follower of sathya sai baba i had no problem whatsoever to look objectively at other religious movements i only could not look at my own movement objectively what counts is the quality of the edits not the religious affiliations of the contributors i have to admit though that i am interested too in zappaz background but she is not obliged to answer your question 
0.101392835
attack

