:p . s . i reverted vandalism on alan rickman , which it turns out has edited in the past , thus violating my parole . i thus appear to have inadvertantly violated my parole . as you have been judge and jury , you may now be executioner if you wish .
0.18346395
p s i reverted vandalism on alan rickman which it turns out has edited in the past thus violating my parole i thus appear to have inadvertantly violated my parole as you have been judge and jury you may now be execuitoner if you wish 
0.1322594
executioner

wikipedia needs to be on the other end of a class action suit to close it down . wikipedia is quility of conspriing to commit consumer fraud !
0.5335562
wikipedia needs to be on the other end of a class action suit to close it down wikipedia is quility of conspriing to commit consumer fruad 
0.33206168
fraud

i have reverted a recent edit you made to the article belmont abbey college . you did not provide an edit summary , and i could not determine whether the edit was vandalism or a constructive contribution . in the future , please use edit summaries .
0.02881053
i have reverted a recent edit you made to the article belmont abbey college you did not provide an edit summary and i could not determine whether the edit was vandlaism or a constructive contribution in the future please use edit summaries 
0.0101578515
vandalism

> sorry to do it , but i have removed a mass of unsourced , pov claims that contain only original research . i will be fine re-adding these in if viable sources can be found ... here's one for you from http://members.aol.com/tedalvy/ts.htm : : excerpt from the book by grateful dead bass player phil lesh : : the unique organicity of our music reflects the fact that each of us consciously personalized his playing : to fit with what others were playing and to fit with who each man was as an individual , allowing us to meld our consciousnesses together in the unity of a group mind . : for us , the philosophical basis of this concept was articulated by the science-fiction writer theodore sturgeon in his novel more than human , wherein the protagonists each have a single paranormal talent – telepathy , psychokinesis , teleportation – and are joined by a quadruple paraplegic who acts as a central processing unit . the process by which they become one is called bleshing , from a combination of mesh and blend . ( today’s archetype would be the x-men . ) now i'm going to put the page back the way it was . and i'll add this reference to it . moeron , you might want to consider discussing this with us before you go ahead and try to change it again . no one that i know of appointed you keeper of the deadhead page .
0.03312122
sorry to do it but i have removed a mass of unsourced pov claims that contain only original research i will be fine readding these in if viable sources can be found heres one for you from httpmembersaolcomtedalvytshtm excerpt from the book by grateful edad bass player phil lesh the unique organicity of our music reflects the fact that each of us consciously personalized his playing to fit with what others were playing and to fit with who each man was as an individual allowing us to meld our consciousnesses together in the unity of a group mind for us the philosophical basis of this concept was articulated by the sciencefiction writer theodore sturgeon in his novel more than human wherein the protagonists each have a single paranormal talent – telepathy psychokinesis teleportation – and are joined by a quadruple paraplegic who acts as a central processing unit the process by which they become one is called bleshing from a combination of mesh and blend today’s archetype would be the xmen now im going to put the page back the way it was and ill add this reference to it moeron you might want to consider discussing this with us before you go ahead and try to change it again no one that i know of appointed you keeper of the deadhead page 
0.028052501
dead

: that was a very rude comment from someone who indulges in the recreational use of drugs such as alcohol and coffee , according to his user page .
0.18778837
that was a very rude comment from someone who indulegs in the recreational use of drugs such as alcohol and coffee according to his user page 
0.17039321
indulges

:: firstly , it isn't up to me to do your research for you . it's your information that you seem determined to insert prominently near the top of the article , so the burden is on you to provide proper cited sources for it . i already made my contribution : i prefer to just jettison the entire paragraph , as i already did , or at least move it somewhere much lower in the article . secondly , some of the stuff you just mentioned are still various rock critics giving their own opinions of obvious influences . to say coldplay is influenced by oasis , we need a source with an actual band member stating words to this effect . thirdly , why is it so important to you to devote so much time , space , and effort to coldplay's influences , and why is it important enough to be so near the top of the article ?
0.032624993
firstly it isnt up to me to do your research for you its your information that you seem determined to insert prominently near the top of the article so the burden i s on you to provide proper cited sources for it i already made my contribution i prefer to just jettison the entire paragraph as i already did or at least move it somewhere much lower in the article secondly some of the stuff you just mentioned are still various rock critics giving their own opinions of obvious influences to say coldplay si influenced by oasis we need a source with an actual band member stating words to this effect thirdly why si it so important to you to devote so much time space and effort to coldplays influences and why si it important enough to be so near the top of the article 
0.030668834
is

= = innocent of the accusings of the crapholeistan government ! = = do not accuse me ! i am always the truths be telling ! highest authorities ! sincerement : joergen , d/b/a veritologist i thanks you !
0.17594458
innocent of the accusings of the crapholeistan government do not accsue me i am always the truths be telling highest authorities sincerement joergen dba veritologist i thanks you 
0.124175936
accuse

= = why was british cabinet opposed to the speech ? = = current version of the article states , despite the british cabinet's efforts to block the broadcast . the article free french forces says some of the british cabinet had attempted to block the speech which surely is more correct . but neither article says why there was opposition within the cabinet . if a reliable source can be found to explain that , it should be put in the article .
0.0071907714
why was british cabinet opposed to the speech current version of the article states despite the british cabinets efforts to olock the broadcast the article free french forces says some of the british cabinet had attempted to blcok the speech which surely is more correct but neither article says why there was opposition within the cabinet if a reliable source can be found to explain that it should be put in the article 
0.0037723172
block

::::: it's not enough to strenghten a notion . if an editor is misrepresenting text here , that's a serious matter , and should be dealt with .
0.16899699
its not enough to strenghten a notion if an editor is misrerpesenting text here thats a serious matter and should be dealt with 
0.07913553
misrepresenting

= = i rewrote the introduction = = i hope nobody minds . i think it is clearer now , and i wanted to link it to this page to the nuclear fuel page .
0.05413714
i rewrote the introduction i hope nobody minds i think it is clearer now and i wanted to link it to this page to the unclear fuel page 
0.034372125
nuclear

= = progressive conservative party still exists = = according to your rump section , there are still progressive conservatives who sit in parliament . so the party is not dead . see the extract below . rump pc caucus following the merger , a rump progressive conservative caucus remained in parliament , consisting of individuals who declined to join the new conservative party . in the house of commons , joe clark , andré bachand and john herron sat as pc members . in the 2004 election , bachand and clark did not to run for re-election , and herron ran as a liberal , losing to rob moore in his riding of fundy — royal . scott brison , who had joined the liberal caucus immediately upon departing the conservative party , was reelected as a liberal in the 2004 election . in the senate , william doody , lowell murray and norman atkins also declined to join the new party , and continue to sit as progressive conservative senators . on march 24 , 2005 , prime minister paul martin appointed nine new senators , two of whom , nancy ruth and elaine mccoy , were designated as progressive conservatives . thus there may be progressive conservative senators until 2021 when mccoy , the youngest of the five , attains the mandatory retirement age of 75 , or later if subsequent senators designate themselves progressive conservatives . nancy ruth has since left to sit with the conservative party . adding the death of senator doody on december 27 , 2005 , this reduced the number of pc senators to three .
0.037997205
progressive conservative party still exists according to your rupmp section there are still progressive conservatives who sit in parliament so the party is not dead see the extract below rupm pc caucus following the merger a urmp progressive conservative caucus remained in parliament consisting of individuals who declined to join the new conservative party in the house of commons joe clark andré bachand and john herron sat as pc members in the 2004 election bachand and clark did not to run for reelection and herron ran as a liberal losing to rob moore in his riding of fundy — royal scott brison who had joined the liberal caucus immediately upon departing the conservative party was reelected as a liberal in the 2004 election in the senate william doody lowell murray and norman atkins also declined to join the new party and continue to sit as progressive conservative senators on march 24 2005 prime minister paul martin appointed nine new senators two of whom nancy ruth and elaine mccoy were designated as progressive conservatives thus there may be progressive conservative senators until 2021 when mccoy the youngest of the five attains the mandatory retirement age of 75 or later if subsequent senators designate themselves progressive conservatives nancy ruth has since left to sit with the conservative party adding the death of senator doody on december 27 2005 this reduced the number of pc senators to three 
0.028812235
rump

; guidelines for my talk page :: * be nice and civil at all times . * unsigned messages will not be replied to .
0.06599919
guidelines for my talk page bb nice and civil at all times unsigned messages will not eb replied to 
0.032184407
be

:: i agree . her actual usage is of russia . i will revert now to the version that we have all consented to .
0.028828917
i agree her actual usage si of russia i will revert now to the version that we have all consented to 
0.027657118
is

