= = do you know what vandalism is ? = = my comments , as you , in bold : 24.243.187.152 has committed a mild amount of vandalism on the andy milonakis show . it appears that he was attempting to make a joke , but after other users have reverted him , i left him a vandalism warning . he has only made one vandalistic edit since then . i haven't actually read the article , and i don't understand the edit , and i don't know what the vandalism is , but i'm sure it's there . even if i'm mistaken in my judgement as to it being vandalism , he has also violated 3rr on the article . it appears he has also made several personal attacks , even after his final warning . [ 137][138][139][140 ] many of his attacks seem to be the reposting of a single attack that has been removed . wildnox(talk ) so it's not so much that he's done multiple things as one single thing . but i'm simple enough that this distinction escapes me .
0.15328828
do you know what v a n d a l i s m is my comments as you in bold 24243187152 has committed a mild amount of vandalsim on the andy milonakis show it appears that he was attempting to make a joke but after other users have reverted him i left him a vandalismv warning he has only made one vandalistic edit since then i havent actually read the article and i dont understand the edit and i dont know what the v a n d a l i s m is but im sure its there even if im mistaken in my judgement as to it being vanadlism he has also violated 3rr on the article it appears he has also made several personal attacks even after his final warning 137138139140 many of his attacks seem to be the reposting of a single attack that has been removed wildnoxtalk so its not so much that hes done multiple things as one single thing but im simple enough that this distinction escapes me 
0.13220449
vandalism

:: as for kuru , he/she apparently can't read either . maybe somebody should look at the edits in question before launching into arias about nonsense , attacks and various other hyperbole .
0.14904697
as for kuru heshe apparently cant read either maybe somebody should look at the edits in question before launching into arias about nosnense attacks and various other hyperbole 
0.11140063
nonsense

which smc / bmc is being referred to ? should link to the correct one , not a list
0.020427166
which msc bmc is being referred to should link to the correct one not a list 
0.018360643
smc

the article brinton parker has been speedily deleted from wikipedia . this was done because the article seemed to be about a person , group of people , band , club , company , or web content , but it did not indicate how or why the subject is notable , that is , why an article about that subject should be included in wikipedia . under the criteria for speedy deletion , articles that do not assert notability may be deleted at any time . if you can indicate why the subject is really notable , you are free to re-create the article , making sure to cite any verifiable sources . please see the guidelines for what is generally accepted as notable , and for specific types of articles , you may want to check out our criteria for biographies , for web sites , for bands , or for companies . feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this .
0.008035965
the article brinton parker ahs been speedily deleted from wikipedia this was done because the article seemed to be about a person group of people band club company or web content but it did not indicate how or why the subject is notable that is why an article about that subject should be included in wikipedia under the criteria for speedy deletion articles that do not assert notability may be deleted at any time if you can indicate why the subject is really notable you are free to recreate the article making sure to cite any verifiable sources please see the guidelines for what is generally accepted as notable and for specific types of articles you may want to check out our criteria for biographies for web sites for bands or for companies feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this 
0.008002953
has

a tag has been placed on eric d . williams , requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia . this has been done because the article seems to be about a person , group of people , band , club , company , or web content , but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable , that is , why an article about that subject should be included in wikipedia . under the criteria for speedy deletion , articles that do not assert notability may be deleted at any time . please see the guidelines for what is generally accepted as notable , and if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable , you may contest the tagging . to do this , add on the top of the page ( below the existing db tag ) and leave a note on the article's talk page explaining your position . please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself , but don't hesitate to add information to the article that would confirm its subject's notability under the guidelines . for guidelines on specific types of articles , you may want to check out our criteria for biographies , for web sites , for bands , or for companies . feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this .
0.009955487
a tag hus been placed on eric d williams requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia this ahs been done because the article seems to be about a person group of people band club company or web content but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable that is why an article about that subject should be included in wikipedia under the criteria for speedy deletion articles that do not assert notability may be deleted at any time please see the guidelines for what is generally accepted as notable and if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable you may contest the tagging to do this add on the top of the page below the existing db tag and leave a note on the articles talk page explaining your position please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself but dont hesitate to add information to the article that would confirm its subjects notability under the guidelines for guidelines on specific types of articles you may want to check out our criteria for biographies for web sites for bands or for companies feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this 
0.008867918
has

{| style = background-color : #f5fffa ; padding : 0 ; cellpadding = 0 |class = mainpagebg style = border : 1px solid lightgrey ; background-color : lightgrey ; vertical-align : top ; color : #000000 ; font-size : 85% | {| width = 100% cellpadding = 0 cellspacing = 5 style = vertical-align : top ; background-color : lavender ; padding : 0 ; ! hello ruthlessskater83 ! welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for . you may benefit from following some of the links below , which will help you get the most out of wikipedia . if you have any questions you can ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and ask your question there . please remember to sign your name on talk pages by clicking or by typing four tildes ~~~~ ; this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you are already loving wikipedia you might want to consider being adopted by a more experienced editor or joining a wikiproject to collaborate with others in creating and improving articles of your interest . click here for a directory of all the wikiprojects . finally , please do your best to always fill in the edit summary field . happy editing ! |} {| width = 100% style = background-color : white ; |class = mainpagebg style = width : 55% ; border : 1px solid white ; background-color : lightgrey ; vertical-align : top | {| width = 100% cellpadding = 0 cellspacing = 5 style = vertical-align : top ; background-color : lavender ! getting started |- |style = color : #000 | * wikipedia tutorial • the five pillars of wikipedia * how to : edit a page • upload an image |- ! getting help |- | style = color : #000 | * frequently asked questions * where to ask questions or make comments * request administrator attention |- ! policies and guidelines |- | style = color : #000 | * neutral point of view • reliable sources * verifiability • citing sources • no original research * what wikipedia is not • biographies of living persons * manual of style • three-revert rule • sock puppetry * copyrights • fair use • image use policy * external links • spam • vandalism * deletion policy • conflict of interest • notability |- |} |class = mainpagebg style = width : 55% ; border : 1px solid lightgrey ; background-color : seashell ; vertical-align : top | {| width = 100% cellpadding = 0 cellspacing = 5 style = vertical-align : top ; background-color : seashell ! the community |- |style = color : #000 | * community portal • [[ wikipedia : ado
0.058938563
style backgroundcolor f5fffa padding 0 cellpadding 0 class mainpagebg style border 1px solid lightgrey backgroundcolor lightgrey verticalalign top color 000000 fontsize 85 width 100 cellpadding 0 cellspacing 5 style verticalalign top backgroundcolor lavender padding 0 hello ruthlessskater83 welcome to wikipedia thank you for you may benefit from following some of the links below which will help you get the most out of wikipedia if you have any questions you can ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and ask your question there please remember to sign your name on talk pages by clicking or by typing four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you are already loving wikipedia you might want to consider being adopted by a more experienced editor or joining a wikiproject to collaborate with others in creating and improving articles of your interest click here for a directory of all the wikiprojects finally please do your best to always fill in the edit summary field happy editing width 100 style backgroundcolor white class mainpagebg style width 55 border 1px solid white backgroundcolor lightgrey verticalalign top width 100 cellpadding 0 cellspacing 5 style verticalalign top backgroundcolor lavender getting started style color 000 wikipedia tutorial • the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page • upload an image getting help style color 000 frequently asked questions where to ask questions or make comments request administrator attention policies and guidelines style color 000 neutral point of view • reliable sources verifiability • citing sources • no original research what wikipedia is not • biographies of living persons manual of style • threerevert rule • osck puppetry copyrights • fair use • image use policy external links • spam • vandalism deletion policy • conflict of interest • notability class mainpagebg style width 55 border 1px solid lightgrey backgroundcolor seashell verticalalign top width 100 cellpadding 0 cellspacing 5 style verticalalign top backgroundcolor seashell the community style color 000 community portal • wikipedia ado 
0.022884514
sock

... islam is a racist and intolerant religion - it is anti-semetic and is oppressive to women everywhere - in effect you state that i am racist for not tolerating a racist and intolerant religion ... interesting leftist thinking ... middle eastern leaders have stated that australain women deserve to be raped by ' street cats ' - cleary stating middle eastern men like animals who rape - in that context middle eastern men raped a young australian girl and stated , ' you deserve to be raped because you are an australian ' ... think about that ... in islam an infidel may be killed because he is an infidel ... if hitler were a prophet of a religion , would it also be racist to hate nazism ... just because islam is a religion makes it no less racist and violent than nazism . : i am no more racist than a black man in southern us who hates the kkk ... you don't even know that you have no sense - islam and the middle eastern animals on the streets of our society hate you - you fucken idiot - every australian infidel is like a black man in the southern us who is hated by the kkk ...
0.90992254
islam is a racist and intolerant religion it is antisemetic and is oppressive to women everywhere in effect you state that i am racist for not tolerating a racist and intolerant religion interesting leftist thinking middle eastern leaders have stated that australain women deserve to be raped by street cats cleary stating middle eastern men like animals who rape in that context middle eastern men raped a young australian girl and stated you deserve to be raped because you are an australian think about that in islam an infidel may be killed because he is an infidel if hitler were a prophet of a religion would it also be racist to hate nazism just because islam is a religion makes it no less racist and violent than nazism i am no more racist than a black man in southern us who hates the kkk you dont even know that you have no sense islam and the middle eastern animals on the streets of our society hate you you ufcken idiot every australian infidel is like a black man in the southern us who is hated by the kkk 
0.83032686
fucken

= = matuška vs matuska = = in english language , there is no Š . even waldemars drivers license says matuska , hence matuška is not proper name for article in english language . what is so hard to undertand ? pmp
0.12659714
matuška vs matuska in english language there is no Š even waldemars drivers license says matuska hence matuška is not proper name for article in english language what is so hard to underatnd pmp 
0.095513046
undertand

= = image = = * a gdfl image would be great !
0.03385072
image a gdfl image would eb great 
0.005838195
be

mmm , i think you will need css : indented from pre block indented from margin and indented again
0.045699287
mmm i think you will need css indented from pre blokc indented from margin and indented again 
0.04456903
block

= = thanks = = thanks for the advice . its better to be banned by speaking the bitter truth than being abused by so cheap people . but anyway , i would keep this qalenderanna thinking to myself . d
0.15894422
thanks thanks for the advice its better to be banned by speaking the bitter truth than being abused by so cheap pepole but anyway i would keep this qalenderanna thinking to myself d 
0.117977366
people

this was the best bit folks - i'm the victim of harassment and somehow i get a block ? thanks for doing your best to alienate someone who was just trying to improve a handful of articles , and now thinks wikipedia has fallen off the cliff on it's way to being barely a footnote to history . i think i'll ask for my donation back now as well .
0.080771446
this was the best bit folks im the victim of harasmsent and somehow i get a block thanks for doing your best to alienate someone who was just trying to improve a handful of articles and now thinks wikipedia has fallen off the cliff on its way to being barely a footnote to history i think ill ask for my donation back now as well 
0.080755144
harassment

= = sockpuppetry case = = {| align = left || |} you have been accused of sockpuppetry . please refer to wikipedia : suspected sock puppets/mel_etitis for evidence . please make sure you make yourself familiar with notes for the suspect before editing the evidence page . -email
0.15842238
sockpuppetry case align left you have been accused of sockpuppetry please refer to wikipedia suspected scok puppetsmeletitis for evidence please make sure you make yourself familiar with notes for the suspect before editing the evidence page email 
0.13856713
sock

: my response : wikipedia : suspected sock puppets/mel etitis -email
0.25067493
my response wikipedia suspected sokc puppetsmel etitis email 
0.06003623
sock

= = suicides = = just looking at this article make me want to commit suicide .
0.6801912
suicides just looking at this article make me want to commti suicide 
0.6215958
commit

= = your edit to talk : china . = = please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , }} you will be blocked from editing wikipedia . · ·
0.14746632
your edit to talk china please stop if you continue to avndalize pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia · · 
0.10573847
vandalize

= = regarding you being an asshole = = go fuck your mother .
0.98652434
regarding you being an asshole go fcuk your mother 
0.9796338
fuck

= = list of british flags = = very few things are official in british law . english is not even the official language of the uk , god ssve the queen is not the official anthem , and the union jack is not the official flag . the ni flag is not historical as in a de facto sense ( as is clearly stated over and over again , which is not actually necessary to state imo ) it is in present use . report me if you wish , but i do not see anything uncivil in my edit summary . i'm afraid all i have stated is the truth behind your little game .
0.10816531
list of british flags very few things are official in british law english is not even the official language of the uk god ssve the queen is not the official anthem and the union jack is not the official flag the ni flag is not historical as in a de facto sense as is clearly stated over and over again which is not actually necessary to state imo it is in present use report me if you wish but i do not see anything unciivl in my edit summary im afraid all i have stated is the truth behind your little game 
0.06528463
uncivil

partially correct - the union flag is the de facto national flag and
0.014789012
partially correct the union flag si the de facto national flag and 
0.010966572
is

* because some dick insists that ned holness doesn't have german blood .
0.7176613
because some idck insists that ned holness doesnt have german blood 
0.36835185
dick

