= = camille paglia = = catamorphism , i don't know who the hell you are and i don't care . camille paglia is not a sex-positive feminist ?????? are you fucking nuts ?? do you know anything at all about her or what you are talking about ?? before you maliciously vandalize this article again with your bigotry and arrogance , maybe you should do some research on the subject . and if you take her name out of the article again , i will simply reverse your action !!!! two can play your game ! wikipedia will not be held hostage to cretins like you who need to distort and deny plain facts to suit your own orwellian agendas !!!!
0.9128413
camille paglia catamorphism i dont know who the hell you arl and i dont care camille paglia is not a sexpositive feminist ae you fucking nuts do you know anything at all about her or what you rae talking about before you maliciously vandalize this article again with your bigotry and arrogance maybe you should do some research on the subject and if you take her name out of the article again i will simply reverse your action two can play your game wikipedia will not be held hostage to cretins like you who need to distort and deny plain facts to suit your own orwellian agendas 
0.89483297
are

= = illiterate much you rapist ! = = please stop misusing the term spam . spam means this : the definition of spam is unsolicited bulk email ( ube ) . spamhaus does not distinguish between legal or illegal spam . no spam is acceptable to us or the users of the spamhaus block lists . -from http://www.spamhaus.org/faq/answers.lasso?section=legal%20questions you are calling anything that you do not like spam this is illiterate , confusing and not proper english . anyone can misuse words for their own benefit . can we please use words as they are defined . since i do not have your email address you must be mistaken or simply trying to distort my actions . do not try to censor my posts with lies and distortions .
0.514126
illiterate much you rpaist please stop misusing the term spam spam means this the definition of spam is unsolicited bulk email ube spamhaus does not distinguish between legal or illegal spam no spam is acceptable to us or the users of the spamhaus block lists from httpwwwspamhausorgfaqanswerslassosectionlegal20questions you are calling anything that you do not like spam this is illiterate confusing and not proper english anyone can misuse words for their own benefit can we please use words as they are defined since i do not have your email address you must be mistaken or simply trying to distort my actions do not try to censor my posts with lies and distortions 
0.28367937
rapist

hey , your response to my statements in the discussion page for the montreal expos was obnoxious . apologize .
0.20801109
hey your response to my statements in the discussion page for the montreal expos was obonxious apologize 
0.03963182
obnoxious

( utc ) i am unsure about thefactual accuracy of the above . i live in australia and study unit 2 biology and we have only ever spelt foetus as foetus . i believe this would be the correct way as in unit 2 biology we would not be taught anything which is scientifically/medically incorrect . shall investigate further . 09:54 , 17 july 2006
0.023948584
utc i am unsure about thefactual accuracy of the above i live in australia and study unit 2 biology and we have only ever spelt foeus as ofetus i believe this would be the correct way as in unit 2 biology we would not be taught anything which is scientificallymedically incorrect shall investigate further 0954 17 july 2006 
0.019375945
foetus

= = rfc for spoiler tags = = i thought you might like an update on the status of the spoiler tag discussion . it's been moved to this rfc . take care .
0.03402271
rfc for spoiler tags i thought you might like an update on the status of the spoiler tag discussion its been moved to this rfc take acre 
0.010619424
care

= = upskirting = = i enjoy looking up women's skirts .
0.27296358
puskirting i enjoy looking up womens skirts 
0.19626926
upskirting

: please be more observant . there is already aheading on my talk page about me harassing mongo . do not duplicate good faith or bad faith warnings on my talk page . i am striking through this one , since it duplicates another warning , even going so far as to duplicate the first warning's failure to take into account wp : agf and my attempts to explain myself . do not do this again , bishonen .
0.22006641
please be more observant there is already aheading on my talk page about me ahrassing mongo do not duplicate good faith or bad faith warnings on my talk page i am striking through this one since it duplicates another warning even going so far as to duplicate the first warnings failure to take into account wp agf and my attempts to explain myself do not do this again bishonen 
0.19524057
harassing

= = camille paglia : sex-positive feminist = = here are the supporting links you asked for , you stupid twit ! http://www.lotl.com/content/paglia.htm http://www.reference.com/browse/wiki/sex-positive_feminism if you are too lazy and full of yourself to read them in their entirety then i will just post the relevant sections here : camille paglia : on the other hand i’ve been saying in public for five years ago , as someone who’s endorsed prostitutes and strippers and that whole extreme of sex-positive experience , that i’m concerned about the effect on young people – people growing up from 8 , 10 , 14 in a climate where it’s gone to the opposite direction . i’m already out there concerned about this so i’m really outraged to be stereotyped in that way by her because i am a career teacher and yes , when you have a situation where commercialised sex is being pushed without a true eroticism…i’ve been saying this for years , that we have got to a point of meaningless exhibitionism without real eroticism . i’m for eroticism . camille paglia is a major american social critic . paglia's academic writing focuses on the role of vibrant dangerous sexuality in human history . paglia's key importance to sex-positive feminism is not only her writings on sex , but her advocacy of traditional values like canon texts . paglia is somewhat of an intellectual enigma , a conservative and academic feminist , who revels in low and high culture alike and celebrates sexualities disapproved of by mainstream western culture . paglia has , in many ways , presented a respectable face for pro-sex feminism to the world at large .
0.44310075
camille paglia sexpositive feminist here are the supporting links you asked for you stpuid twit httpwwwlotlcomcontentpagliahtm httpwwwreferencecombrowsewikisexpositivefeminism if you are too lazy and full of yourself to read them in their entirety then i will just post the relevant sections here camille paglia on the other hand i’ve been saying in public for five years ago as someone who’s endorsed prostitutes and strippers and that whole extreme of sexpositive experience that i’m concerned about the effect on young people – people growing up from 8 10 14 in a climate where it’s gone to the opposite direction i’m already out there concerned about this so i’m really outraged to be stereotyped in that way by her because i am a career teacher and yes when you have a situation where commercialised sex is being pushed without a true eroticism…i’ve been saying this for years that we have got to a point of meaningless exhibitionism without real eroticism i’m for eroticism camille paglia is a major american social critic paglias academic writing focuses on the role of vibrant dangerous sexuality in human history paglias key importance to sexpositive feminism is not only her writings on sex but her advocacy of traditional values like canon texts paglia is somewhat of an intellectual enigma a conservative and academic feminist who revels in low and high culture alike and celebrates sexualities disapproved of by mainstream western culture paglia has in many ways presented a respectable face for prosex feminism to the world at large 
0.19002084
stupid

response interestingly , although scienceopologist has admittedly never read and understood what langan says about particular subjects related to the ctmu ( since he sees no reason for it ) , he nevertheless presumes to include his irrelevant personal opinions about what langan believes about particular subjects related to the ctmu . as anyone familiar with the controversy is well aware , no id proponent has a theory identical or even similar to evolutionist langan's . ( if one does , we'd need verification for that , preferably by some one who has actually read langan's work . ) regarding guilt by association : immanuel velikovsky was associated with einstein through voluminous correspondence . are we therefore to note that einstein was associated with people now widely regarded as cranks , and that his theories need to be reconsidered in this light ? i think not .
0.025335269
response interestingly although scienceopologist has admittedly never read and understood what langan says about particular subjects related to the ctmu since he sees no reason for it he nevertheless presumes to include his irerlevant personal opinions about what langan believes about particular subjects related to the ctmu as anyone familiar with the controversy is well aware no id proponent has a theory identical or even similar to evolutionist langans if one does wed need verification for that preferably by some one who has actually read langans work regarding guilt by association immanuel velikovsky was associated with einstein through voluminous correspondence are we therefore to note that einstein was associated with people now widely regarded as cranks and that his theories need to be reconsidered in this light i think not 
0.021721153
irrelevant

= = need your support = = hey , you have been quite active in editing the nagpur article . so , go to the discussion page and give your support for nominating nagpur for the indian collaboration for this week .
0.03958644
need your support hey you have been quite active in editing the nagpur article so og to the discussion page and give your support for nominating nagpur for the indian collaboration for this week 
0.023675034
go

= = thanks ! = = hi , just wanted to say thanks for reverting the vandalism to my user page . )
0.08856665
thanks hi just wanted to say thanks for reverting the vadnalism to my user page 
0.015768502
vandalism

! go interfere with someone else!'''
0.23860814
og interfere with someone else 
0.086760685
go

= = mary poppins should be there = = before i begin i would like to say that i am searching for citation that is needed for aladdin to be included in the list . anyway i believe mary poppins should be in it's list because it's like beauty and the beast , the only one under its genre to be nominated for best picture in the academy awards , its genre is human actors interacting with cartoon characters , yes the interaction was only like for 15 minutes but still they interacted with cartoon characters and puts it in the same genre as who framed rogerr rabit or space jam .
0.021809964
mary poppins should be there before i begin i would like to say that i am searching for citation that si needed for aladdin to be included in the list anyway i believe mary poppins should be in its list because its like beauty and the beast the only one under its genre to be nominated for best picture in the academy awards its genre si human actors interacting with cartoon characters yes the interaction was only like for 15 minutes but still they interacted with cartoon characters and puts it in the same genre as who framed rogerr rabit or space jam 
0.017481698
is

:::: eurovision is a high key international event ? don't think so , lordi was barely mentioned in the news and there was the odd reference in tv shows at the time but the thing pretty much blew over by the end of that week
0.030618755
eurovision is a high key international event dont think so lordi was barely mentioned in the news and there was the odd reference in tv shows at the time but the thing pretty much lbew over by the end of that week 
0.024174083
blew

please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to i like to move it . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . if you feel that the edit i reverted should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.13215543
please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia as you did to i like to move it it is considered vnadalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox if you feel that the edit i reverted should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.12648733
vandalism

so brosnan gets his agent to put out some fake birth certificate to make people think he isn't too old to keep playing bond ? wow , what hard evidience . and yes , i have been to the national records office in london where i looked brosnan up - and he was born in 1951 . not surprising that he lied about his age , so did lazenby ( born 1933 , claimed 1939 ) and dalton ( born 1944 , claimed 1946 ) .
0.09229105
so brosnan gets his agent to put out some faek birth certificate to make people think he isnt too old to keep playing bond wow what hard evidience and yes i have been to the national records office in london where i looked brosnan up and he was born in 1951 not surprising that he lied about his age so did lazenby born 1933 claimed 1939 and dalton born 1944 claimed 1946 
0.040070325
fake

:: hi sandeep - whatever issues aryan818 may have , you must definitely not take the same path . please go through wp : npa and wp : civil . i don't think you should speak of the rss as idiots or accuse somebody of being racist . if his comments are prejudiced , he's already been reprimanded for that .
0.34721145
hi sandeep whatever issues aryan818 may have you must definitely not take the same path please go through wp npa and wp civil i dont think you should speak of the rss as idoits or accuse somebody of being racist if his comments are prejudiced hes already been reprimanded for that 
0.27979505
idiots

