= = = = i've added the {{ prod }} template to your user page () , suggesting that it be deleted according to the proposed deletion process . i've explained why in the deletion notice ( see also what wikipedia is not and wikipedia's deletion policy ) . please note that the purpose of a user page is not as personal homepage or wikipedia is not a general hosting service , but as way for active editors of wikipedia to introduce themselves to other editors . if you disagree with the notice , discuss the issues here or on my user talk page . you may remove the deletion notice , and the page will not be deleted for the moment , but note that it may still be sent to miscellany for deletion , where it may be deleted if consensus to delete is reached , or if it matches any of the speedy deletion criteria . |
0.022118079
ive added the prod template to your user page suggesting that it eb deleted according to the proposed deletion process ive explained why in the deletion notice see also what wikipedia is not and wikipedias deletion policy please note that the purpose of a user page is not as personal homepage or wikipedia is not a general hosting service but as way for active editors of wikipedia to introduce themselves to other editors if you disagree with the notice discuss the issues here or on my user talk page you may remove the deletion notice and the page will not b e deleted for the moment but note that it may still oe sent to miscellany for deletion where it may eb deleted if consensus to delete is reached or if it matches any of the speedy deletion criteria 
0.018385854
be

isn't there a soft blcok that would require the offender to register as an editor ? not sure if that would deter them , but it tie the ip to a specific user and then it wouldn't be hard to contact school and inform them of what was going on and monitor computer useage . this person wouldn't hard to catch in the act or chase down with an it savvy person on that end .
0.06739078
isnt there a soft blcok that would require the offender to register as an editor not sure if that would edter them but it tie the ip to a specific user and then it wouldnt be hard to contact school and inform them of what was going on and monitor computer useage this person wouldnt hard to catch in the act or chase down with an it savvy person on that end 
0.05827649
deter

please stop vandalizing please do not add nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.16928822
please stop vandalizing please do not add nonsenes to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.12718257
nonsense

hi devan , i only said that as your tone seems provocative at times especially when you use phrases such as ummm yeh or just blatantly deride someone elses edit as convoluted or ridiculous . i hope you understand and help contribute to the articles here . regards , (]] )
0.23680504
hi devan i only said that as your tone seems provocative at times especially when you use phrases such as ummm yeh or just blatantly deride someone elses edit as convoluted or irdiculous i hope you understand and help contribute to the articles here regards 
0.07252344
ridiculous

= = magically happy ending ? = = i thought it was rather sinister . he could seemingly replace and forget about the eponymous red balloon - which followed him for days , and which he obviously became extremely attached to - with a load of other balloons . perhaps it's a little critique on how easily children form and break bonds ? w0lfman
0.07677418
magically happy ending i thought it was rather siinster he could seemingly replace and forget about the eponymous red balloon which followed him for days and which he obviously became extremely attached to with a load of other balloons perhaps its a little critique on how easily children form and break bonds w0lfman 
0.039818272
sinister

would definitely work better with you pugidsound the rat king
0.6250165
would definitely work better with you pugidsound the art king 
0.11071318
rat

amanda : if you want to see controversial , try the articles dealing with the bible ! but anyway , the way to go about editing is to begin by creating totally new sections to del with areas of the main subject that so far aren't represented in the article . adding is far less likely to step on toes than subtracting . other editors will judge the quality of your work and you'll gain acceptance as one of the team . then when you've established your credibility , try re-organising existing material - amalgamate material that deals with the same subject but might appear in different sections , shorten paragraphs and improve syntax , and so on - but always trying not to delete more than is essential , and trying also to retain wikilinks . finally , suggest deletion of any material you think is irrelevant or otherwise doesn't belong - this is where you'll probably find you have to compromise the most . as i said befoer , i have no books and no access to books , and so can't help you with drafting , but i do want to see leo improved and i'll certainly help with editing .
0.02625788
amanda if you want to see controversial try the articles dealing with the bible but anyway the way to go about editing is to begin by creating totally new secti ns to del with areas of the main subject that so far arent represented in the article adding is far less likely to step on toes than subtracting other editors will judge the quality of your work and youll gain acceptance as one of the team then when youve established your credibility try reorganising existing material amalgamate material that deals with the same subject but might appear in different sectoins shorten paragraphs and improve syntax and so on but always trying not to delete more than is essential and trying also to retain wikilinks finally suggest deletion of any material you think is irrelevant or otherwise doesnt belong this is where youll probably find you have to compromise the most as i said befoer i have no books and no access to books and so cant help you with drafting but i do want to see leo improved and ill certainly help with editing 
0.020873727
sections

my main argument is not that after the fall of the assyrian empire , assyrians were completely wiped out , this rateher sounds very similar to your friend chaldean's previous argument where he said , chaldeans assumalated into arabs and persians . before you put words in claiming that i have stated and make fun of them , you should look at your fellow assyrians arguments about chaldeans . cause this doesnt make me look stupid , it just you who prove that your friend chaldean isnt as clever as he believe he is . about these farming areas , if they were so large and so productive , dont you believe that that the foreign nations would have taken a lot of interest in these places and made sure that they put in heavy taxes or made sure they had total control and taken out the inhabitants of the area , and about my few spelling errors , let us have this debate in the language i have studied most , norwegian , and then we will see if i am a professor or not .
0.30423012
my main argument is not that after the fall of the assyrian empire assyrians were completely wiped out this rateher sounds very similar to your friend chaldeans previous argument where he said chaldeans assumalated into arabs and persians before you put words in claiming that i have stated and make fun of them you should look at your fellow assyrians arguments about chaldeans cause this doesnt make me look stpuid it just you who prove that your friend chaldean isnt as clever as he believe he is about these farming areas if they were so large and so productive dont you believe that that the foreign nations would have taken a lot of interest in these places and made sure that they put in heavy taxes or made sure they had total control and taken out the inhabitants of the area and about my few spelling errors let us have this debate in the language i have studied most norwegian and then we will see if i am a professor or not 
0.06550029
stupid

don't just strike incorrect information as you did in flash fiction . delete it , you moron .
0.8140139
dont just strike incorrect information as you did in flash fiction delete it you omron 
0.41143966
moron

your edit to 30 days of night ( film ) i've re-added the quote , but i've expanded on information from that particular citation , such as the director saying that ben templesmith's illustrations would be reflected in production design , and liking nelson's draft the best of the three . does this work better ? — • -
0.00357271
your edit to 30 dasy of night film ive readded the quote but ive expanded on information from that particular citation such as the director saying that ben templesmiths illustrations would be reflected in production design and liking nelsons draft the best of the three does this work better — • 
0.003411248
days

= = pr = = two sections of this article — charity and treatment of laboratory animals — are blatant corporate spin , probably added by covance itself . if no one objects in the next few days i will delete them . –
0.03373062
pr two sections of this article — charity and treatment of laboratory animals — are blatnat corporate spin probably added by covance itself if no one objects in the next few days i will delete them – 
0.013136414
blatant

, and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are some pages that you might find helpful : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and ask your question there . again , welcome !
0.009087935
and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here aer some pages that you might find helpful the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and ask your question there again welcome 
0.006420092
are

: do you really think that joshuaz might consider you a troll ? as for me , i don't know if you are a troll . the definition is vague and admitted to be difficult . it says early on that a troll is someone who deliberately and intentionally attempts to disrupt , and part of the problem is that it is difficult to determine intentions , but i don't believe that raspor intended to disrupt , so by that definition i don't even believe that raspor was a troll , let alone you .
0.34800375
do you really think that joshuaz might consider you a eroll as for me i dont know if you are a tlroll the definition is vague and admitted to be difficult it says early on that a trlol is someone who deliberately and intentionally attempts to disrupt and part of the problem is that it is difficult to determine intentions but i dont believe that raspor intended to disrupt so by that definition i dont even believe that raspor was a rtoll let alone you 
0.21141562
troll

