, 29 december 2006 ( utc ) = = possible open proxy = = appears on at least one major spam blacklist : * cbl : http://cbl.abuseat.org/lookup.cgi?ip=59.93.118.58 09:42
0.033770278
29 december 2006 utc possible open proxy appears on at least one major sapm blacklist cbl httpcblabuseatorglookupcgiip599311858 0942 
0.019234274
spam

= = i tried to do this weeks ago = = but i didn't read the instructions ! congratulations ! you have been nominated for a wikihalo award . the details of your nomination can be found here . if you accept or decline the nomination , then please express this in the space provided on the page . : good luck ! aka ninaeliza
0.02380462
i tried to do this weeks ago but i didnt read the instructions congratulations you have been nominated for a wikihalo award the details of your nomination can eb found here if you accept or decline the nomination then please express this in the space provided on the page good luck aka ninaeliza 
0.020176781
be

:: why ? it just took me 25 seconds to load it . you should consider those of us who don't have the benefit of broadband . 308 kilobytes is a bit much . —
0.021900794
why it just took me 25 seconds to laod it you should consider those of us who dont have the benefit of broadband 308 kilobytes is a bit much — 
0.012180488
load

= = comment on implementations = = there is 3rd common way of implementing deques and that is as an array of pointers to fixed sized pages of the elements ( usually a power of 2 , even 1 element ) the advantage of this scheme is that if new elements are inserted at the front or end of the deque , pages containing elements in the middle of the deque need not be disturbed . nearly all the c++ vendor implement in this fashion . note also : the c++ deque cannot be implemented using an array . there is a requirement that references to elements in the middle of a deque remain valid if only the only thing done to the deque is add new elements at either end . an array implementation would fail when the array needs to be reallocated .
0.059442706
comment on implementations there is 3rd common way of implementing deques and that is as an array of pointers to fixed sized pages of the elements usually a power of 2 even 1 element the advantage of this scheme is that if new elements are inserted at the front or end of the deque pages containing elements in the middle of the deque need not be distubred nearly all the c vendor implement in this fashion note also the c deque cannot be implemented using an array there is a requirement that references to elements in the middle of a deque remain valid if only the only thing done to the deque is add new elements at either end an array implementation would fail when the array needs to be reallocated 
0.021801835
disturbed

= = your edits to westboro baptist church = = welcome ! hello kniget , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . unfortunately , one or more of your edits have not conformed to wikipedia's neutral point of view policy , and have been reverted . wikipedia articles should refer only to facts and interpretations that have been stated in print or on reputable websites or other forms of media . there's a page about the npov policy that has tips on how to effectively write about disparate points of view without compromising the npov status of the article as a whole . if you are stuck , and looking for help , please come to the new contributors ' help page , where experienced wikipedians can answer any queries you have ! or , you can just type {{ helpme }} on your user page , and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . here are a few other good links for newcomers : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you have any questions , check out wikipedia : where to ask a question or ask me on my talk page . again , welcome !
0.017806891
your edits to westboro baptist churhc welcome hello kniget and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay unfortunately one or more of your edits have not conformed to wikipedias neutral point of view policy and have been reverted wikipedia articles should refer only to facts and interpretations that have been stated in print or on reputable websites or other forms of media theres a page about the npov policy that has tips on how to effectively write about disparate points of view without compromising the npov status of the article as a whole if you are stuck and looking for help please come to the new contributors help page where experienced wikipedians can answer any queries you have or you can just type helpme on your user page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions here are a few other good links for newcomers the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you have any questions check out wikipedia where to ask a question or ask me on my talk page again welcome 
0.011192286
church

= = talk : marriage = = thanks for your help at talk : marriage . there will probably be a request for binding mediation in a couple days or sooner , so if you're burnt out with the discussion now , what you've already said will be considered by disinterested editors then . hopefully a npov article will result . i haven't responded to all your points but i've taken them all in . =) — —
0.08703497
talk marriage thanks for your help at talk marriage there will probably be a request for binding mediation in a couple days or sooner so if youre bunrt out with the discussion now what youve already said will be considered by disinterested editors then hopefully a npov article will result i havent responded to all your points but ive taken them all in — — 
0.01838838
burnt

they also encountered sieges with ninja and the legends guild . sooner , the guild held some internal problems within their guild masters . algie argued with p a o l o , issues on who's gonna be the first one to handle the agit . algie ' s breakers are slow and weak , while p a o l o's breakers are good enough to break an emp , and so , they are always the one whom breaks the emperiums . algie had the grudge for this reality , and so , he accused team p a o l o's guild to be selfish ... sas nigel and p a o l o , being accused of something they didnt do , break their guild and form a new one , named random . random as what they've named the group , they also did with the gm . almond16 , a skillful wizard then became as the guildmaster . but unfortunately , almond16 lacks leadership and eagerness to attack an agit . his guildmates always come before him in the agit . he sometimes also shock and frighthened on what to do next , lacks command responsibility .. this again triggers for a breakup for the guild . and so , the evolution of a new guild arises , asher . asher the last evolution of sas nigel's perseverance to create a guild . the guild's name is orginally derived from their first born baby , named angelo asher ancheta . the baby is the source of all strength and power of the couple , and so naming for it in a guild is a good one .. asher is composed of all star-break away guildmembers . one of it was demonyita ~ , [ bs]blackmith , milennia of bad boys , rikku9 , ... ommi ..., † warden † of majesty , and the rest of bandits members . this members have one thing in common , their school , except for ommi studying at polytechnic university of the philippines . demonyita ~ is being recruited by p a o l o in an event , wherein he finds autogame cybershop home . being fascinated with the idea of having one guild shop gives demonyita ~ the wit to have an extension guild for asher . asher : first rpc asher , being a beginner guild for the rpc , tied up its allegiance with the tyrants .. the tyrants alliance is composed of majesty , dynasty , ninja , wadab , asher and macworld clan .
0.14331786
they also encountered sieges with ninja and the legends guild sooner the guild held some internal problems within their guild masters algie argued with p a o l o issues on whos gonna be the first one to handle the agit algie s breakers are slow and weak while p a o l os breakers are good enough to break an emp and so they are always the one whom breaks the emperiums algie had the grudge for this reality and so he accused team p a o l os guild to be selfish sas nigel and p a o l o being accused of something they didnt do break their guild and form a new one named random random as what theyve named the group they also did with the gm almond16 a skillful wizard then became as the guildmaster but unfortunately almond16 lacks leadership and eagerness to attack an agit his guildmates always come before him in the agit he sometimes also shock and frighthened on what to do next lacks command responsibility this again triggers for a breakup for the guild and so the evolution of a new guild arises asher asher the last evolution of sas nigels perseverance to create a guild the guilds name irs orginally derived from their first born baby named angelo asher ancheta the baby ins the source of all strength and power of the couple and so naming for it in a guild si a good one asher i s composed of all starbreak away guildmembers one of it was demonyita bsblackmith milennia of bad boys rikku9 ommi † warden † of majesty and the rest of bandits members this members have one thing in common their school except for ommi studying at polytechnic university of the philippines demonyita si being recruited by p a o l o in an event wherein he finds autogame cybershop home being fascinated with the idea of having one guild shop gives demonyita the wit to have an extension guild for asher asher first rpc asher being a beginner guild for the rpc tied up its allegiance with the tyrants the tyrants alliance si composed of majesty dynasty ninja wadab asher and macworld clan 
0.09733407
is

= = what about use in other langueges ? = = what about use in other langueges , i.e. in chinese ?
0.07961284
what about use in other langueges what about use in other langueges ie in chinsee 
0.0777509
chinese

-because it was put here by an asshole ...
0.92046326
because it was ptu here by an asshole 
0.9183926
put

::: to back up the above , chomsky believes that people are responsible for their own actions and is not a marxist and so would not have backed the kr who do not appear to have been marxist . blum is not at all supportive of the kr in killing hope or rogue state , the two books of his that i have actually read . i have a feeling that people let their anti-socialist and anti-communist feelings get in the way of the facts . why are we even talking about such things ( chomsky and herman , farc , sendero luminosa ) on the edit page of william blum ? a note on sendero luminosa and the farc : under a brutal regime , the opposition to such a regime will sometimes be brutal this is not to say that people are not responsible for their actions , it is only to contextualise events .
0.10440664
to back up the above chomsky believes that people are responsible for their own actions and is not a marxist and so would not have backed the kr who do not appear to have been marxist blum is not at all supportive of the kr in killing hope or rogue state the two books of his that i have actually read i have a feeling that people let their antisocialist and anticommunist feelings get in the way of the facts why are we even talking about such things chomsky and herman farc sendero luminosa on the edit page of william blum a note on sendero luminosa and the farc under a brutaj regime the opposition to such a regime will sometimes be brutla this is not to say that people are not responsible for their actions it is only to contextualise events 
0.10074782
brutal

: no , that had nothing to do with it . = = name = = should't this article be names rosey and the hurricane ? that is how they were always referred to .
0.0476758
no that had onthing to do with it name shouldt this article be names rosey and the hurricane that is how they were always referred to 
0.034119066
nothing

: specifically , the quote is did it reveal that they were anti-semitic ? perhaps . but maybe it just revealed that they were indifferent to anti-semitism . the entire modus operandi section reads like ( poorly written ) opinion , by the way .
0.13148677
specifically the quote is did it reveal that they were antisemitic perhaps but maybe it just revealed that they were indifferent to antisemitism the entire modus operandi section reads like poorly rwitten opinion by the way 
0.1302381
written

= = naturalistic fallacy = = the term naturalistic fallacy came from moore , although the is-ought problem came from hume . i'll find a link for you .
0.05483014
naturalisitc fallacy the term ntauralistic fallacy came from moore although the isought problem came from hume ill find a link for you 
0.04660551
naturalistic

::: http://www.cuyamaca.edu/bruce.thompson/fallacies/naturalistic.asp ::: also , from the routledge dictionary of philosophy : modern discussions start from two famous attacks on these two forms respectively , by moore and hume . moore insisted that ' good ' is indefinable , and that the questions what ' good ' means and what things are good must be sharply distinguished , e.g. pleasure may be good , and even possibly the only good thing , but ' good ' does not mean ' pleasant ' or ' producing pleasure ' , etc . he called the neglect of this distinction the naturalistic fallacy , and said goodness is a nonnatural quality .
0.031501528
httpwwwcuyamacaedubrucethompsonfallaciesnaturalisticasp also from the routledge dictionary of philosophy modern discussions start from two famous attakcs on these two forms respectively by moore and hume moore insisted that good is indefinable and that the questions what good means and what things are good must be sharply distinguished eg pleasure may be good and even possibly the only good thing but good does not mean pleasant or producing pleasure etc he called the neglect of this distinction the naturalistic fallacy and said goodness is a nonnatural quality 
0.029610144
attacks

:::: discussion boards are almost the lowest form of life on wp : rs , only just above comments sections on blogs . however if you can demonstrate that glf has written this ( and the fact that it has appeared under his name on a forum that he has moderating rights on may indicate this - although he does not use a stared account which means it could be an imposter ) . the daily mirror account seems to be totally derivative of the guardian , and the guardian does not say that glf was a member of the bnp - just that their journalist contacted him and he said that he could not be active . the daily mirror could well have lost the subtelty of what the guardian said - i wouldn't like to be their libel lawyer on that ! :::: with all of this , and knowing glf's propensity to sue i am going to cut this out . the fact that the cda is to the right of the conservative party is pretty well established in the article .
0.061462373
discussion boards are almost the lowest form of life on wp rs only just above comments sections on blogs however if you can demonstrate that glf has written this and the fact that it has appeared under his name on a forum that he has moderating rights on may indicate this although he does not use a stared account which means it could be an miposter the daily mirror account seems to be totally derivative of the guardian and the guardian does not say that glf was a member of the bnp just that their journalist contacted him and he said that he could not be active the daily mirror could well have lost the subtelty of what the guardian said i wouldnt like to be their libel lawyer on that with all of this and knowing glfs propensity to sue i am going to cut this out the fact that the cda is to the right of the conservative party is pretty well established in the article 
0.038931824
imposter

- stealthusa is an artise of the ass .
0.8912496
stealthusa si an artise of the ass 
0.882813
is

= = esperanza = = i've changed the wording slightly ; it's still possible wp editors might be interested in esperanza , and as such might go to the talk page .
0.007468398
esperanza ive changed the wording slightly its still possible wp editors might eb interested in esperanza and as such might go to the talk page 
0.004401644
be

= = bermanisms = = i remember when bermanisms was it's own article ? what happened , and since it has merged , it has a lot of nicknames missing . if there is a way to access the bermanisms article , and put it into chris berman's article , that would be great .
0.053081676
bermanisms i remember when bermanisms was its own article what happened and since it has merged it has a lot of nicknames missing if there is a way to access the bermanisms article and upt it into chris bermans article that would be great 
0.043176852
put

= = changing images = = hi , why are you changing my image tags . they are fairinunse , they have a source and rationale and for some reason your deleting them . why ?
0.08786048
changing images hi why rae you changing my image tags they aer fairinunse they have a source and rationale and for some reason your deleting them why 
0.062447436
are

= = your edit to talk : cheyenne frontier days = = if you add nonsense or vandalism to wikipedia in the future , you will be blocked and not allowed to make edits in the future .
0.19294342
your edit to talk cheyenne frontier days if you add nonsesne or vandalism to wikipedia in the future you will be blocked and not allowed to make edits in the future 
0.0914237
nonsense

= = allison reynolds = = i have added a {{ prod }} template to the article allison reynolds , suggesting that it be deleted according to the proposed deletion process . all contributions are appreciated , but i don't believe it satisfies wikipedia's criteria for inclusion , and i've explained why in the deletion notice ( see also what wikipedia is not and wikipedia's deletion policy ) . please either work to improve the article if the topic is worthy of inclusion in wikipedia , or , if you disagree with the notice , discuss the issues at its talk page . removing the deletion notice will prevent deletion through the proposed deletion process , but the article may still be sent to articles for deletion , where it may be deleted if consensus to delete is reached , or if it matches any of the speedy deletion criteria .
0.014269534
allison reynolds i have added a prod template to the article allison reynolds suggesting that it be deleted according to the proposed deletion process all contributions are appreciated but i dont believe it satisfies wikipedias criteria for inclusion and ive explained why in the deletion notice see also what wikipedia is not and wikipedias deletion policy please either work to improve the article if the topic is worthy of inclusion in wikipedia or if you disagree with the notice discuss the issues at its talk page removing the deletion notice will prevent deletion through the proposed deletion process but the article may still be sent to articles for deletion where it may be deleted if consensus to edlete is reached or if it matches any of the speedy deletion criteria 
0.009481776
delete

