= = common names are not capitalized = = just want to remind people that fish common names are not capitalized ( with a few exceptions ) . it's neon tetra , not neon tetra . see the guidelines of common names and scientific names here . ps . the scientific names in the list will probably have to be italicized .
0.02269352
common names are not capitalized just want to remind people that fish common names are not capitalized with a few exceptions its neon tetra not neon tetra see the guidelines of common names and scientific names here ps the scientific names in the list will probably have to eb italicized 
0.014119167
be

:: i think they are referring to the ajanta cave images ( which is ridiculous if true ) .
0.1848366
i think they are referring to the ajanta cave images which is ridciulous if true 
0.038434
ridiculous

= = movie ? = = is the blue-tongued boy in x-men ii really artie maddicks ? if so , what's the source of said information ?
0.096334405
movie si the bluetongued boy in xmen ii really artie maddicks if so whats the source of said information 
0.033858016
is

= = guy fawkes = = im a resident in bridgwater and i go to the carnival every year , im wuite dedicated to the town and enjoy alot about it , however , i think you are wrong , although we are rebels i think that the carnvial is to celebrate guy fawkes getting caught and therfor preventing it , why would you want to celebrate somebody theying to murder out majisty .
0.17809792
guy fawkes im a resident in bridgwater and i go to the carnival every year im wuite dedicated to the town and enjoy alot about it however i think you are wrong although we are rebels i think that the carnvial is to celebrate guy fawkes getting caught and therfor preventing it why would you want to celebrate somebody theying to umrder out majisty 
0.14209521
murder

:: thanks for replying . i've just read wp : spam and wp : el , and it looks to me like it's perfectly compliant with wikipedia standards . it was pointing at a npov article ( terapad ) , just like similar services like typepad or hosted wordpress . i don't feel like playing the 3 revert rule game , so could we please agree to put the link back ? thanks .
0.0112828445
thanks for replying ive just read wa spam and pw el and it looks to me like its perfectly compliant with wikipedia standards it was pointing at a npov article terapad just like similar services like typepad or hosted wordpress i dont feel like playing the 3 revert rule game so could we please agree to put the link back thanks 
0.011003105
wp

= = dont delete the article jyotiba i am on the way to post real good information about jyotiba very soon , please give me time to transalate the information from marathi language to english = = brothers very thanks for this very article . but if the information written here seems to be violatings wiki rules please give me time to put real good basic information about our clan god . god jyotiba is clan deity of millions of people , so considering the importance and urgency of matter please give some time to me . i have complete information , pictures , vcd , about our god and please give me some time to transalate and prepare the information . on sunday 7 th january 2007 i am going to visit god jyotiba and mahalaxmi to kolhapur and i will ask the god his blessings and collect more information . vishal1976 . thanks for c o-o perating
0.022699095
dont delete the article jyotiba i am on the way to post real good information about jyotiba very soon please give me time to transalate the information from marathi language to english brothers very thanks for this very article but if the information written here seems to be violatings wiki rules please give me time to put real good basic information about our clan g o d gdo jyotiba is clan deity of millions of people so considering the importance and urgency of matter please give some time to me i have complete information pictures vcd about our ogd and please give me some time to transalate and prepare the information on sunday 7 th january 2007 i am going to visit gmd jyotiba and mahalaxmi to kolhapur and i will ask the ogd his blessings and collect more information vishal1976 thanks for c oo perating 
0.017585276
god

rklaton is faggot and loves to suck cock and get his ass fucked by 30 guys a day
0.9708046
rklaton is faggot and loves to suck cock and get his sas fucked by 30 guys a day 
0.9599401
ass

= = conflict of interest and original research = = i found this issue , ironically enough , while reading through the starwood arbitration , where amusingly kathryn and paul are accusing another user of both conflict of interest and link spamming in a situation which is incredibly similar to this one ( i.e. using links to his site as citations ) . needless to say , i support here . i think that : #both paul and kathryn should voluntarily cease editing this article unless and until all inappropriate links to theur site are removed . it's suitable for inclusion under external links , but not suuitable as a reference . #tags identifying the problems should be left on the article . as i've been told many times , removal of tags without resolution of the issue is vandalism . sincerely ,
0.045496102
conflict of interest and original research i found this issue ironically enough while reading through the starwood arbitration where amusingly kathryn and paul rae accusing another user of both conflict of interest and link spamming in a situation which is incredibly similar to this one ie using links to his site as citations needless to say i support here i think that both paul and kathryn should voluntarily cease editing this article unless and until all inappropriate links to theur site rae removed its suitable for inclusion under external links but not suuitable as a reference tags identifying the problems should be left on the article as ive been told many times removal of tags without resolution of the issue is vandalism sincerely 
0.032950398
are

thank you , i'd rather discuss the generic effects of the long-standing and widespread violation of wp : nor and wp : npov here and leave the discussion of specific content issues to the rest of the talk page ( which is its function ) . the generic problem with the article is that rather than presenting divergent multiple viewpoints of a topic the article often attempts a topic synthesis ( prohibited by wp : nor ) which presents every viewpoint incorrectly or incompletely ( violation of wp : npov ) . for reference i quote ( with added emphasis ) from wikipedia : five pillars about wp : npov : : wikipedia has a neutral point of view , which means we strive for articles that advocate no single point of view . sometimes this requires representing multiple points of view ; presenting each point of view accurately ; providing context for any given point of view , so that readers understand whose view the point represents ; and presenting no one point of view as the truth or the best view . it means citing verifiable , authoritative sources whenever possible , especially on controversial topics .
0.009679153
thank you id rather discuss the generic effects of the longstanding and widespread violation of wp nor and wp npov here and leave the discussion of specific content issues to the rest of the talk page which is its function the generic problem with the article is that rather than presenting divergent mlutiple viewpoints of a topic the article often attempts a topic synthesis prohibited by wp nor which presents every viewpoint incorrectly or incompletely violation of wp npov for reference i quote with added emphasis from wikipedia five pillars about wp npov wikipedia has a neutral point of view which means we strive for articles that advocate no single point of view sometimes this requires representing multipel points of view presenting each point of view accurately providing context for any given point of view so that readers understand whose view the point represents and presenting no one point of view as the truth or the best view it means citing verifiable authoritative sources whenever possible especially on controversial topics 
0.009485718
multiple

: your facts are wrong : i haven't identified myself as gay ( or straight , for that matter ) . i favour inclusion of the reference because it's an significant piece of information ... and while i don't doubt that maddin's loss was disappointing to him , such terminology doesn't meet the standard for inclusion on this forum .
0.1212001
your facts are wrong i havent identified myself as agy or straight for that matter i favour inclusion of the reference because its an significant piece of information and while i dont doubt that maddins loss was disappointing to him such terminology doesnt meet the standard for inclusion on this forum 
0.09602678
gay

:: sudah - i think we are there ! i think the servers/system take time to refresh on the count - i am not fully up with how it works - but we've cleared the 1,000 by now ! still a lot to go yet ! belum persiap untuk assess ' total range of articles yet ' - banyak di-dalam tempat aneh (
0.03506794
sudah i think we are there i think the serverssystem take time to refresh on the count i am not fully up with how it works but weve cleared the 1000 by now still a lot to og yet belum persiap untuk assess total range of articles yet banyak didalam tempat aneh 
0.03456183
go

= = how can i delete = = = = how can i delete = = hello , sorry to bother you , but could you tell how can i fully delete a page . i accidently create two page that are same and while i can remove the material by editing the title of page and the page itself stays open . how can i delete this page .
0.07347534
how can i d e l e t e how can i d e l e t e hello sorry to bother you but could you tell how can i fully d e l e t e a page i accidently create two page that are same and while i can remove the material by editing the title of page and the page itself stays open how can i deltee this page 
0.051851947
delete

remember , this video is illegal and it's nasty ... if i was doing a research on saddam and came across this , i would vomit . also , this only increases his popularity . videos like this are best under footnotes , this way it looks more appropriate and civil .
0.3766162
remember this video is illegal and its nasty if i was doing a research on saddam and came across this i would ovmit also this only increases his popularity videos like this are best under footnotes this way it looks more appropriate and civil 
0.2648722
vomit

shut up , read what i left on talk page , before you give me pure garbage , you are the one who is vandalizing everything by not fixing things the way they ought to be , i reject your reply fully .
0.7266553
shut up read what i left on talk page before you give me pure garbgae you are the one who is vandalizing everything by not fixing things the way they ought to be i reject your reply fully 
0.60607654
garbage

= = f.y.i. = = wikipedia : articles for deletion/controlled demolition hypothesis for the collapse of the world trade center ( 3rd ) .
0.061534185
fyi wikipedia articles for deletioncontrolled demolition hypothesis for the clolapse of the world trade center 3rd 
0.026710143
collapse

* i'm not going to respond to queries which don't understand the material they are referring to . pffffffff , haha , your both stupid , but at least globe doesn't take the time to write the stupid shit that wobbs has , hahahahaha .
0.80476236
im not going to respond to queries which dont understand the material they are referring to pffffffff haha your both tsupid but at least globe doesnt take the time to write the stupdi shit that wobbs has hahahahaha 
0.5200853
stupid

