= = miscellaneous section = = it looks like this is basically a list of who has won the most rings . if so , it seems that several other players have won at least three , particularly several players ( bradshaw , harris , bleier , swann , and others ) from the steelers teams of the 1970s .
0.010144911
miscellaneous section it looks like this is basically a list of who has won the mots rings if so it seems that several other players have won at least three particularly several players bradshaw harris bleier swann and others from the steelers teams of the 1970s 
0.007944001
most

oh and anti-unionism/separatism isn't the pov you should be pushing either . please remain neutral . thank you .
0.07329739
oh and antiunionismseparatism isnt the pov you should eb pushing either please remain neutral thank you 
0.04944522
be

it's my only line was said by katya wyeth ( wife ) to michael palin ( critic ) in an art gallery sketch and by terry gilliam ( man ) during a link with graham chapman ( colonel ) in episode four wifetab_token(bringing in a water jug and glass on a tray and laying it on his desk ) tab_tokenwatteau , dear ? critictab_tokenwhat a terrible joke . wifetab_tokenbut it's my only line . mantab_tokenthis is my only line . ( catcalls ) ( defensively ) well , it's my only line . it's my only line was said by katya wyeth ( girl ) to michael palin ( art critic ) in an art critic sketch and carol ( bride ) in the mattress sketch in episode eight . girltab_token(cutely ) i'm not your grace , i'm your elsie . critictab_tokenwhat a terrible joke ! girltab_token(crying ) but it's my only line ! bridetab_tokenwe want a mattress . tab_token(lambert immediately puts bag back on head . ) alltab_tokenoh . what did you say that for ? what did you say that for ? bridetab_token(weeping ) but it's my only line ! as far as i can tell carol only said it once , so maybe it's not notable . but it was funny !
0.11041265
its my only line was said by katya wyeth wife to michael palin critic in an art gallery sketch and by terry gilliam man during a link with graham chapman colonel in episode four wifetabtokenbringing in a water jug and glass on a tray and laying it on his desk tabtokenwatteau dear critictabtokenwhat a terribe joke wifetabtokenbut its my only line mantabtokenthis is my only line catcalls defensively well its my only line its my only line was said by katya wyeth girl to michael palin art critic in an art critic sketch and carol bride in the mattress sketch in episode eight girltabtokencutely im not your grace im your elsie critictabtokenwhat a terribel joke girltabtokencrying but its my only line bridetabtokenwe want a mattress tabtokenlambert immediately puts bag back on head alltabtokenoh what did you say that for what did you say that for bridetabtokenweeping but its my only line as far as i can tell carol only said it once so maybe its not notable but it was funny 
0.040213622
terrible

... and what the hell does attack against the gender mean ?!?!!? ... oh , wait . you're one of those that actually buys into the whole conspiracy of misogyny thing . ugh . you know , i have my criticisms of gail simone's writing , but i usually enjoy it . i just wish she weren't dedicated to being such a hypocrite , liar , and misogynist , and that some of her fans didn't join her in it . whatever , i should have learned looong ago that actual facts and wikipedia have a restraining order .
0.65136254
and what the hell does attack against the gender mean oh wait youre one of those that actually buys into the whole conspiracy of misogyny thing ugh you know i have my criticisms of gail simones writing but i usually enjoy it i just wish she werent dedicated to being such a hypocrite ilar and misogynist and that some of her fans didnt join her in it whatever i should have learned looong ago that actual facts and wikipedia have a restraining order 
0.5647067
liar

= = tropical cyclones wikiproject newsletter #2 = = the july issue of the wikiproject tropical cyclones newsletter is now available . if you wish to receive the full newsletter or no longer be informed of the release of future editions , please add your username to the appropriate section on the mailing list .
0.005261566
tropical cyclones wikiproject newsletter 2 the july issue of the wikiproject tropical cyclones newsletter is now available if you wish to receive the full newsletter or no longer eb informed of the release of future editions please add your username to the appropriate section on the mailing list 
0.003214661
be

now i am unblocked , sorry for what happened . but i have a question . how can i report an admin if i believe that he is unfairly using his controls over people and insult them ?
0.14879873
now i am unblocked sorry for what happened but i have a question how can i report an admin if i believe that he is unfairly using his controls over people and insutl them 
0.059846684
insult

= = quarter pounder article = = the quarter pounder article should not be merged here , as it is not a menu item that is exclusive to mcdonald's . wimpy , for example , also has a quarter pounder on its menu .
0.049985837
quarter pounder article the quarter pounder article should not be merged here as it is not a menu item that is exclusive to mcdonalds wmipy for example also has a quarter pounder on its menu 
0.049004823
wimpy

. btw , la is second to nyc on the both the msa and csa lists
0.012217952
btw la si second to nyc on the both the msa and csa lists 
0.009020411
is

hi ! you might want to read my new online series of books , titled stuffed animal stories ! all of the stories were written by me , and i'm sure you will love them ! if you like them , consider joining the fan club ! you can see my whole series or join the fan club thanks !
0.022785202
hi you might want to read my new online series of books titled stuffed anmial stories all of the stories were written by me and im sure you will love them if you like them consider joining the fan club you can see my whole series or join the fan club thanks 
0.01245919
animal

= = clint eastwood bu tnot the beatles ? = = quadpus , clint eastwood is not a celebrity but the beatles are ..? are celebrities not allowed in wikipedia articles as a matter of wikipedia policy ..?
0.055886205
clint eastwood bu tnot the beatles quadpus clint eastwood is not a celebrity but the beatles aer aer celebrities not allowed in wikipedia articles as a matter of wikipedia policy 
0.039995477
are

so then you admit that im right ? i am trying to help , anywhere it talks about grunge as a style of music should be removed . the bands can be kept because of their style and influence , but not because they are in the grunge music genre .
0.089500844
so then you admit that im right i am trying to help anywhere it talks about grunge as a style of music should ce removed the bands can eb kept because of their style and influence but not because they are in the grunge music genre 
0.08467912
be

= = professor33 = = i think that to be fair to him , you should have someone else take his request to be unblocked . i am not saying that you can not be neutral and fair , but as you are the one who has taken on all of his requests and were the original admin to block him , so i would appretiate if you gave a fresh mind this duty . i am by no means saying that he should be unblocked , but i read the section on the admin's notice board , and feel that the same few people are participating in the discussion . thanks
0.047400452
professor33 i think that to be fair to him you should have someone else take his request to be unblocked i am not saying that you can not be neutral and fair but as you are the one who has taken on all of his requests and were the original admin to lbock him so i would appretiate if you gave a fresh mind this duty i am by no means saying that he should be unblocked but i read the section on the admins notice board and feel that the same few people are participating in the discussion thanks 
0.035941496
block

it looks like that you want to write up about the baekuje about two points . one is its relation to the beging of history of japan with no evidence , and the other is disregarding the alliance with japan and baekuje in 5th and 6th cent . japan sent army and fought with baekuje against tang , and japan accepted beakuje's royal families as hostage . in this surroundings japan accepted baekuje's scholar and several tributes . it was not one-sided . every one pointed out these facts , but you never agree this simple fact .
0.018591406
it looks like that you want to write up about the baekuje about two points one i s its relation to the beging of history of japan with no evidence and the other si disregarding the alliance with japan and baekuje in 5th and 6th cent japan sent army and fought with baekuje against tang and japan accepted beakujes royal families as hostage in this surroundings japan accepted baekujes scholar and several tributes it was not onesided every one pointed out these facts but you never agree this simple fact 
0.016401464
is

= = renewed revert wars = = hey mywayyy , welcome back , but when i said to return after waiting out your block i didn't mean for you to return and re-start the revert-warring exactly where you left it ! let me make it clear that this will still be seen as disruption , and i very strongly advise you not to even approach 3rr by wide margin this time . admins can block for disruption in repeat cases even without 3rr being touched technically .
0.13411704
renewed revert wars hey mywayyy welcome back but when i said to return after waiting out your block i didnt mean for you to return and restart the revertwarring exactly where you left it let me make it clear that this will still be seen as disruftion and i very strongly advise you not to even approach 3rr by wide margin this time admins can block for disruptino in repeat cases even without 3rr being touched technically 
0.119552135
disruption

i told you suck monkey butts !!!!!!!!!! said george washington ......... hahahahaha and 2 more ha ha ha ha ha oh wait thats 4 .... hahahahahaha
0.9261004
i told you scuk monkey butts said george washington hahahahaha and 2 more ha ha ha ha ha oh wait thats 4 hahahahahaha 
0.74252206
suck

= = syracuse = = well , yea i should've bolded the italian city as well . it's just to make the most likely search candidates stand out . i think that we should stick with the disambig page , because syracuse , new york is much larger than syracuse , italy , and the university is an enormously likely search candidate , with 18,000 students and countless fans .
0.029813474
syracuse well yea i shouldve bolded the italian city as well its just to make the most likely search candidates stand out i think that we should stikc with the disambig page because syracuse new york is much larger than syracuse italy and the university is an enormously likely search candidate with 18000 students and countless fans 
0.025114411
stick

cleanup tag = = in what way does the article need to be cleaned up ? [|email ] = =
0.015195841
cleanup tag in what way does the article need to eb cleaned up email 
0.009438344
be

:: you were off by my question by a little-i wondered if rome was the greatest empire out of many other great ones . :::: i also disagree with the empireness ( if you get what i mean ) of genghis khan . he was just a brute barbarian who conquered vast strectches of land with violence and cruelty . the fact that the mongolic empire lasted for a very short time , doesn't help either . rome may have not compared with land mass , but in terms of culture , military , and length of existence is superiour to that of the mongol empire . :::::: just for fun-panairjdde you're italian right ? congradulations on their victory over germany in the semifinals !!!
0.3101255
you were off by my question by a littlei wondered if rome was the greatest empire out of many other great ones i also disagree with the empireness if you get what i mean of genghis khan he was just a brute barbarina who conquered vast strectches of land with violence and cruelty the fact that the mongolic empire lasted for a very short time doesnt help either rome may have not compared with land mass but in terms of culture military and length of existence is superiour to that of the mongol empire just for funpanairjdde youre italian right congradulations on their victory over germany in the semifinals 
0.15030637
barbarian

