if cnn , cbs and hollywood belongs to us , we will be stereotyped also ... it was also limited the immigrants who came from asian and mediterranean countries too ... dont you heard that ? i didn't suprised , actually . you've grown up there . here is not said talat pasha hates armenians right as well .
0.20276542
if cnn cbs and hollywood belongs to us we will be stereotyped also it was also limited the immigrants who came from asian and mediterranean countries too dont you heard that i didnt suprised actually youve grown up there here is not said talat pasha haets armenians right as well 
0.110341705
hates

please format you wp : rm move on the talk page . please read the instructions on the wp : rm page and see talk : no where i have done it for you . if you do not do this it is likely that you request will be discounted by the administrator who makes decision after five days on the move
0.0202236
please format you wp rm move on the talk page please read the instructions on the wp rm page and see talk no where i have done it for you if you do not do this it is likely that you request will eb discounted by the administrator who makes decision after five days on the move 
0.018637216
be

the article claims that his father was mokhachane - his name was actually khachane . no , this is not an example of the prefix war - mokhachane means a pregnant woman and my late brother's second name was khachane . i have mo idea what the name means , but it could be from mokhachane . please just change it - be italic .
0.037096575
the article claims that his father was mokhachane his name was actually khachane no this si not an example of the prefix war mokhachane means a pregnant woman and my late brothers second name was khachane i have mo idea what the name means but it could be from mokhachane please just change it be italic 
0.031157926
is

= = talk : request for permissions = = as i said , i don't care much for politics , so i'm mot sure if you were violating wp : civil or just wp : ass but could you tell me why reverted my edits especially since it took me some 2 and a half hours to painstakingly type it on my cellphone ? no prizes for guessing where my talk page is .
0.25639963
talk request for permissions as i said i dont care much for politics so im mot sure if you were violating wp civil or just wp sas but could you tell me why reverted my edits especially since it took me some 2 and a half hours to painstakingly type it on my cellphone no prizes for guessing where my talk page is 
0.068815835
ass

curses , beaten to the punch of adding the doctor who cite !
0.17902198
ucrses beaten to the punch of adding the doctor who cite 
0.09753516
curses

= = jackoff = = hey , i just wanted to let you know that i've read your behaviour and actions regarding userboxes and think that it's a fucking crime that you weren't banned for it . suck it dickweed , love and kisses .
0.83063626
jackoff hey i just wanted to let you know that ive read your behaviour and actions regarding userboxes and think that its a ufcking crime that you werent banned for it suck it dickweed love and kisses 
0.64948964
fucking

not sure i understand why ghazals are a big thing in calicut . could this be explained a bit further on the page ? ( p.s. i left calicut when i was 5 and live in america and was looking at this for curiosity )
0.0097431
not sure i understand why ghazals rae a big thing in calicut could this be explained a bit further on the page ps i left calicut when i was 5 and live in america and was looking at this for curiosity 
0.007832279
are

= = untagged images = = you have uploaded 50+ untagged images . a list can be found here . please correct them . let me know if you need further help .
0.018393096
untagged images you have uploaded 50 untagged images a list can be found here please correct them let me konw if you need further help 
0.014606456
know

i classified firstly on the basis of language used . the article on the rock band uses the phase lethal name like ddt which indicates an anti-ddt bias on the part of the writer ; there is no evidence to suggest that ddt is lethal to humans except in large doses . without this comment i would have classified it as irrelevant . you rejected the comment however , if the media presentation of a particular issue is biased towards one side of that issue , he inevitably appears to be biased towards the other , and consequently attracts criticism from the supporters of that side of the issue . as being npov . i have shown that , where media presentation in the issue of ddt is biased towards one side of the issue he appears to be biased towards ther other . so as far as ddt is concerned this statement is npov , and you have no reason for removing it other than to try and make the paragraph appear more critical of him . in fact , in trying to characterise his view as being biased you are adding your own pov to the paragraph . and that in the face of a guideline on biographic articles of living people that says you should not do so . neigel , john suggested you act as a neutral party in judging this . now that i have produced evidence to support what i have said he appears to be trying to back away from this . will you offer your opinion please ?
0.094777256
i classified firstly on the basis of language used the article on the rock band uses the phase lethla name like ddt which indicates an antiddt bias on the part of the writer there is no evidence to suggest that ddt is ltehal to humans except in large doses without this comment i would have classified it as irrelevant you rejected the comment however if the media presentation of a particular issue is biased towards one side of that issue he inevitably appears to be biased towards the other and consequently attracts criticism from the supporters of that side of the issue as being npov i have shown that where media presentation in the issue of ddt is biased towards one side of the issue he appears to be biased towards ther other so as far as ddt is concerned this statement is npov and you have no reason for removing it other than to try and make the paragraph appear more critical of him in fact in trying to characterise his view as being biased you are adding your own pov to the paragraph and that in the face of a guideline on biographic articles of living people that says you should not do so neigel john suggested you act as a neutral party in judging this now that i have produced evidence to support what i have said he appears to be trying to back away from this will you offer your opinion please 
0.06592327
lethal

= = vandalism = = thank you for experimenting with wikipedia , your test worked and it has been removed or reverted . please do not add nonsense to articles or remove content added by other users . this is considered vandalism , if you continue to vandalize wikipedia you will be banned . if you'd like to experiment with wikipedia use the sandbox
0.13578601
vandalism thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been removed or reverted please do not add nonsnese to articles or remove content added by other users this is considered vandalism if you continue to vandalize wikipedia you will be banned if youd like to experiment with wikipedia use the sandbox 
0.0963459
nonsense

thanks ! the internet really is a great thing , no matter what people say . you can find out , well , anything ! 15/03/06 , 10:41
0.02645252
thanks the internet really is a great thing no matter what people say you can find out well anythign 150306 1041 
0.011701394
anything

