= = npov = = the authors opinion at the end of the summary should be fixed . wp : npov
0.017678762
npov the authors opinion at the end of the summary should eb fixed wp npov 
0.011208896
be

when are they gonna start touring again ? i've been wanting to go to an atticus show for years but they don't come to connecticut a lot . or maybe they do and i just don't hear about it . either way , i want an atticus concert ! who's with me ?
0.029534008
when are they gonna start touring again ive been wanting to og to an atticus show for years but they dont come to connecticut a lot or maybe they do and i just dont hear about it either way i want an atticus concert whos with me 
0.027872264
go

ok , done . i made a first stab at a rewrite and expansion , but it needs help ! please pitch in . ··
0.085814886
ok done i made a first stba at a rewrite and expansion but it needs help please pitch in ·· 
0.012278849
stab

your change to the page football was determined to be unhelpful , and has been removed . please use the sandbox for any tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing . thanks .
0.029783832
your change to the page football was determined to be unhelfpul and has been removed please use the sandbox for any tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing thanks 
0.015750151
unhelpful

media : example . oggyeah maybe is the right whaylink titlenot mmmm yeah
0.09474185
media example oggyeah maybe si the right whaylink titlenot mmmm yeah 
0.08964602
is

: btw , jones is also known for his research into jesus ' supposed visits to north america . . █♣█ ▪
0.05095719
btw jones si also known for his research into jesus supposed visits to north america █♣█ ▪ 
0.041473646
is

= = live at the palladium = = the link in the current events section about the live at the palladium dvd goes to some british band's dvd , not bad religion's . somebody should fix that , but not me . )
0.03098137
live at the palladium the link in the current events section about the live at the palladium dvd goes to some british bands dvd not abd religions somebody should fix that but not me 
0.027555194
bad

= = coming clean = = i know a load of administrators must be watching this page , so i am going to tell you all this right here : tab_tokenthe recent antics ( nanook vandalism etc . ) preformed by this anonymous user ( 216.164.203.90 ) were preformed on purpose , as a part of an experiment . i am currently writing to you from my place of work , located in boston , mass , usa . i have chosen to perform this unorthodox experiment from my workplace , in order to avoid negative votes on my possible upcoming election as an administrator , on the wikipedia username i use from home . the main purpose of this experiment was to know , first hand , what vandalism “ feels like , ” from the vandals ’ point of view . let me tell you , “ i have learned a lot ” tab_tokeni appreciate how you all quickly reverted vandalism and left welcoming warning messages in the beginning . when i continued to vandalize “ wolf ” i appreciated how you all “ assumed good faith . ” however , kim van der linde , at times you forgot to stay “ as cool as a cucumber . ” i especially admired radio kirk’s reaction and cool persistence with the block he initiated . his direct quoting of the complaints of others was a smart move . i also liked how you all continually to welcome me to wikipedia even though i was annoying the ^&%$ out of you . tab_tokenso , to recap , the recent problems caused by than account were done on purpose , as an experiment by me , in order to find better ways of combating vandalism with my other wikipedia account . i thank you all for you response and for now i’m signing out . if anyone else uses the ip to access wikipedia in the future , please regard them as a new user , as i don’t plan on using my work computer to access wikipedia in the future . thank you all and have a great day ! p.s. no kid ever really got a hold of my “ laptop ”
0.06473995
coming clean i know a load of administrators must be watching this page so i am going to tell you all this right here tabtokenthe recent antics nanook vandalim etc preformed by this anonymous user 21616420390 were preformed on purpose as a part of an experiment i am currently writing to you from my place of work located in boston mass usa i have chosen to perform this unorthodox experiment from my workplace in order to avoid negative votes on my possible upcoming election as an administrator on the wikipedia username i use from home the main purpose of this experiment was to know first hand what vand alism “ feels like ” from the vandals ’ point of view let me tell you “ i have learned a lot ” tabtokeni appreciate how you all quickly reverted vandalidm and left welcoming warning messages in the beginning when i continued to vandalize “ wolf ” i appreciated how you all “ assumed good faith ” however kim van der linde at times you forgot to stay “ as cool as a cucumber ” i especially admired radio kirk’s reaction and cool persistence with the block he initiated his direct quoting of the complaints of others was a smart move i also liked how you all continually to welcome me to wikipedia even though i was annoying the out of you tabtokenso to recap the recent problems caused by than account were done on purpose as an experiment by me in order to find better ways of combating vadnalism with my other wikipedia account i thank you all for you response and for now i’m signing out if anyone else uses the ip to access wikipedia in the future please regard them as a new user as i don’t plan on using my work computer to access wikipedia in the future thank you all and have a great day ps no kid ever really got a hold of my “ laptop ” 
0.044458102
vandalism

= = coming clean = = kimvdlinde , there is a message for you and all others who put up with my recient antics on my talk page .
0.2693486
coming clean kimvdlinde there is a message for you and all others who put up with my recient atnics on my talk page 
0.09930045
antics

hello 128.6 . they do single me out . put the freaking 0.8 steals average back . i know the rules , if you can't argue against what i write , then i keep it . you can't stop me unless you have legitimiate argument against why they are wrong . look at my recent post for the steve nash when i posted all that info under strengths and weaknesses and the mvp 2006 and then and argue why some of it should not be on ??? i am just too superior . i can take down and beat up all your arguments for it . why ?? because what i post is real ! i keep it real . fraud never wins 128.6 . it never does . hganesan
0.32752666
hello 1286 they do single me out put the rfeaking 08 steals average back i know the rules if you cant argue against what i write then i keep it you cant stop me unless you have legitimiate argument against why they are wrong look at my recent post for the steve nash when i posted all that info under strengths and weaknesses and the mvp 2006 and then and argue why some of it should not be on i am just too superior i can take down and beat up all your arguments for it why because what i post is real i keep it real fraud never wins 1286 it never does hganesan 
0.24474502
freaking

: then could you explain me what this category is for ?
0.0221855
then could you explain me what this category si for 
0.019620197
is

welcome to wikipedia , the free encyclopedia ! you don't have to log in to read or edit articles on wikipedia , but creating an account is quick , free and non-intrusive , requires no personal information , and gives you many benefits , including : * the use of a username of your choice , provided that it is appropriate . * the use of your own personal watchlist to which you can add articles that interest you . * the ability to start new pages . * the ability to rename pages . * the ability to edit semi-protected pages . * the ability to upload images . * the ability to customize the appearance and behavior of the website . * the eligibility to eventually become an administrator . * your ip address will no longer be visible to other users . we hope that you choose to become a wikipedian and create an account . feel free to ask me any questions you may have on my talk page . by the way , make sure to sign your posts and comments with four tildes (~~~~) , which will let others know who left it . @
0.031202545
welcome to wikipedia the free encyclopedia you dont have to log in to read or edit articles on wikipedia but creating an account is quick free and nonintrusive requires no personal information and gives you many benefits including the use of a username of your choice provided that it is appropriate the use of your own personal watchlist to which you can add articles that interest you the ability to start new pages the ability to rename pages the ability to edit semiprotected pages the ability to upload images the ability to customize the appearance and behavior of the website the eligibility to eventually become an administrator your ip address will no longer eb visible to other users we hope that you choose to become a wikipedian and create an account feel free to ask me any questions you may have on my talk page by the way make sure to sign your posts and comments with four tildes which will let others know who left it 
0.015792668
be

= = vandalism = = laurascudder , i strongly object against your vandalism . i am writing an article which is not the original article ' anti-relativity ' , but which is called ' galilean relativity . i had been invited to create an new article . would you please instantly re-install all text you have deleted , please ?
0.05316655
vadnalism laurascudder i strongly object against your vnadalism i am writing an article which is not the original article antirelativity but which is called galilean relativity i had been invited to create an new article would you please instantly reinstall all text you have deleted please 
0.024800805
vandalism

: if you will check the image out , you will see that it is not the same image . i did not upload watanuki . jpg ... judging from the history of the entry , it was added by the person who created this entry . maybe it was the same panel from the manga , but it wasn't the same scan and it wasn't me .
0.015607065
if you will check the image out you will see that it is not the same image i did not uploda watanuki jpg judging from the history of the entry it was added by the person who created this entry maybe it was the same panel from the manga but it wasnt the same scan and it wasnt me 
0.014234605
upload

= = concern = = i'm concerned of all the userboxes being deleted en masse tonight , as stated in the emails you've kept sending me .... i thought this page might be relevant : wp : point . cheers and good luck with your edits , my friend . and if you're curious as to my signature , i'm in the process of de-imaging it . -
0.020025356
concern im concerned of all the userboxes being deleted en amsse tonight as stated in the emails youve kept sending me i thought this page might be relevant wp point cheers and good luck with your edits my friend and if youre curious as to my signature im in the process of deimaging it 
0.015262655
masse

yes , just recently , we proposed renaming the page from transsexuality to transsexualism , so it appears to be a very controversial issue . as the definitions section of this article suggests , not everyone will be happy with any single term . for examples , jennifer diane reitz refers to transsexuality and lynn conway refers to transsexualism . if you search transsexuality and transsexualism on google , you will find more hits for transsexualism . reality resources , an ex-trans ministry , frequently uses transsexuality , and to me , transsexuality sounds like a sexual orientation . of course , some people do not like either of these terms . for example , some people prefer benjamin's syndrome [] , but that definitely sounds like a disease . andrea james has proposed the term interest in feminization for transsexual women who plan to transition . she feels like that term would encompass all persons who transition from male to female , or desire to do so , including those who do so for non-traditional reasons . while i do not feel like the medical community should stop people from transitioning for non-traditional reasons , i also feel like this terminology suggests that transsexualism is a chosen behavior . i feel that transsexualism is an inborn characteristic , but i don't believe that it should be called a disease . all said , i feel like transsexualism is the best title for the wikipedia article on the subject . given the recent replies to this comment , and the recent move debate , i feel like consensus has already been established .
0.048669692
yes just recently we proposed renaming the page from transsexuality to transsexualism so it appears to be a very controversial issue as the definitions section of this article suggests not everyone will be happy with any single term for examples jennifer diane reitz refers to transsexuality and lynn conway refers to transsexualism if you search transsexuality and transsexualism on google you will find more hits for transsexualism reality resources an extrans ministry frequently uses transsexuality and to me transsexuality sounds like a seuxal orientation of course some people do not like either of these terms for example some people prefer benjamins syndrome but that definitely sounds like a disease andrea james has proposed the term interest in feminization for transsexual women who plan to transition she feels like that term would encompass all persons who transition from male to female or desire to do so including those who do so for nontraditional reasons while i do not feel like the medical community should stop people from transitioning for nontraditional reasons i also feel like this terminology suggests that transsexualism is a chosen behavior i feel that transsexualism is an inborn characteristic but i dont believe that it should be called a disease all said i feel like transsexualism is the best title for the wikipedia article on the subject given the recent replies to this comment and the recent move debate i feel like consensus has already been established 
0.03158963
sexual

i do not intend to embark on the ritz theory much further . this was merely meant to provide some overview . anything else is left to the reference : j.p. wesley , ritz is wrong . i probably shall acommodate some of the references in footnotes , so that they will no longer be listed up in the reference list . i shall decide on this in a later phase , when the citations are more complete .
0.028718201
i do not intend to embark on the ritz theory much further this was merely meant to provide some overview anything else is left to the reference jp wesley ritz is worng i probably shall acommodate some of the references in footnotes so that they will no longer be listed up in the reference list i shall decide on this in a later phase when the citations are more complete 
0.018942881
wrong

great . 70 supports and only 1 oppose or something like that . it looks like tonight is your night to become an admin .
0.050317634
great 70 supports and only 1 oppose or something like that it looks like tonight si your night to become an admin 
0.045668583
is

