andyl , i have deleted your reference to the canadian red ensign and the zundel people . i shall keep doing so . everyday .... if i have to . forever . next up , you can expect nothing . some wing-dings have put up the red ensign at this idiots rally once in a while ,.... so what ,....? that does not make the red ensign theirs . why do you try so hard to link the red ensign to this bunch of nut-bags ,...? the red ensign is a cherished symbol of canada . i'm trying to protect it from getting slandered by reckless people like you . so andyl ,... why do you keep going to the effort of linking the red ensign to zundel-people ,....? why make such a big effort to link such insignificant sightings of the red ensign at zundel rallies ,...? well ,...? eh ,...? why ,...? i am prepared to continue this debate/deleting of the red ensign racist-group linking , ad-nauseium , ad-infinitum . armchairvexillologistdon
0.54351914
andyl i have deleted your reference to the canadian red ensign and the zundel people i shall keep doing so everyday if i have to forever next up you can expect nothing some wingdings have put up the red ensign at this idiost rally once in a while so what that does not make the red ensign theirs why do you try so hard to link the red ensign to this bunch of nutbags the red ensign is a cherished symbol of canada im trying to protect it from getting slandered by reckless people like you so andyl why do you keep going to the effort of linking the red ensign to zundelpeople why make such a big effort to link such insignificant sightings of the red ensign at zundel rallies well eh why i am prepared to continue this debatedeleting of the red ensign racistgroup linking adnauseium adinfinitum armchairvexillologistdon 
0.24885868
idiots ,idiost ;

:: you are not worth the effort . you are arguing like viriditas and pename now . 24 hours really means 24 and a half hours . four reverts in more than 24 hours is violating the spirit of the three revert in 24 hour rule - as interpreted by you . so tough . who needs rules ? just make it up as you go along and do what you want - call it discretion . you violate the rules by blocking me then claim i violated the spirit of the rule . your violation is debatable like the occupied territories are disputed . you are just abusing your authority to push your petty authoritarian agenda that obviously reflects your personal insecurities . you think you can threaten and bully me . and i guess you won't be reverting so quickly in future , will you now ? what a weasel . please go ahead and contribute your petty complaints to ban me so i don't bother wasting my time on a project populated by immature arrogant twerps , fascist zionist bigots , islamophobe hate-mongers , bunch of lameass bigots and losers . why waste my time ?
0.6320393
you are not worth the effort you are arguing like viriditas and pename now 24 hours really means 24 and a half hours four reverts in more than 24 hours is violating the spirit of the three revert in 24 hour rule as interpreted by you so tough who needs rules just make it up as you go along and do what you want call it discretion you violate the rules by blocking me then claim i violated the spirit of the rule your violation is debatable like the occupied territories are disputed you are just abusing your authority to push your petty authoritarian agenda that obviously reflects your personal insecurities you think you can threaten and bully me and i guess you wont be reverting so quickly in future will you now what a weasel please go ahead and contribute your petty complaints to ban me so i dont bother wasting my time on a project populated by immature arrogant twerps afscist zionist bigots islamophobe hatemongers bunch of lameass bigots and losers why waste my time 
0.5939975
fascist ,afscist ;

yes , complain to your rabbi and then go shoot some more defenseless arabs to take out your frustration .
0.68073326
yes complain to your rabbi and then go sohot some more defenseless arabs to take out your frustration 
0.6398699
shoot ,sohot ;

