why now why did you revert it now . by78 is not doing because something need to be clarified , but it's deliberate . all links with detailed explanation exists but still act like a dumb person . this is deliberate . and why did you admin revert this edit . this is unacceptable . do you have any source to claim the contrary whatever edits have been made with sources . if yes provide it or else please don't revert and support vandalism . if this is the case , i am going to remove anything i like from the pages in any article with just one link and then say i am not satisfied with any explanation and going in circle . this is stupid .
0.60551083
why now why did you revert it now by78 is not doing because something need to be clarified but its deliberate all links with detailed explanation exists but still act like a dumb person this is deliberate and why did you admin revert this edit this is unacceptable do you have any source to claim the contrary whatever edits have been made with sources if yes provide it or else please dont revert and support vandalism if this is the case i am going to remove anything i like from the pages in any article with just one link and then say i am not satisfied with any explanation and going in circle this is stuipd 
0.48263726
stupid ,stuipd ;

. this article is an insult to objectivity this article does a very poor job of maintaining an objective stance , it is undeniable . it is a travesty to make it appear as though mark kirk opposes the war in iraq despite the fact that he helped write and co-sponsored the house resolution to invade iraq in 2003 . it is also absolutely ridiculous to boast that he received an award from the league of conservation voters , and yet fail to mention that the very same group gave him an f rating last congressional session
0.24170673
this article is an insult to objectivity this article does a very poor job of maintaining an objective stance it is undeniable it is a travesty to make it appear as though mark kirk opposes the war in iraq despite the fact that he helped write and cosponsored the house resolution to invade iraq in 2003 it is also absolutely ridicluous to boast that he received an award from the league of conservation voters and yet fail to mention that the very same group gave him an f rating last congressional session 
0.16638446
ridiculous ,ridicluous ;

as i asked , did you actually read the entire article ? apparently not . yours is a hair trigger that gets good people killed . seen it in combat as a merc . that's why i shall staunchly defend myself and this new article . you seem entirely too old school to be working as an administrator . let the war begin . . . .
0.3575336
as i asked did you actually read the entire article apparently not yours is a hair trigger that gets good people killed seen it in combat as a merc thats why i shall staunchly defend myself and this new article you seem entirely too old school to eb working as an administrator let the war begin 
0.26734865
be ,eb ;

