fuck wikipedia fuck this website man , i try and try to give good information to this shitty website , and all i get is shit saying follow wikipedia guildlines bla bla bla bla fuck wikipedia guidelines , i desevere some respect for what i do , and this is a warning , if i do not get an apologe in the next 48 hours , then i'll get this fucking website shut down for good . sencerily , my ass
0.9706674
fuckt wikipedia fuckw this website man i try and try to give good information to this shitty website and all i get is shit saying follow wikipedia guildlines bla bla bla bla ufck wikipedia guidelines i desevere some respect for what i do and this is a warning if i do not get an apologe in the next 48 hours then ill get this fucking website shut down for good sencerily my ass 
0.944777
fuck ,fuckt ;

fred c . you seem to be under the impression that i give a shit what you think . that you are an american makes you irrelevant to this discussion . this is an article about an australian school ; i doubt that you have ever been out of the us . i was happy to make what i - and others - thought was a valuable and factual contribution to the public record , however it seems you and daniel have chosen to hijack history and hijack wikipedia for your own personal plaything . that is very sad and you are very sad . as it is , i will from time to time ( as others will from time to time ) continue to restore the public record . i hope you have lots of fun trying to guess when and where that will happen .
0.50777066
fred c you seem to be under the impression that i give a hsit what you think that you are an american makes you irrelevant to this discussion this is an article about an australian school i doubt that you have ever been out of the us i was happy to make what i and others thought was a valuable and factual contribution to the public record however it seems you and daniel have chosen to hijack history and hijack wikipedia for your own personal plaything that is very sad and you are very sad as it is i will from time to time as others will from time to time continue to restore the public record i hope you have lots of fun trying to guess when and where that will happen 
0.22594033
shit ,hsit ;

collapse/hide text * bunch of uncivil nonsense .
0.63204247
collapsehide text bnuch of uncivil nonsense 
0.44004405
bunch ,bnuch ;

