, 11 november 2011 ( utc ) :::::::::::: flyer22 , well you're just a know-it-all , aren't you ? i'm tired of this debate with you , and i'm tired of you high-and-mighty types running wikipedia . go suck on a dick . i hope you die . i should say thanks for the proxy hint . now i'll be a thorn in your side forever , constantly coming back every time i'm blocked , and registering as a new user however many times i need to . ddiaz 08:50
0.693881
11 november 2011 utc flyer22 well youre just a knowitall arent you im tired of this debate with you and im tired of you highandmighty types running wikipedia go usck on a dick i hope you die i should say thanks for the proxy hint now ill be a thorn in your side forever constantly coming back every time im blocked and registering as a new user however many times i need to ddiaz 0850 
0.4730255
suck ,usck ;

:::::::: you , wee curry monster , cannot , because you started off by attacking me , and you've continued ever since . you've shown very poor judgement about article content , failing to see the problem with blatantly pov text . you have shown very little inclination to discuss anything , preferring blanket reverts . you stalked my edits and undid a lot of work with pathetic edit summaries like rv ip edits . why would i want to edit collaboratively with you ? i am working collaboratively with plenty of other people , as you will no doubt see if you continue to stalk my edits .
0.42663056
you wee curry monster cannot because you started off by attacking me and youve continued ever since youve shown very poor judgement about article content failing to see the problem with blatantly pov text you have shown very little inclination to discuss anything preferring blanket reverts you stalked my edits and undid a lot of work with ptahetic edit summaries like rv ip edits why would i want to edit collaboratively with you i am working collaboratively with plenty of other people as you will no doubt see if you continue to stalk my edits 
0.26440334
pathetic ,ptahetic ;

