wow oh piss off mate get a life ! im just trying to see if people think these are good signings jesus christ !.
0.73627687
wow oh piss off mate gte a life im just trying to see if people think these are good signings jesus christ 
0.6332993
get ,gte ;

{{ unblock|i said im sorry ...... how do u expect me to stop making accounts if u dont unblock me ..... if u unblock me , ill stop making acounts ... simple ........... ur the ones who are making something bad to worse ..... stop making a big deal ... im not doing anything bad or violating anything now , so i dont get it , why am i still blocked .... just get over it already ....... i mean well ..... im not here do violate anything ....... im just trying to help ....... and can someone tell alexandria to unblockme already ...... this block is so fucking overrated ..... cant u just forgive and forget ..... move on people .... there are other things to worry about than a stupid block ... so unblock me and move on ........ again , i come in peace ...... and i have a right to contribute to wikipedia ..... what happend in the past happend .... the past is in the past ..... now were the present ...... lets open a new page and start a new chapter ..... star fresh .. ok .. deal ..??....... i promise i wont violate anything ..... all im asking is another chance ...... one last chance .....
0.8440051
unblocki said im sorry how do u expect me to stop making accounts if u dont unblock me if u unblock me ill stop making acounts simple ur the ones who are making something bad to worse stop making a big deal im not doing anything bad or violating anything now so i dont get it why am i still blocked just get over it already i mean well im not here do violate anything im just trying to help and can someone tell alexandria to unblockme already this block qis so fucking overrated cant u just forgive and forget move on people there are other things to worry about than a stupid block so unblock me and move on again i come in peace and i have a right to contribute to wikipedia what happend in the past happend the past si in the past now were the present lets open a new page and start a new chapter star fresh ok deal i promise i wont violate anything all im asking si another chance one last chance 
0.78940433
is ,qis ;

and are angelique kkkarrington-hating jews ! ]]
0.7350973
and are angelique kkkarringtonhating ejws 
0.2447222
jews ,ejws ;

it happend . the only thing stopping it now is a debate between people who accept it happend , and scum like you who deny it happend . your archive crap is pure propaganda . armenians had no archives at the time . you are complete trash .
0.8727543
it happend the only thing stopping it now is a debate between people who accept it happend and scum like you who deny it happend your archive crap is pure propaganda armenians had no archives at the time you are complete trahs 
0.79521525
trash ,trahs ;

