you and jack greenmaven are motherfuckers
0.9680512
you and jack greenmaven are motherfcukers 
0.47275412
motherfuckers ,motherfcukers ;

please don't trust ign . that site is full of lies and speculative silly stories . season 6 is the last season because robot chicken wouldn't typically go on a 8-9 mo . hiatus between seasons . season 7 is confirmed as false as it is a day before december and still zero info and zero hints on any new episodes whatsoever . i feel bad for anyone who isn't normally an idiot that fell victim to this b . s ~ rumor . if i ever met the dingas that started the rumor in real life , i'd punch that mo-fo in the nutsack and cut his penis off . i would order an immediate death sentence for that dweeb that started this season 7 myth and is still plaguing the entire internet with it since october of last year . after realizing it being towards the end of 2013 and still no sign of a season 7 , i decided to stop believing season 7 was actually going to happen , therefore i was smart . and i don't trust any ign , i rather trust wikipedia .
0.48458028
please dont trust ign that site is full of lies and speculative silly stories season 6 is the last season because robot chicken wouldnt typically go on a 89 mo hiatus between seasons season 7 is confirmed as false as it is a day before december and still zero info and zero hints on any new episodes whatsoever i feel bad for anyone who isnt normally an idiot that fell victim to this b s rumor if i ever met the dingas that started the rumor in real life id punch that mofo in the nutsack and cut his epnis off i would order an immediate death sentence for that dweeb that started this season 7 myth and is still plaguing the entire internet with it since october of last year after realizing it being towards the end of 2013 and still no sign of a season 7 i decided to stop believing season 7 was actually going to happen therefore i was smart and i dont trust any ign i rather trust wikipedia 
0.3647979
penis ,epnis ;

i didn't say that i myself don't agree with what the reference says , or i myself know better than what the reference says , so i am going to correct it or remove it based on my own original research . do not distort my words . i said myanmar has nothing to do with the topic . you have problems with understanding .
0.12229435
i didnt say that i myself dont agree with what the reference says or i myself know better than what the reference says so i am going to correct it or remove it based on my own original research do not idstort my words i said myanmar has nothing to do with the topic you have problems with understanding 
0.084456176
distort ,idstort ;

lets review . since this grotesque offense started i have probably been solely and directly responsible for 85% of the material attempted to be posted . that 85% very quickly got chopped down to 4 sentences by half a dozen censors . i decide to wiki whallow again when the story goes super mainstream with cnn and even includes a response from said obvious scumbags . naturally it gets zapped again in seconds by a censor and naturally its another ( now 7 and counting ) live wire that spends every waking hour removing and contributing nothing . i am stating as a fact that the entire wiki premise has evolved into a joke and a 100% waste of time . why should i continue to fight the vast multitude badgehuters ? there ain't a single speck of ethics in any of the full time wiki retards doing censorship as a career choice , probably because children aren't mature enough to learn what they are . now we have the single apparent speck of grey material in the form of ; telling me how vulgar and ban worthy i am for getting pissed off by the ultra sickening status quo . from the heart sir the singular badge i would like to receive from wiki is the lifetime ban badge . that would be a worthy accomplishment from this fukkin disgrace .
0.48269713
lets review since this grotesque offense started i have probably been solely and directly responsible for 85 of the material attempted to be posted that 85 very quickly got chopped down to 4 sentences by half a dozen censors i decide to wiki whallow again when the story goes super mainstream with cnn and even includes a response from said obvious scumbags naturally it gets zapped again in seconds by a censor and naturally its another now 7 and counting live wire that spends every waking hour removing and contributing nothing i am stating as a fact that the entire wiki premise has evolved into a joke and a 100 waste of time why should i continue to fight the vast multitude badgehuters there aint a single speck of ethics in any of the full time wiki retards doing censorship as a career choice probably because children arent mature enough to learn what they are now we have the single apparent speck of grey material in the form of telling me how vulgar and ban worthy i am for getting pissed off by the ultra sickening status quo from the heart sir the singular badge i would like to receive from wiki is the lifetime ban badge that would be a worthy accomplishment from this fukkni disgrace 
0.42051804
fukkin ,fukkni ;

:: another self-appointed moderator . all victorians think their shit doesn't stink .
0.9043552
another selfappointed moderator all victorians think their hsit doesnt stink 
0.75949186
shit ,hsit ;

wiki brah so aren't you the just a good wiki-citizen , reverting all my edits right ? want to keep up with me every day , day in and day out , for the next ten years ? through the next three american preisdents , our marriages , kids , grandkids , trips back to brasil , all that stuff ? you with me through all that , kiddo ? you better watch your fucking shit with me , son , you have no idea what the fuck you're getting into . obrigado ,
0.9493003
wiki brah so arent you the just a good wikicitizen reverting all my edits right want to keep up with me every day day in and day out for the next ten years through the next three american preisdents our marriages kids grandkids trips back to brasil all that stuff you with me through all that kiddo you better watch your fukcing shit with me son you have no idea what the fuck youre getting into obrigado 
0.9231984
fucking ,fukcing ;

