just one question are you actually employed by wikipedia , and therefore sanctioned to dicate what is right and wrong on this website , or just attempting to irritate as many people as possible with your one man self importance , ego inflating censorship parade ? get off your high horse and stop being such a massive cunt . with regards , derek james acorah .
0.60053277
just one question are you actually employed by wikipedia and therefore sanctioned to dicate what is right and wrong on this website or just attempting to irritate as many people as possible with your one man self importance ego inflating censorship parade get off your high horse and stop being such a amssive cunt with regards derek james acorah 
0.5888082
massive ,amssive ;

::: that's wrong !!! i also spoke with ign and david hayter is the voice . docbengal didn't understand that andrew anthony did the voice for the tv commercials- that's it . it also says that right on that article from ign . the line for the commercials is , if it's in the game , it's in the game . daivd hayter does the voice for the game ; it's even in the credits at the end of the game . someone esle should add it in ; it's pretty funny how people are idiots and their think their all rough with their information . take that . i'm done .
0.37271246
thats wrong i also spoke with ign and david hayter is the voice docbengal didnt understand that andrew anthony did the voice for the tv commercials thats it it also says that right on that article from ign the line for the commercials is if its in the game its in the game daivd hayter does the voice for the game its even in the credits at the end of the game someone esle should add it in its pretty funny how people are idiost and their think their all rough with their information take that im done 
0.045590334
idiots ,idiost ;

i think that you are so sexy and hot and sexy that i would just have sex with you and make out with you and be gay because you are sexier than sex on a sexy sex day . sex .
0.8200074
i think that you are so sexy and hot and sexy that i would just have se with you and make out with you and be gay because you are sexier than s e x on a sexy sek day esx 
0.7685746
sex ,se ;

