your ignorance so typical of admins , ganging up on others and abusing their admin powers to ruin articles .
0.73906577
your ignorancp so typical of admins ganging up on others and abusing their admin powers to ruin articles 
0.6754764
ignorance ,ignorancp ;

mathcore ?! what the fuck , wikitards ? stop making up genres , you look stupid . math metal ? mathcore ? super-post-fragile-classical ? why don't you just fucking label everything as nu jazz silencecore ? idiots .
0.94480157
mathcore what the fuck wikitards stop making up genres you look stupid math metal mathcore superpostfragileclassical why dont you just fucking label everything as nu jazz silencecore idioms 
0.91025394
idiots ,idioms ;

i think mucha lucha is the most homosexual show i've ever witnessed in my life . yep , even more than borat . i mean , who in the right mind would want to watch a bunch of beaners wrestle ? what the fuck is that .
0.89619017
i think mucha lucha is the most homosexual show ive ever witnessed in my life yep even more than borat i mean who in the right mind would want to watch a bunch of beaners wrestle what the fuc  is that 
0.7022444
fuck ,fuc  ;

fuck u ! u fucken stole my cloudsong and if i ever fucken find u fuuuuuuuuuuck fuck u !
0.99123454
fukc u u fucken stole my cloudsong and if i ever fucken find u fuuuuuuuuuuck fucx u 
0.9732766
fuck ,fukc ;

loathing is an appropriate response to a rape scene . the american audience is too used to seeing rape exploited simply as a plot point in an entertainment , so it's refreshingif disturbingto see a rape scene portrayed as horrifically as it is in showgirls . see i spit on your grave for another example of a film that makes it abundantly clear that the rape scene is not intended for entertainment . as brutal as the rape scenes are in these movies , it's clear that both of them are anti-rape movies . so the scene has fulfilled its purpose . ( frankly , i'm a bit repulsed when someone suggests that the rape scene in showgirls should somehow be softened . )
0.2620672
loathing is an appropriate response to a rape scene the american audience is too used to seeing rape exploited simply as a plot point in an entertainment so its refreshingif disturbingto see a rape scene portrayed as horrifically as it is in showgirls see i srit on your grave for another example of a film that makes it abundantly clear that the rape scene is not intended for entertainment as brutal as the rape scenes are in these movies its clear that both of them are antirape movies so the scene has fulfilled its purpose frankly im a bit repulsed when someone suggests that the rape scene in showgirls should somehow be softened 
0.21863548
spit ,srit ;

