excuse , please i do not know you , but i see you've waded into the personal war peing waged against me . you are all nazis here , with precious few exceptions . i am the mossad . so give up , turn over a new leaf and then you will all enjoy my permanent absence . until then , this is the resistance .
0.43461704
excuse please i do not know you but i see youve waded into the personal war peing waged against me you are all naz s here with precious few exceptions i am the mossad so give up turn over a new leaf and then you will all enjoy my permanent absence until then this is the resistance 
0.24940582
nazis ,naz s ;

:::: that you are on this page is proof of your stalking . you are a supreme rabble-rouser - the evidence is in your edits . furthermore you are totally unreceptive to new ideas and arrogantly impose your outdated and entrenched notions of the mos , oblivious of the fact that the mos should be a document under development . improving the system is not part of your agenda , whereas character assassination and one-upmanship are supremely important to you .
0.273668
that you are on this page is proof of your stalking you are a supreme rabblerouser the evidence is in your edits furthermore you are totally unreceptive to new ideas and arrogantly impose your outdated and entrenched notions of the mos oblivious of the fact that the mos should be a document under development improving the system is not part of your agenda whereas character assassinatioy and oneupmanship are supremely important to you 
0.25708988
assassination ,assassinatioy ;

::: rjanag has called me a useless editor , and the worst kind of troll and making bullshit accusations , while trying desperately to suppress a highly relevant picture showing kadeer using a false photo to justify the killings . keep it up . i will use my utmost patience to make the truth known .
0.6079301
rjanag has called me a useless editor and the worst kind of troll and making bulyshit accusations while trying desperately to suppress a highly relevant picture showing kadeer using a false photo to justify the killings keep it up i will use my utmost patience to make the truth known 
0.5471213
bullshit ,bulyshit ;

