get some glasses you mental fagots , im calling you the idiots shitheads !!!!! what the f@#%k is wrong with you .
0.9699725
get some glasses you mental fagots im calling you the idimts shitheads what the fk is wrong with you 
0.91403836
idiots ,idimts ;

continuous vandalism by several users such as seric2 undid revision 454530404 by you need to explain why you did so . this is vandalism . you are deteriorating the quality and information provided by the article . you wish to present a city that is underdeveloped , has no historical squares and monuments and introduce low quality pictures . this will not remain so . it is clear what your views are and where you are hailing from . unfortunately we cannot twist reality in otder to satisfy your views about nicosia . nicosia is what it is and an encyclopedia must represent it the way it is not the way a fanatlic nationalist dreams it should be . seric2 and other users such as chesdovi used arguments such as the greek flag is appearing in the infobox pic or in the eleftheria square or faneromeni square articles ( while they do enjoy throwing in pics with the illegal trnc flat as well as the turkish flag ) . we are including pictures ( infobox and monument section ) not containing the greek flag , hence twisting reality as the greek flag whether some people like it or not is omnipresent in every single cornern in the republic of cyprus . we are including pictures of the monuments in the occupied part so that the article is representative of the current situation . so please do not vandalise .
0.15073301
continuous avndalism by several users such as seric2 undid revision 454530404 by you need to explain why you did so this is vfndalism you are deteriorating the quality and information provided by the article you wish to present a city that is underdeveloped has no historical squares and monuments and introduce low quality pictures this will not remain so it is clear what your views are and where you are hailing from unfortunately we cannot twist reality in otder to satisfy your views about nicosia nicosia is what it is and an encyclopedia must represent it the way it is not the way a fanatlic nationalist dreams it should be seric2 and other users such as chesdovi used arguments such as the greek flag is appearing in the infobox pic or in the eleftheria square or faneromeni square articles while they do enjoy throwing in pics with the illegal trnc flat as well as the turkish flag we are including pictures infobox and monument section not containing the greek flag hence twisting reality as the greek flag whether some people like it or not is omnipresent in every single cornern in the republic of cyprus we are including pictures of the monuments in the occupied part so that the article is representative of the current situation so please do not vandalise 
0.11075559
vandalism ,avndalism ;

