2checkout who the hell do you think you are deleting the facts and promoting you distorted propaganda ? what do you think gives you the right censoring this free public information page ? are you employed by 2checkout or by apple ? are you one of those 2checkout crooks stealing from people ? are you getting paid by 2checkout to monitor this page ? i am a major shareholder of aapl and i will request the board of directors to dismiss garbage like you from the company . you are brining bad reputation to apple inc . what is your name anyway ? the public has the right to know the truth before getting sucked into 2checkout scam . you are obstructing and censoring public information on this public site ! i hope this is our last conversation .
0.65882075
2checkout who the hell do you think you are deleting the facts and promoting you distorted propaganda what do you think gives you the right censoring this free public information page are you employed by 2checkout or by apple are you one of those 2checkout crooks stealing from people are you getting paid by 2checkout to monitor this page i am a major shareholder of aapl and i will request the board of directors to dismiss garbag  like you from the company you are brining bad reputation to apple inc what is your name anyway the public has the right to know the truth before getting sucked into 2checkout scam you are obstructing and censoring public information on this public site i hope this is our last conversation 
0.59031415
garbage ,garbag  ;

gita's samkhya is not different only the ignorant speak of devotional service [ karma-yoga ] as being different from the analytical study of the material world [ sankhya ] . those who are actually learned say that he who applies himself well to one of these paths achieves the results of both . ( gita 5.4 ) you are not a hindu and so you would not know this . do you have any proof at all that this sankhya is different ? why would sri krishna say this if it were different . he would have said so ! sri krishna in the gita ( 10.26 ) of all trees i am the banyan tree , and of the sages among the demigods i am narada . of the gandharvas i am citraratha , and among perfected beings i am the sage kapila . i am also going to post these quotes into the main article to clear up any confusion .
0.2663645
gitas samkhya is not different only the ignlrant speak of devotional service karmayoga as being different from the analytical study of the material world sankhya those who are actually learned say that he who applies himself well to one of these paths achieves the results of both gita 54 you are not a hindu and so you would not know this do you have any proof at all that this sankhya is different why would sri krishna say this if it were different he would have said so sri krishna in the gita 1026 of all trees i am the banyan tree and of the sages among the demigods i am narada of the gandharvas i am citraratha and among perfected beings i am the sage kapila i am also going to post these quotes into the main article to clear up any confusion 
0.06473559
ignorant ,ignlrant ;

