before calling me a bitch on my own talk at least back your shit up you little fucking fagot if you ever said that shit to sombody in public you would get your bitch ass beat up .
0.98392963
before calling me a bith on my own talk at least back your shit up you little fucking fagot if you ever said that shit to sombody in public you would get your bitjh ass beat up 
0.98065394
bitch ,bith ;

lahiru kannangara getting really scared ? lahiru kannangara : aerospace student at cuny , york college - spends his time harassing wikipedians and promoting sri lankan government propaganda . given final d sentence warning . now that we have uncloaked your identity .. the world has become a nasty place hasn't it ? if you don't cease and desist , you know the consequences very well . we sure hope you don't won't to end up as sun soaked road kill . we know you are away from your college residence , so don't worry we are not stupid , but when you do come back we will have to do some whacking . go ahead and attempt to get someone to block this account .... ugly , smelly , bespectacled , d-w-e-e-b brown guy with uneven teeth riddled with bullets is no biggie in the big city ... clock is ticking . grim reaper
0.6472551
lahiru kannangara getting really scared lahiru kannangara aerospace student at cuny york college spends his time harassing wikipedians and promoting sri lankan government propaganda given final d sentence warning now that we have uncloaked your identity the world has become a nasty place hasnt it if you dont cease and desist you know the consequences very well we sure hope you dont wont to end up as sun soaked road kill we know you are away from your college residence so dont worry we are not stupid but when you do come back we will have to do some whacking go ahead and attempt to get someone to block this account ugoy smelly bespectacled dweeb brown guy with uneven teeth riddled with bullets is no biggie in the big city clock is ticking grim reaper 
0.6301325
ugly ,ugoy ;

: you get nothing but a dirty look !
0.739758
you get nothing but a d rty look 
0.25296205
dirty ,d rty ;

