goodnightmush , i have two words for you go fuck your self . it you don't beleive what i'm writing ; as i said : fuck you , fuck your mother fuck your sister fuck biggy fuck junior mafia and fuck your crew .
0.98984665
goodnightmush i have two words for you go ufck your self it you dont beleive what im writing as i said fuco you ufck your mother iuck your sister fukc biggy fbck junior mafia and fucvk your crew 
0.6896543
fuck, ufck; fuck, fuco; fuck, ufck; fuck, iuck; fuck, fukc; fuck, fbck; fuck, fucvk; 

although ken barnes is a fucking moron , we need more criticism to balance it out hi , as one of the primary authors of this page , i want to make it absolutely clear that i in no way agree with the ridiculous statements made in the citation i added from rock critic ken barnes . having contributed nothing to music himself , it is outrageous that he would have the nerve to attack what is arguably the greatest queen album . nonetheless , we need criticism as well in order to better balance the article out . i have also added many wonderful things lately , such as freddie's top listings in international polls , so don't worry too much . i also want to make it clear that , although i cite rolling stone a lot , i basically consider it to be a magazine for people who are musically illiterate . forgive me , freddie !
0.6070451
although ken barnes is a fuckingi moron we need more criticism to balance it out hi as one of the primary authors of this page i want to make it absolutely clear that i in no way agree with the ridiculous statements made in the citation i added from rock critic ken barnes having contributed nothing to music himself it is outrageous that he would have the nerve to attack what is arguably the greatest queen album nonetheless we need criticism as well in order to better balance the article out i have also added many wonderful things lately such as freddies top listings in international polls so dont worry too much i also want to make it clear that although i cite rolling stone a lot i basically consider it to be a magazine for people who are musically illiterate forgive me freddie 
0.2618414
fucking, fuckingi; 

it's abrevashun ! it makes stuff shorter , u f***er ! i'll nswer dat queshton , now f *** off & let me do it ! 5:00 , 6 august 2007 ( utc )
0.67228293
its abrevashun it makes stuff shorter u fer ill nswer dat queshton now f off let me do it 500 6 august 2007 utoc 
0.37470728
utc, utoc; 

