::: damn you , hugh ! circles are a pain in the ass to draw in gimp/photoshop - but for you ... how do you suggest - a blow out zoomin in ( otherwise iom and ci area always going to be hard to see . ) a circle is tough too because it is going to cut into northern frace to take in the ci .
0.69800526
damn you hugh circles are a pain in the azss to draw in gimpphotoshop but for you how do you suggest a blow out zoomin in otherwise iom and ci area always going to be hard to see a circle is tough too because it is going to cut into northern frace to take in the ci 
0.5096289
ass, azss; 

yet another fud-tastic contribution from . did you copy the color template for that from the everybody panic ! terror alert ! system ? your posts are the editorial tire fire of this discussion . why not link in a few of those whack-a-mole and hit the flying monkey for a free xbox ! ads while you're at it . should we contribute our own visual masterpieces ?, maybe some equally biased garbage like interpretive photoshops of the mediadefender perps right before they get acquainted with their new cellmates ? http://i10.tinypic.com/4uu6nhf.jpg . visceral rubbish like this maybe belongs on digg or fark , but not wikipedia . war is peace ; freedom is slavery ; ignorance is strength , and the most obnoxious riposte is always the more accurate , right ?
0.41076985
yet another fudtastic contribution from did you copy the color template for that from the everybody panic terror alert system your posts are the editorial tire fire of this discussion why not link in a few of those whackamole and hit the flying monkey for a free xbox ads while youre at it should we contribute our own visual masterpieces maybe some equally biased garbage like interpretive photoshops of the mediadefender perps right before they get acquainted with their new cellmates httpi10tinypiccom4uu6nhfjpg visceral rusbbish like this maybe belongs on digg or fark but not wikipedia war is peace freedom is slavery ignorance is strength and the most obnoxious riposte is always the more accurate right 
0.29761115
rubbish, rusbbish; 

