reply yo-yo ma you're using what i said every time i edited and just pinpointed this one sentence . i very well know that to be an american , you think like an american . that's it . however , you're getting way too technical . beyond technical . super technical . if some random person starts reading his article and sees that he's an american , he might just have the perception of him being american . let me ask you what the hell is wrong with putting chinese-american ? it's stupid to like saying you are what you are now , you must forget your past . outrageous .
0.6174832
reply yoyo ma youre using what i said every time i edited and just pinpointed this one sentence i very well know that to be an american you think like an american thats it however youre getting way too technical beyond technical super technical if some random person starts reading his article and sees that hes an american he might just have the perception of him being american let me ask you what the hell is wrong with putting chineseamerican its setupid to like saying you are what you are now you must forget your past outrageous 
0.4080629
stupid, setupid; 

don't make me say this place is a dump . put it in or else .
0.4916635
dont make me say this place is a dudmp put it in or else 
0.2121749
dump, dudmp; 

you are incredibly smart ! did you know that ? i am writing about the title of the country x and in that article you are telling me i should add : this article includes text from the wikipedia article x . oh my , let wikipedia be full of unexpanded articles that people stop editing because some people who have nothing better to do with their lives than to sit in front of a computer and be administrators on wikipedia . how do you translate this into english : you are a failure !
0.38846982
you are incredibly smart did you know that i am writing about the title of the country x and in that article you are telling me i should add this article includes text from the wikipedia article x oh my let wikipedia be full of unexpanded articles that people stop editing because some people who have nothing better to do with their lives than to sit in front of a computer and be administrators on wikipedia how do you translate this into english you are a lfailure 
0.25374624
failure, lfailure; 

stop screwing with my edits , copyright is for fools !
0.7371807
stop screwinog with my edits copyright is for fools 
0.63173896
screwing, screwinog; 

