? but the real question is why is that noteworthy ? is it news ? why don't you also write about how my farts smell ? shall i write about how you pick your nose in public and then eat your bubbkas ? shall i write that you never wipe your arse well enough and that there are always urine stains down your pants and you frequently forget to zip your fly as you eat twinkies ? suppose i write in the article about you that many people think you are a pedophile and in fact there are several demented people on the net who have said that you are a pedophile ? is that not actionable ? this is all hypothetical mr. david e . siegel because in fact i have no evidence at all that you are a pedophile and i am not at all accusing you of being a pedophile right ? this is all an academic exercise to get through your obviously thick skull that me calling you a pedophile , i mean simply reporting that other people have written such lies , would be actionable if i really were to do that on the basis of baseless reports by vicious low-life scumbags who were out to do you harm . you writing that i am a crank etc . is exactly as bad as if i were to falsely accuse you of being a predatory pedophile , which i am not doing of course , simply because i found such trash about you on the usenet groups . capsice
0.7047539
but the real question is why is that noteworthy is it news why dont you also write about how my farts smell shall i write about how you pick your nose in public and then eat your bubbkas shall i write that you never wipe your arse well enough and that there are always urine stains down your pants and you frequently forget to zip your fly as you eat twinkies suppose i write in the article about you that many people think you are a psedophile and in fact there are several demented people on the net who have said that you are a pedohpile is that not actionable this is all hypothetical mr david e siegel because in fact i have no evidence at all that you are a peodphile and i am not at all accusing you of being a pedohpile right this is all an academic exercise to get through your obviously thick skull that me calling you a pedopiile i mean simply reporting that other people have written such lies would be actionable if i really were to do that on the basis of baseless reports by vicious lowlife scumbags who were out to do you harm you writing that i am a crank etc is exactly as bad as if i were to falsely accuse you of being a predatory pedocphile which i am not doing of course simply because i found such trash about you on the usenet groups capsice 
0.6160905
pedophile, psedophile; pedophile, pedohpile; pedophile, peodphile; pedophile, pedohpile; pedophile, pedopiile; pedophile, pedocphile; 

the guy who thinks he is secretly a bunny rabbit is insulting me . wow .
0.5884751
the guy who thinks he is secretly a bunny rabbit is insultinga me wow 
0.45878905
insulting, insultinga; 

overly apolegetic to muslims ? looks like pakistani sock puppets are very active . guess they are done with mukhtaran mai .
0.46836588
overly apolegetic to muslimds looks like pakistani sock puppets are very active guess they are done with mukhtaran mai 
0.43727908
muslims, muslimds; 

