: goths listen to gothic rock , not to baby pop . if you want you can find sources for every shit .
0.778364
goths listen to gothic rock not to baby pop if you want you can find sources for every schit 
0.14552718
shit, schit; 

fuck you ! fuck you ! you are uncivil to continue to waste my time and to continue to write me message ! i dont care about wikipedia i just use it for my user page so fuck you hahahahhahahaha ! suicide yourself please you are a dirty dust in this society . my user page cannot be deleted so fuck you hahahah lamer wasting people time is crime . i will sue your mind .
0.9826916
fukc you fucz you you are uncivil to continue to waste my time and to continue to write me message i dont care about wikipedia i just use it for my user page so fukc you hahahahhahahaha suicide yourself please you are a dirty dust in this society my user page cannot be deleted so fuchk you hahahah lamer wasting people time is crime i will sue your mind 
0.8372032
fuck, fukc; fuck, fucz; fuck, fukc; fuck, fuchk; 

omp way to not answer . i apologized for the ' dar dar dar ' thing and i ask nicely why you are willing to permit a page about a frickin ' spaghetti monster and yet not penelopism , an actual belief system and you don't frickin ' answer . honestly . do you believe in this spaghetti monster ? is that it ? you believe this monster to be real ? a monster made of spaghetti ? omp why ? i'm being civil . i'm not being rude . so pliss . answer the frickin ' question , darblick .
0.4268235
omp way to not answer i apologized for the dar dar dar thing and i ask nicely why you are willing to permit a page about a frwckin spaghetti monster and yet not penelopism an actual belief system and you dont frickinv answer honestly do you believe in this spaghetti monster is that it you believe this monster to be real a monster made of spaghetti omp why im being civil im not being rude so pliss answer the fcrickin question darblick 
0.37425134
frickin, frwckin; frickin, frickinv; frickin, fcrickin; 

