:: yes , douche , but an article does have to be neutral . happyme22 has consistently been aggressiv in keeping the nancy reagan article skewed towards her favor . if you check that article's talk page , you will see several admissions by him that he is clearly in her favor , and that his edits to her article are aggressive in such a manner that there should be no question of his bias . that you ( and other adtiors/administrators ) have been so lax in blocking him for making non-npov edits to her articleonly goes to prove -again- that wikipedia is nothing more than a media manipulated brainwashing machine . fuck you , wikipedai , you just lost a user ever .
0.79815096
yes douche but an article does have to be neutral happyme22 has consistently been aggressiv in keeping the nancy reagan article skewed towards her favor if you check that articles talk page you will see several admissions by him that he is clearly in her favor and that his edits to her article are aggressive in such a manner that there should be no question of his bias that you and other adtiorsadministrators have been so lax in blocking him for making nonnpov edits to her articleonly goes to prove again that wikipedia is nothing more than a media manipulated brainwashing machine fyuck you wikipedai you just lost a user ever 
0.2901531
fuck, fyuck; 

you are a bunch of fools and idiots . you removed my last post because it revealed what fools you are !! this is obviously a one-sided match as i do not have sysop/administrator rights . if you don't like what i post , then don't read it !!! let others decide !!! once again , this is wikipedia censorship .
0.86757314
you are a bunch of fools and idieots you removed my last post because it revealed what fools you are this is obviously a onesided match as i do not have sysopadministrator rights if you dont like what i post then dont read it let others decide once again this is wikipedia censorship 
0.75478494
idiots, idieots; 

vat d hel du ju vant nau go fuck yourself get a life
0.97927296
vat d hel du ju vant nau go fquck yourself get a life 
0.61302656
fuck, fquck; 

ahem die . now . kthxbye .
0.64504915
ahem dieg now kthxbye 
0.23847999
die, dieg; 

first off , you're no one to tell me what edit becsuse what i did to the text is display one thing , the truth ! i watched every second of that relaity program and what i mentioned in the updates are the facts ! you blatantly lied about stuff that happened on the show and suggested that john brown was this great rapper that everyone picked on ! you're full of shit just as much as john brown ! john brown is bullshit ! you don't like what i have to say here , go to hell where you belong . i came on here to lay out the truth because your description of the show is full of lies !!! thank goodness i have a good memeory because i just exposed you for the fraud you are , fool !
0.82697135
first off youre no one to tell me what edit becsuse what i did to the text is display one thing the truth i watched every second of that relaity program and what i mentioned in the updates are the facts you blatantly lied about stuff that happened on the show and suggested that john brown was this great rapper that everyone picked on youre full of bshit just as much as john brown john brown is bullshit you dont like what i have to say here go to hell where you belong i came on here to lay out the truth because your description of the show is full of lies thank goodness i have a good memeory because i just exposed you for the fraud you are fool 
0.7980155
shit, bshit; 

write up the truth ! you don't want me to attack your ass , write the truth !!!! i saw the damn show !!!! i know exactly what happened on the show and i take great exception to the lying that you posted about this show !!! now if you tone down on your foolishness and your lies , then we're straight !!! but right now , you're insulting my intelligence !!!
0.83950603
write up the truth you dont want me to attack your assg write the truth i saw the damn show i know exactly what happened on the show and i take great exception to the lying that you posted about this show now if you tone down on your foolishness and your lies then were straight but right now youre insulting my intelligence 
0.60646856
ass, assg; 

