:::: i think it was kevin who initiated this slanging match with his lazy cool-aid jibe . but you have made your political inclinations clear to me . you appear to be using this as a forum also .
0.13152981
i think it was kevin who initiated this slanging match with his liazy coolaid jibe but you have made your political inclinations clear to me you appear to be using this as a forum also 
0.06698544
lazy, liazy; 

fuck you hey fuck you , who the fuck checks phnom nam lyr wildlife sanctuary for vandalism . get a fucking life you turd bag
0.9873467
fxuck you hey lfuck you who the fcuck checks phnom nam lyr wildlife sanctuary for vandalism get a fucking life you turd bag 
0.9675633
fuck, fxuck; fuck, lfuck; fuck, fcuck; 

the reason is that you are too lazy to clear all the crap in english wiki .
0.74530065
the reason is that you are too lazy to clear all the creap in english wiki 
0.4802331
crap, creap; 

dirty boy you are a dirty , dirty boy . dirty boy . come here to mommy and pull your wee-wee out . pull it out further , stretch it out . is that as far as it goes ? ok . now hold it still while mommy takes a puff off her glass pipe . then mommy is going to hold the pipe against the dirty boy's penis ... it will hurt but its only because mommy loves her dirty little boy ... hold still ...
0.8660691
drity boy you are a dirtny hdirty boy dirtw boy come here to mommy and pull your weewee out pull it out further stretch it out is that as far as it goes ok now hold it still while mommy takes a puff off her glass pipe then mommy is going to hold the pipe against the diryt boys penis it will hurt but its only because mommy loves her vdirty little boy hold still 
0.7271705
dirty, drity; dirty, dirtny; dirty, hdirty; dirty, dirtw; dirty, diryt; dirty, vdirty; 

a question for ejf why is it you persist in deleting my delete on the page about nothing . for a page to be about nothing it must have nothing on it or it is about something . now if you're going to be that much of a boring old git about it perhaps you should spend your time trying to make somebody elses world a little less fun or do you enjoy making things more boring than they could be ?
0.336237
a question for ejf why is it you persist in deleting my delete on the page about nothing for a page to be about nothing it must have nothing on it or it is about something now if youre going to be that much of a broing old git about it perhaps you should spend your time trying to make somebody elses world a little less fun or do you enjoy making things more tboring than they could be 
0.19696938
boring, broing; boring, tboring; 

