: family feud does tape at tvc now , and you appear to have a very uncivil mouth yourself . who died and made you boss anyhow ?
0.51501584
family feud does tape at tvc now and you appear to have a very uncivil m outh yourself who died and made you boss anyhow 
0.331522
mouth, m outh;

fuck of u mother fucker .. rajputs were the kings and they just gave repect to brahmins dosent mean brahmins were strong .. the ruler were rajputs .. the decision makers were rajputs .. the fighters were rajputs .. and wat about parshurama .. i tell u he aslo conceded his defeat to lord rama who was a survanshiya kshatriya rajput .. u get lost ..
0.9227248
fiuck of u mother fucker rajputs were the kings and they just gave repect to brahmins dosent mean brahmins were strong the ruler were rajputs the decision makers were rajputs the fighters were rajputs and wat about parshurama i tell u he aslo conceded his defeat to lord rama who was a survanshiya kshatriya rajput u get lost 
0.7981583
fuck, fiuck;

he he vandalism for writing in something truthful that you disagree with . lmao , liar .
0.6231256
he he vandalism for writing in something truthful that you disagree with lmao liarp 
0.41317037
liar, liarp;

the only reason my ip showed is that this rag's logg-in failed and then you rhaworth cowardly blocked me to purvey your lies you stinking putrid piece of trash , you are the coward . i'm 6'1 and well versed in advanced marshall arts and will meet you any time and any place . got that that ye ;; ow coward ? i'm teaching my groupies how to edit this piece of garbage . if you are looking for trouble you have certainly found it . i have also turned a screen capture of your threatening photo and hacker talk at your user page over to the proper police authorities and contacted my lawyer to sue this rag for clear libel and participatory patent infringement . got that you piece of s ? i have removed all semblances of the book kinematic self-replicating machines and its authors because they contain copyrighted materials of mine and are infringing and keeping notes of all the user names promoting and protecting them . i am removing reprap because as set forth above it is not '' any form of self-replicator and the project refuses to give me credit for my ideas , well set forth within the description of my patent . further he has a huge site twice as large as my proposed article . oh , one more thing i spit in all of your rotting faces , including wikipedia itself . go to h #ll . : charles michael collins .
0.6795925
the only reason my ip showed is that this rags loggin failed and then you rhaworth cowardly blocked me to purvey your lies you stninking putrid piece of trash you are the coward im 61 and well versed in advanced marshall arts and will meet you any time and any place got that that ye ow coward im teaching my groupies how to edit this piece of garbage if you are looking for trouble you have certainly found it i have also turned a screen capture of your threatening photo and hacker talk at your user page over to the proper police authorities and contacted my lawyer to sue this rag for clear libel and participatory patent infringement got that you piece of s i have removed all semblances of the book kinematic selfreplicating machines and its authors because they contain copyrighted materials of mine and are infringing and keeping notes of all the user names promoting and protecting them i am removing reprap because as set forth above it is not any form of selfreplicator and the project refuses to give me credit for my ideas well set forth within the description of my patent further he has a huge site twice as large as my proposed article oh one more thing i spit in all of your rotting faces including wikipedia itself go to h ll charles michael collins 
0.615004
stinking, stninking;

