the aclu is on your ass ! this latino will never get up until everyone of you racist wikkkipedia gringos are behind bars !
0.93876946
the aclu is on your asbs this latino will never get up until everyone of you racist wikkkipedia gringos are behind bars 
0.8232543
ass, asbs; 

( either you are an idiot or an asshole )
0.95779234
either you are an idipot or an asshole 
0.9332915
idiot, idipot; 

xymmax has anyone noticed that this guy is a complete cunt sniffer ? he goes around , trying to play god , changing people's edits that they have worked very very hard on . not only that , but he apparently finds it extremely amusing to mock dyslexia , which is the cause of any spelling mistakes . ever . seriously , he probably still lives with his parents . fuck him . oh , wait , no one ever would cuz hes gross and dirty and stinky and a complete ass spalunker .
0.9532951
xymmax has anyone noticed that this guy is a complete cunt sniffer he goes around trying to play god changing peoples edits that they have worked very very hard on not only that but he apparently finds it extremely amusing to mock dyslexia which is the cause of any spelling mistakes ever seriously he probably still lives with his parents rfuck him oh wait no one ever would cuz hes gross and dirty and stinky and a complete ass spalunker 
0.9171395
fuck, rfuck; 

:::: see , look at your page , no verifiability , just his guesses that he claims are always correct . no proof , just his because i said so . my mother used that on me all my life , she was wrong too . he's a fan , not connected with the show . point blank , he's a fan that guesses , nothing more . that means he's unreliable . i cannot believe this sheet . i get banned for being honest about a speculating liar .
0.33324483
see look at your page no verifiability just his guesses that he claims are always correct no proof just his because i said so my mother used that on me all my life she was wrong too hes a fan not connected with the show point blank hes a fan that guesses nothing more that means hes unreliable i cannot believe this sheet i get banned for being honest about a speculating lkiar 
0.17934366
liar, lkiar; 

