queer wow ur so fucking gay u should go die
0.9817077
queer wow ur so fucking gay u should go jdie 
0.9805135
die, jdie; 

: hey asshole , i'm creamy3 . why don't you go suck on your mommy's dried up , saggy , crusty old titties . go ahead and lick her sweaty , stinky old cunt while you're at it . fuck you cocksucker .
0.9894804
hey asshole im creamy3 why dont you go suck on your mommys dried up saggy crusty old titties go ahead and lick her sweaty stinky old cunt while youre at it fuuck you cocksucker 
0.98351616
fuck, fuuck; 

horrible reading this whole article reads like it's been written by a 6th grader . i recommend a total revamp .
0.3504034
horribhle reading this whole article reads like its been written by a 6th grader i recommend a total revamp 
0.08754847
horrible, horribhle; 

, a democrat cyber thug , banns me due to differences in writing style . gamaliel uses this place as a sword for his own power drunk political agenda . gamaliel have absolutely no evidence to say i'm a sock of joehazleton other then the asinine duck test i would call the duck test an litmus test of any editor , which edits on political bio . if you don't follow the gamaliel's radical democrat ideology test , you are then labeled a sock of joehazelton . this is outrages , an abuse of power and due process as it shows wikipeidia unfit to to have any bios on it and i would encourage any with a wiki bio to investigate their legal options and force wikipieida to removed their biography from this website .
0.2912462
a democrat cyber thug banns me due to differences in writing style gamaliel uses this place as a sword for his own power drunk political agenda gamaliel have absolutely no evidence to say im a sock of joehazleton other then the absinine duck test i would call the duck test an litmus test of any editor which edits on political bio if you dont follow the gamaliels radical democrat ideology test you are then labeled a sock of joehazelton this is outrages an abuse of power and due process as it shows wikipeidia unfit to to have any bios on it and i would encourage any with a wiki bio to investigate their legal options and force wikipieida to removed their biography from this website 
0.2515632
asinine, absinine; 

ready to fuck you up old school see the inviting place with it's friendly and fair administrators ready to give you an olde time wiki welcome . see the how this admin feels about wikilov this admin , a democrat cyber thug , banns me due to differences in writing style . gamaliel uses this place as a sword for his own power drunk political agenda . gamaliel have absolutely no evidence to say i'm a sock of joehazleton other then the asinine duck test i would call the duck test an litmus test of any editor , which edits on political bio . if you don't follow the gamaliel's radical democrat ideology test , you are then labeled a sock of joehazelton . this is outrages , an abuse of power and due process as it shows wikipeidia unfit to to have any bios on it and i would encourage any with a wiki bio to investigate their legal options and force wikipieida to removed their biography from this website .
0.7928107
ready to fuckb you up old school see the inviting place with its friendly and fair administrators ready to give you an olde time wiki welcome see the how this admin feels about wikilov this admin a democrat cyber thug banns me due to differences in writing style gamaliel uses this place as a sword for his own power drunk political agenda gamaliel have absolutely no evidence to say im a sock of joehazleton other then the asinine duck test i would call the duck test an litmus test of any editor which edits on political bio if you dont follow the gamaliels radical democrat ideology test you are then labeled a sock of joehazelton this is outrages an abuse of power and due process as it shows wikipeidia unfit to to have any bios on it and i would encourage any with a wiki bio to investigate their legal options and force wikipieida to removed their biography from this website 
0.3020523
fuck, fuckb; 

ziggy sawdust is an idiot don't delete my first page
0.87983257
ziggy sawdust is an idniot dont delete my first page 
0.32733417
idiot, idniot; 

