more negative coatrack and cruft by to bad stuff like this don't find it's way in to melissa bean or stuff like this in jill morgenthaler's bios ??? considering goethean hates roskam and his activities violates wp : coi regarding his editing on this bio ( goethean's bias on rosakam ) which shows a systemic bias . but , then again no matter wikipeidia policy and ethics - only democrats , who are approved by gothean and his master and wp : spa puppet are allowed . classic case of wp : own . only dccc point of view is approved . lets just lose the pretense of fairness here and just consider this bio an official dccc online version , and not any thing npov and far from encyclopedic and fair . all of which give more proof that section 230 should be revised and rewrite to make those responsible accountable . a word to personally , how can you have any kind an ethical religion and engage in such disingenuous and behavior , contrary to your own belief system ( hindu buda etc . ) which i see you engage in , on wikipeida ??? i wonder how you look at your self in the mirror or even sleep at night , unless you have compartmentalized your mind off so well as you can stay sane with the hypocrisy you seem to demonstrate by your own behavior ? what you do and what you seem to believe in seem in conflict ? lies , censorship , mis-information wikipeidia and it's cult of lies , and all cultist fear true and need to engage need to engage in it rather then the light of day . only evil can exist in the dark of such . to gothenan , i have grown up in chicago and seen democrats and their thugs beat up people , for pulling republican votes . i have seen first hand .. i have seen vote fraud institutionalized where only democratic votes were counted and elections stolen as normal way of life with jokes like dead vote , or vote early for often or the wino vote ... all coming for crook country political culture ( dont believe me read boss by mike roko ) . gothean you so full of your elitist garbage and self righteous self , you fail to understand who's the real thug here . i lived , me and my family , in the county of cook ( crook ) were corruption and taxes are on a scale rivaling a bannana republic a blue paradise of corruption , so bad i move to dupage to get away from it - i say to you , if is so bad in dupage/and the sixth , then gothenan , move back to chicago ... get your head out of your ass and your figging buda books and look at the realities and stop the big lie you foist on the ignorant .
0.60401225
more negative coatrack and cruft by to bad stuff like this dont find its way in to melissa bean or stuff like this in jill morgenthalers bios considering goethean hates roskam and his activities violates wp coi regarding his editing on this bio goetheans bias on rosakam which shows a systemic bias but then again no matter wikipeidia policy and ethics only democrats who are approved by gothean and his master and wp spa puppet are allowed classic case of wp own only dccc point of view is approved lets just lose the pretense of fairness here and just consider this bio an official dccc online version and not any thing npov and far from encyclopedic and fair all of which give more proof that section 230 should be revised and rewrite to make those responsible accountable a word to personally how can you have any kind an ethical religion and engage in such disingenuous and behavior contrary to your own belief system hindu buda etc which i see you engage in on wikipeida i wonder how you look at your self in the mirror or even sleep at night unless you have compartmentalized your mind off so well as you can stay sane with the hypocrisy you seem to demonstrate by your own behavior what you do and what you seem to believe in seem in conflict lies censorship misinformation wikipeidia and its cult of lies and all cultist fear true and need to engage need to engage in it rather then the light of day only evil can exist in the dark of such to gothenan i have grown up in chicago and seen democrats and their thugs beat up people for pulling republican votes i have seen first hand i have seen vote fraud institutionalized where only democratic votes were counted and elections stolen as normal way of life with jokes like dead vote or vote early for often or the wino vote all coming for crook country political culture dont believe me read boss by mike roko gothean you so full of your elitist garbage and self righteous self you fail to understand whos the real thug here i lived me and my family in the county of cook crook were corruption and taxes are on a scale rivaling a bannana republic a blue paradise of corruption so bad i move to dupage to get away from it i say to you if is so bad in dupageand the sixth then gothenan move back to chicago get your head out of your amss and your figging buda books and look at the realities and stop the big lie you foist on the ignorant 
0.5477991
ass, amss; 

hard to be constructive when the other party behaves like a godking thug .
0.6128015
hard to be constructive when the other party behaves like a godking thugx 
0.35873908
thug, thugx; 

