those who put it in my ass
0.91678876
those who put it in my assp 
0.20572479
ass, assp; 

i give you facts and you spew politics . i don't have to stand for that . you are being stupid . stupidity destroys
0.93834656
i give you facts and you spew politics i dont have to stand for that you are being jstupid stupidity destroys 
0.8513917
stupid, jstupid; 

:: you are an open source patent buster . you attacked the collins patents first , right ? i give you facts and you spew politics . i don't have to stand for that . you are being stupid . stupidity destroys . you are one idiot of many . you are worthless . apologize for that and i will for mine . but i still hate you . that is a solid fact . there is something wrong with people like you , but that's your problem . :: also , unlike hod lipson's bigoted crazy comments on how legal immigrants doing all the work ( meaning dirty work as he had referred to ) you , feitas , merkle roco ( who runs the entire nano department at nsf and he's an x communist scientist ! ) are taking our good jobs , in fact stealing them as they were stolen from me and as they are stealing the collins patent . :: ... oh , and you said you came here 15 years ago to do work that no american was able to do . what a pompous ass ! you think you are better than any american living here ? go to hell !
0.84856474
you are an open source patent buster you attacked the collins patents first right i give you facts and you spew politics i dont have to stand for that you are being stupqid stupidity destroys you are one idiot of many you are worthless apologize for that and i will for mine but i still hate you that is a solid fact there is something wrong with people like you but thats your problem also unlike hod lipsons bigoted crazy comments on how legal immigrants doing all the work meaning dirty work as he had referred to you feitas merkle roco who runs the entire nano department at nsf and hes an x communist scientist are taking our good jobs in fact stealing them as they were stolen from me and as they are stealing the collins patent oh and you said you came here 15 years ago to do work that no american was able to do what a pompous ass you think you are better than any american living here go to hell 
0.81192595
stupid, stupqid; 

are u stil a aids carrier ? hey amor , i was wondering if you still have hiv ? welp , lemme know
0.46503457
are u stil a aidfs carrier hey amor i was wondering if you still have hiv welp lemme know 
0.42181203
aids, aidfs; 

he or she is accusin me of shit i didnt do y not warn him or her i didnt edit cross clothes until i was told i edited that shit ( which i didnt)but no u jus blame me now if he or she dont apologise 4 accusin me of shit i didnt do then i will write shit 2 him or her im not gonna be accused of shit i didnt do end of
0.79005015
he or she is accusin me of shyit i didnt do y not warn him or her i didnt edit cross clothes until i was told i edited that hshit which i didntbut no u jus blame me now if he or she dont apologise 4 accusin me of shixt i didnt do then i will write tshit 2 him or her im not gonna be accused of sthit i didnt do end of 
0.22241619
shit, shyit; shit, hshit; shit, shixt; shit, tshit; shit, sthit; 

