what !!!!!!!!?!?!!?!?!!?!?!?!?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!??????????????????????????????????????????????????????!!!!!! wher is your sexy pic gone from your main page ???????? put it back
0.62524086
what wher is your sgexy pic gone from your main page put it back 
0.30693793
sexy, sgexy; 

:: what ? wtf does it matter if he knew about the explosives or not ? he set up the operation and the same people he was working with gave access to the explosives . and in any case , i question if it is worth believing a single word that comes from mubin's mouth . the man is a scumbag that picks on 12 year old kids and sniffs coke , and 4 million buys a lot of lies .
0.5676814
what wtf does it matter if he knew about the explosives or not he set up the operation and the same people he was working with gave access to the explosives and in any case i question if it is worth believing a single word that comes from mubins mouth the man is a scuumbag that picks on 12 year old kids and sniffs coke and 4 million buys a lot of lies 
0.3687963
scumbag, scuumbag; 

epic fail ha ha ha ha failed again !!!!!!!! goodye bitches . ps : fuck you !!
0.9874917
epic fail ha ha ha ha failed again goodye bitches ps kfuck you 
0.96707726
fuck, kfuck; 

i have added ai - ifa - iaf approved content to this article . i have added ai - ifa - iaf approved content to this article . the homepage of the anarchist internatonal , www.anarchy.no , is not nonsensensial . try to prove it and you will fail . the article anarchist international on wikipedia is objective and to the point . the organizations/networks associated to the anarchist international are found at the link-page of www.anarchy.no , and then there is a big network of networkmembers/subscribers related to the different organizations/networks . as for zazaban i have problems with taking him seriously . in a discussion on anarchism.net he answered with the following intelligent and a bit ochlarchical statements : you're one to talk . - and , just to see how you react ; fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck . fuck fuck . fuck . source . i would not put too much weight on what he means . i don't think such comments are funny . anarchist greetings anna quist
0.9781536
i have added ai ifa iaf approved content to this article i have added ai ifa iaf approved content to this article the homepage of the anarchist internatonal wwwanarchyno is not nonsensensial try to prove it and you will fail the article anarchist international on wikipedia is objective and to the point the organizationsnetworks associated to the anarchist international are found at the linkpage of wwwanarchyno and then there is a big network of networkmemberssubscribers related to the different organizationsnetworks as for zazaban i have problems with taking him seriously in a discussion on anarchismnet he answered with the following intelligent and a bit ochlarchical statements youre one to talk and just to see how you react  fuco fujk flck fuckb  fukc fuzck fukc fuckm fueck source i would not put too much weight on what he means i dont think such comments are funny anarchist greetings anna quist 
0.14155537
fuck, ; fuck, fuco; fuck, fujk; fuck, flck; fuck, fuckb; fuck, ; fuck, fukc; fuck, fuzck; fuck, fukc; fuck, fuckm; fuck, fueck; 

epic fail i sucked cambridge's ballz all night . have a good day .
0.7941456
epic fail i suckaed cambridges ballz all night have a good day 
0.51992375
sucked, suckaed; 

