u think editing our comments will make us go away ??!! buckle up son ! prepare to meet the 305 reaper ! ;( ) ,.,.,.,.,.,
0.46527353
u think editing our comments will make us go away buckle up son prepare to meet the 305 reapera 
0.2742498
reaper, reapera; 

u fuck u man u r a asshole block me i hate wikipedia
0.9849225
u fuyck u man u r a asshole block me i hate wikipedia 
0.9488448
fuck, fuyck; 

layne staley who told you that you crackhead , i think someone would hae known whether he had a kid or not which he didnt , dumb ass !
0.9040912
layne staley who told you that you crackhead i think someone would hae known whether he had a kid or not which he didnt dumb assb 
0.7820423
ass, assb; 

holy shit , dude holy shit , dude ! do you do nothing but sit on wikipedia ? all you seem to do is use a very gay sounding software called huggle and revert edits in the blink of an eye . that sucks !
0.9514982
holy hsit dude holy sheit dude do you do nothing but sit on wikipedia all you seem to do is use a very gay sounding software called huggle and revert edits in the blink of an eye that sucks 
0.8618571
shit, hsit; shit, sheit; 

why good sir ? why ? you , sir , obviously do not comprehend the importance of no scopes . as a kind and generous wikipedian , take the time to understand the effect this article has on issues such as world hunger , which i hear singapore has a lot of . by deleting this article , you are , in effect , fellating the proverbial penis of all that is evil . why the fuck did you delete our goddamn article . now my dreams , they are so lonely , as my article seems to be . behind these blue eyes , i can see through your supposed good intentions , into the black soul that is your true self . my love for this article is vengance , that will not be free until i crush your soul and destroy any evidence of your pathetic presence on this earth . i hope you contract a foreign disease and your penis falls off , if you even have one . i will force your children into indentured servitude , and all of your lowly descendants will be cursed with abnormal navel hair growth forever . my angry , bloodthirsty army is waiting to beseige your house , and burn everything you have ever owned , until your physical being is engulfed by the black hole that is your perverted heart . i will also delete your slanderous works , and bring singapore to a speedy , fiery deletion off of the face of the earth . i will not rest until complete vengance has been bought upon you , and the stairway to heaven crashes down upon you and your so called morales . god and satan alike frown upon you from their thrones . fuck you and all you stand for . you my good fellow are a cunt and i hope you enjoy the rest of eternity in the fiery pits of hell . i hope that speedy death swarms about you like locusts , slowly devouring the very fabric of your being .
0.87007356
why good sir why you sir obviously do not comprehend the importance of no scopes as a kind and generous wikipedian take the time to understand the effect this article has on issues such as world hunger which i hear singapore has a lot of by deleting this article you are in effect fellating the proverbial penis of all that is evil why the fukc did you delete our goddamn article now my dreams they are so lonely as my article seems to be behind these blue eyes i can see through your supposed good intentions into the black soul that is your true self my love for this article is vengance that will not be free until i crush your soul and destroy any evidence of your pathetic presence on this earth i hope you contract a foreign disease and your penis falls off if you even have one i will force your children into indentured servitude and all of your lowly descendants will be cursed with abnormal navel hair growth forever my angry bloodthirsty army is waiting to beseige your house and burn everything you have ever owned until your physical being is engulfed by the black hole that is your perverted heart i will also delete your slanderous works and bring singapore to a speedy fiery deletion off of the face of the earth i will not rest until complete vengance has been bought upon you and the stairway to heaven crashes down upon you and your so called morales god and satan alike frown upon you from their thrones fuckr you and all you stand for you my good fellow are a cunt and i hope you enjoy the rest of eternity in the fiery pits of hell i hope that speedy death swarms about you like locusts slowly devouring the very fabric of your being 
0.7219741
fuck, fukc; fuck, fuckr; 

that's rich . dude fucking stalks me , prevents me from doing anything on this shitty little site , and i'm the one that gets fucking blocked ? suck my cock wikipedia .
0.96412027
thats rich dude fcuking stalks me prevents me from doing anything on this shitty little site and im the one that gets fuckindg blocked suck my cock wikipedia 
0.9592319
fucking, fcuking; fucking, fuckindg; 

