:: gee , dreambarf , visitors will come slowly , not all in one day , and eb is not liked by the great unwashed majority of bigfoot fans , who are only one step over wiki admins in iq . intelligent people in the bigfoot field , about ten , are continually trashed on the net by losers , drop outs and good ol boyz with gunracks and six packs . why don't you know this ? because you are too busy fighting off those who do not like you over at your own userpage , and the pages you started . lots of wiki people do not like you , dude . not just me ... lots of others . i see it , i read it . it is true . back in 1606 or whatever , you would have burned galileo . jeff .
0.3104954
gee dreambarf visitors will come slowly not all in one day and eb is not liked by the great unwashed majority of bigfoot fans who are only one step over wiki admins in ipq intelligent people in the bigfoot field about ten are continually trashed on the net by losers drop outs and good ol boyz with gunracks and six packs why dont you know this because you are too busy fighting off those who do not like you over at your own userpage and the pages you started lots of wiki people do not like you dude not just me lots of others i see it i read it it is true back in 1606 or whatever you would have burned galileo jeff 
0.26808515
iq, ipq; 

i think you did wrong in wanting the photo removed . you shouldn't let these talebans have their way . these evil , ugly , beasts who stone women !
0.7106186
i think you did wrong in wanting the photo removed you shouldnt let these talebans have their way these evil uygly beasts who stone women 
0.5596573
ugly, uygly; 

: ... : i didn't do any more after your warning . what a fucking joke man you are . -
0.9043752
i didnt do any more after your warning what a fuckinig joke man you are 
0.4644488
fucking, fuckinig; 

amusing what amuses us in the editing coop is that people like android and dreamguy actually think they are somebody , and they go issuing orders ! anonymous people . ordering other anonymous people . nobody really gives a d*mn . talk to the wall . now , get this : the skeptics are right . there is no zoological bigfoo t.t he issue is rather what kind of life form are people seeing and photographing ? nobody yet here seems to have the brains to address this . imagine , edits not just to the main article , but here in talk as well ! you can't tolerate edits to the bigfoot article and also cannot tolerate dissenting views in talk ! wiki is a fouled up mess and it shows up here very well . now , either back off , reedit the bigfoot page so alternative theories ( not claimed facts ) are shown , or several major websites will list in keywords , links , the true profession of jimbo wales . if we cannot get our voices heard , we will tear down the barn . orphanannie and some of you know what that is . right ?
0.24694233
amusing what amuses us in the editing coop is that people like android and dreamguy actually think they are somebody and they go issuing orders anonymous people ordering other anonymous people nobody really gives a dmn talk to the wall now get this the skeptics are right there is no zoological bigfoo tt he issue is rather what kind of life form are people seeing and photographing nobody yet here seems to have the brains to address this imagine edits not just to the main article but here in talk as well you cant tolerate edits to the bigfoot article and also cannot tolerate dissenting views in talk wiki is a fouleud up mess and it shows up here very well now either back off reedit the bigfoot page so alternative theories not claimed facts are shown or several major websites will list in keywords links the true profession of jimbo wales if we cannot get our voices heard we will tear down the barn orphanannie and some of you know what that is right 
0.20236862
fouled, fouleud; 

aw i want to block wert wert nah you fucking terds
0.97887087
aw i want to block wert wert nah you fuckingc terds 
0.58122075
fucking, fuckingc; 

