please , please killyourself you whiney little jewish faggot
0.96781564
please please killyourself you whiney little jewish faggoit 
0.8822518
faggot, faggoit; 

what difference does it make ? go away . i am not testing , i am making edits that you decide to rv just because they're by me .
0.08547552
what difference does it make ygo away i am not testing i am making edits that you decide to rv just because theyre by me 
0.077684164
go, ygo; 

racist stuff on mainpage i cant bleive you are puytting that dumb jena six racist thing on the front page this is propaganda to make black people look better than white people and that is nooo gooodd
0.8368828
racist stuff on mainpage i cant bleive you are puytting that pdumb jena six racist thing on the front page this is propaganda to make black people look better than white people and that is nooo gooodd 
0.7534216
dumb, pdumb; 

::: max , i seriously don't give a flying fuck about you , jakezing , or your attitudes towards each other . what's done is done . what you need to do now is move on . forget about jake . you'll probably never see him again on wikipedia . you've spoiled your otherwise-clean record dealing with that pompous jackass , and you don't need to do any more damage to it . so he didn't tell you why he had a problem with you . quite frankly , i can't understand why either of you kept arguing with the other for so long . i believe that's just poor judgment , really . in any case , i don't have to help you with anything , nor will i . the only reason i stepped into this was because i was trying to stop you two from ripping each others ' throats out , and that didn't do any good , since you two just kept right on . he might have confused you with someone else , but that was no reason for you to keep harassing him about it . you and him both have displayed abuse of wp : civil and wp : npa on countless occasions . now , please , do us all a favor and go on your way . ()
0.7315043
max i seriously dont give a flying ofuck about you jakezing or your attitudes towards each other whats done is done what you need to do now is move on forget about jake youll probably never see him again on wikipedia youve spoiled your otherwiseclean record dealing with that pompous jackass and you dont need to do any more damage to it so he didnt tell you why he had a problem with you quite frankly i cant understand why either of you kept arguing with the other for so long i believe thats just poor judgment really in any case i dont have to help you with anything nor will i the only reason i stepped into this was because i was trying to stop you two from ripping each others throats out and that didnt do any good since you two just kept right on he might have confused you with someone else but that was no reason for you to keep harassing him about it you and him both have displayed abuse of wp civil and wp npa on countless occasions now please do us all a favor and go on your way 
0.55947465
fuck, ofuck; 

