lesbian teenager how about the fact she was a lesbian in her teenaged years ? thats important isnt it ? ignorant fundy how about saying the fact shes an ignorant fundy , thinks the world is 6000 years old and pretends evolution is not real ?
0.5798449
lesbian teenager how about the fact she was a lesbian in her teenaged years thats important isnt it inorant fundy how about saying the fact shes an nignorant fundy thinks the world is 6000 years old and pretends evolution is not real 
0.25950393
ignorant, inorant; ignorant, nignorant; 

. this article is an insult to objectivity this article does a very poor job of maintaining an objective stance , it is undeniable . it is a travesty to make it appear as though mark kirk opposes the war in iraq despite the fact that he helped write and co-sponsored the house resolution to invade iraq in 2003 . it is also absolutely ridiculous to boast that he received an award from the league of conservation voters , and yet fail to mention that the very same group gave him an f rating last congressional session
0.24170673
this article is an insult to objectivity this article does a very poor job of maintaining an objective stance it is undeniable it is a travesty to make it appear as though mark kirk opposes the war in iraq despite the fact that he helped write and cosponsored the house resolution to invade iraq in 2003 it is also absolutely ridicjulous to boast that he received an award from the league of conservation voters and yet fail to mention that the very same group gave him an f rating last congressional session 
0.16638446
ridiculous, ridicjulous; 

as i asked , did you actually read the entire article ? apparently not . yours is a hair trigger that gets good people killed . seen it in combat as a merc . that's why i shall staunchly defend myself and this new article . you seem entirely too old school to be working as an administrator . let the war begin . . . .
0.3575336
as i asked did you actually read the entire article apparently not yours is a hair trigger that gets good people kiglled seen it in combat as a merc thats why i shall staunchly defend myself and this new article you seem entirely too old school to be working as an administrator let the war begin 
0.2338411
killed, kiglled; 

