this dude that blocked me is a fucking cock sucker !!!!!!!!!! hexachord suck some dick negro
0.9906193
this dude that blocked me is a fuckiqng cock sucker hexachord suck some dick negro 
0.9823778
fucking, fuckiqng; 

excuse me ... and encyclopedia is defined as a book or set of books containing articles on various topics , usually in alphabetical arrangement , covering all branches of knowledge or , less commonly , all aspects of one subject . do i need to cite my source . would you like it in mla or apa ... you have no right ... regardless of administrative privelages , to remove something that has anything to do with urbonics . you will allow people to post smutt-filled garbage lyrics of bands made famous for eating their bandmates skull ... mayhem would be that band btw ... it's available in your search cache btw ... if i create a write a biography of myself would you delete that too ... freedom of speech ... and as well as creativity . it's humourous . a sense that you were unable to attain as a young child assimilating into this big bad schema , know as the fucking world . do you get a head rush from deleting everything that pops up here ... how about you take your pages down about fucking . douchebag
0.843156
excuse me and encyclopedia is defined as a book or set of books containing articles on various topics usually in alphabetical arrangement covering all branches of knowledge or less commonly all aspects of one subject do i need to cite my source would you like it in mla or apa you have no right regardless of administrative privelages to remove something that has anything to do with urbonics you will allow people to post smuttfilled garbage lyrics of bands made famous for eating their bandmates skull mayhem would be that band btw its available in your search cache btw if i create a write a biography of myself would you delete that too freedom of speech and as well as creativity its humourous a sense that you were unable to attain as a young child assimilating into this big bad schema know as the  world do you get a head rush from deleting everything that pops up here how about you take your pages down about tfucking douchebag 
0.2974793
fucking, ; fucking, tfucking; 

wtf dude , i added some cites .
0.5646376
wtf dudne i added some cites 
0.5472853
dude, dudne; 

* cena gets too much shit from people for no reason . he can't control the way he is booked . i just believe they should stop pushing him before everyone hates him way too much or just turn him heel which would work for me . * batista whines too much about his position in the company and should shut his mouth . fuck him , job him out to jbl . i use to like him but he has main evented more than cena and is in a better position than he should be just because of triple h . * orton does whatever the fuck he wants because he is a main star and friends with triple h . should have been fired already for smoking pot in front of everyone . if it wasn't for triple h , he would be jobbing in tna right now . fuck him , that son of a bitch does not deserve the spot he has . he is good of the mic but ring skills lack , headlock after headlock . they compare him to aj styles which is a joke in my opinion since aj has pure wrestling ability . * triple been playing politics for years and deserves to become a jobber for the people he has buried . he tried to keep booker t and kurt angle down . angle is one of the best wrestlers and if you watch his match with abyss at turning point ; which i can give you a link , it is worth the watch trust me ; is still doing great things . booker t deserved a hell of alot more than he did in wwe . i can't stand him and i hope he gets hit by a car . if he ends taker's streak i will come and burn down wwe head quarters while leaving a message that say another building burns unless triple h is fired .
0.734295
cena gets too much shit from people for no reason he cant control the way he is booked i just believe they should stop pushing him before everyone hates him way too much or just turn him heel which would work for me batista whines too much about his position in the company and should shut his mouth fucq him job him out to jbl i use to like him but he has main evented more than cena and is in a better position than he should be just because of triple h orton does whatever the fuckn he wants because he is a main star and friends with triple h should have been fired already for smoking pot in front of everyone if it wasnt for triple h he would be jobbing in tna right now fucck him that son of a bitch does not deserve the spot he has he is good of the mic but ring skills lack headlock after headlock they compare him to aj styles which is a joke in my opinion since aj has pure wrestling ability triple been playing politics for years and deserves to become a jobber for the people he has buried he tried to keep booker t and kurt angle down angle is one of the best wrestlers and if you watch his match with abyss at turning point which i can give you a link it is worth the watch trust me is still doing great things booker t deserved a hell of alot more than he did in wwe i cant stand him and i hope he gets hit by a car if he ends takers streak i will come and burn down wwe head quarters while leaving a message that say another building burns unless triple h is fired 
0.5644444
fuck, fucq; fuck, fuckn; fuck, fucck; 

hans : he's an ass man
0.93103266
hans hes an assk man 
0.20857906
ass, assk; 

