as additional information , i have provided the following links to website which expound upon or make reference to the content of the blog i mentioned in my post : http://roflcon.org/2008/04/26/bonus-rofls-joe-mathlete-marmaduke-explained/ http://www.lesjones.com/posts/005176.shtml http://www.collegehumor.com/article:1723880 http://blog.wfmu.org/freeform/2006/12/marmaduke_expla.html http://www.pcmag.com/slideshow_viewer/0,1205,l%253d216520%2526a%253d216536%2526po%253d62,00.asp?p y http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyid 6153865 http://roflcon.org/2007/12/20/breaking-news-joe-mathlete-of-marmaduke-explained-at-roflcon/ my assertion was not that alot of people read the blog but that it is a relatively popular blog , meaning that it is popular enough to garner articles on the websites of collegehumor , pcmag , and npr . i apologize if a simple checking of blog hits is not enough to endow something with the long coveted notable status which you so graciously endow . you misquote me further : i did not call wikipedia a clusterfucked internet bureaucracy . i was referring to the system which allows certain users to override others simply based on their own personal experience , without any further insight . listen , i understand that you do have to prevent spam on this website . i know that anyone could come in here and edit the page of a noted dignitary or president to say fuck fuck bbooobies poop , but my posting was relevant enough to instigate investigation and your deletion of it amounts to an ego trip in that it simply regards the information i posted as irrelevant , despite the fact that my previous posting of it on this website lasted for months before being taken down . i assure you , i am not trying to spam up or fill the already expansive page about marmaduke with misinformation . i simply want to let people know about a blog i enjoy which is critical of marmaduke . i am acting in extremely good faith , and have all the freedom to call the levels of bureaucracy on wikipedia a clusterfuck and to call your edits an ego trip . god forbid i should question your authority on the subject . i would appreciate it if you didn't try to condescend me . thank you , yournumbertwofan
0.7762552
as additional information i have provided the following links to website which expound upon or make reference to the content of the blog i mentioned in my post httproflconorg20080426bonusroflsjoemathletemarmadukeexplained httpwwwlesjonescomposts005176shtml httpwwwcollegehumorcomarticle1723880 httpblogwfmuorgfreeform200612marmadukeexplahtml httpwwwpcmagcomslideshowviewer01205l253d2165202526a253d2165362526po253d6200aspp y httpwwwnprorgtemplatesstorystoryphpstoryid 6153865 httproflconorg20071220breakingnewsjoemathleteofmarmadukeexplainedatroflcon my assertion was not that alot of people read the blog but that it is a relatively popular blog meaning that it is popular enough to garner articles on the websites of collegehumor pcmag and npr i apologize if a simple checking of blog hits is not enough to endow something with the long coveted notable status which you so graciously endow you misquote me further i did not call wikipedia a clusterfucked internet bureaucracy i was referring to the system which allows certain users to override others simply based on their own personal experience without any further insight listen i understand that you do have to prevent spam on this website i know that anyone could come in here and edit the page of a noted dignitary or president to say fukc fguck bbooobies poop but my posting was relevant enough to instigate investigation and your deletion of it amounts to an ego trip in that it simply regards the information i posted as irrelevant despite the fact that my previous posting of it on this website lasted for months before being taken down i assure you i am not trying to spam up or fill the already expansive page about marmaduke with misinformation i simply want to let people know about a blog i enjoy which is critical of marmaduke i am acting in extremely good faith and have all the freedom to call the levels of bureaucracy on wikipedia a clusterfuck and to call your edits an ego trip god forbid i should question your authority on the subject i would appreciate it if you didnt try to condescend me thank you yournumbertwofan 
0.14217147
fuck, fukc; fuck, fguck; 

dude , you're not consistant . anyone following your edits can see you only remove them on some articles ( white-related ) and not others where those same statements are made . very silly , but don't reply . i have no need to talk to you or hear any excuses . lame !
0.5681767
dude youre not consistant anyone following your edits can see you only remove them on some articles whiterelated and not others where those same statements are made very silly but dont reply i have no need to talk to you or hear any excuses lrame 
0.3935244
lame, lrame; 

2008 ( utc ) :: ah ! blanking the bits you don't like again - including justified vandalism allegations . i have no intention of justifying anything to an immature vandal like you . :: if you even vandalise any post i make again without any discussing it on the discussion page and without any fully valid citation . i will do anything i can to see that your editing rights are revoked . vandals are not welcome . :: i have no desire to continue any discussion with someone of your obvious immaturity and childishness so don't bother replying . 18:14 , 7 december
0.3672329
2008 utc ah blanking the bits you dont like again including justified vandalism allegations i have no intention of justifying anything to an immature nvandal like you if you even vandalise any post i make again without any discussing it on the discussion page and without any fully valid citation i will do anything i can to see that your editing rights are revoked vandals are not welcome i have no desire to continue any discussion with someone of your obvious immaturity and childishness so dont bother replying 1814 7 december 
0.27286696
vandal, nvandal; 

## yes , i agree , and so do all of the other editors here . it is the stupid and stubborn administrators that won't let me nor allow it . ask them !
0.7123386
yes i agree and so do all of the other editors here it is the stu*pid and stubborn administrators that wont let me nor allow it ask them 
0.20392662
stupid, stu*pid; 

you don't belong on wikipedia sir ! your being a prick and trying to ruin our education just because you deem something shouldn't be on wikipedia find another hobby !
0.71770036
you dont belong on wikipedia sir your being a pricko and trying to ruin our education just because you deem something shouldnt be on wikipedia find another hobby 
0.52447355
prick, pricko; 

ooooh , here's our swiss neutralist ! and what does this administrator bring to the table this time ? let's see , accusations of parroting , arbitrary classification of users based upon pen-name preferences , straw-men , ignoratio elenchi , and finally begging the question through the same fallacious reasoning as previously . we call that petitio principii , don't we ? apparently nothing will change his mind until i change my pen-name to something like john doe . how does he know that i am not this russian dude who likes iranian history and culture ? oh , that's right , he doesn't . he probably didn't check my ip-address to see that i'm based in sweden and could in fact be a swede . whoops ... sounds like our neutralist is using a subtle profiling method to his convenience . like i stated before , it doesn't matter if i'm a nazi , communist , liberal or even a hippie . it doesn't matter if i do drugs , or if i look even remotely like a reptile . it doesn't matter if i'm even an obese tongan kid . it has no bearing on content or the essentials of an argument , and anything else you might conjure to the favour of some imagined affiliation . this is aptly called speculation . now , i will only say two things . first one is a rehearsal of my previous suggestion : livius.org is visited by thousands of people daily . along with a number of other scholar-related websites , i can't live without checking it by a daily basis . it deserves a wiki-article , where jona lendering is briefly described as the founder and maintainer of an outlet with roots as far back as -96 . yes , sounds like a plan of revenge . the paragon of pan-iranic resurgence ! the removal of a wiki-article of lendering will remove the last great obstacle to a resurgent achaemenid empire and the reawakening of the terrifying persian horsemen of doom ! howl ! howl ! our world is forfeit ! second point , and i mean this from the bottom of my heart : get laid . your superior-inferior complex isn't convincing anyone here , whether they be iranian or not . there is no chance an article of this quality gets to stay . that's the bottom line , irrespective of any perceived reasoning . either change the article so that it pertains to livius.org, or stop your incessant whining . maybe it never occurred to you that by simple observation jona lendering has written several iran-friendly articles and has generally sought to dispel several popular misconceptions on the ancient iranians . maybe that's how you make more drama in your life , by arbitrary holier-than-thou attitude . idiot .
0.4489163
ooooh heres our swiss neutralist and what does this administrator bring to the table this time lets see accusations of parroting arbitrary classification of users based upon penname preferences strawmen ignoratio elenchi and finally begging the question through the same fallacious reasoning as previously we call that petitio principii dont we apparently nothing will change his mind until i change my penname to something like john doe how does he know that i am not this russian dude who likes iranian history and culture oh thats right he doesnt he probably didnt check my ipaddress to see that im based in sweden and could in fact be a swede whoops sounds like our neutralist is using a subtle profiling method to his convenience like i stated before it doesnt matter if im a nazi communist liberal or even a hippie it doesnt matter if i do drugs or if i look even remotely like a reptile it doesnt matter if im even an obese tongan kid it has no bearing on content or the essentials of an argument and anything else you might conjure to the favour of some imagined affiliation this is aptly called speculation now i will only say two things first one is a rehearsal of my previous suggestion liviusorg is visited by thousands of people daily along with a number of other scholarrelated websites i cant live without checking it by a daily basis it deserves a wikiarticle where jona lendering is briefly described as the founder and maintainer of an outlet with roots as far back as 96 yes sounds like a plan of revenge the paragon of paniranic resurgence the removal of a wikiarticle of lendering will remove the last great obstacle to a resurgent achaemenid empire and the reawakening of the terrifying persian horsemen of doom howl howl our world is forfeit second point and i mean this from the bottom of my heart get laid your superiorinferior complex isnt convincing anyone here whether they be iranian or not there is no chance an article of this quality gets to stay thats the bottom line irrespective of any perceived reasoning either change the article so that it pertains to liviusorg or stop your incessant whining maybe it never occurred to you that by simple observation jona lendering has written several iranfriendly articles and has generally sought to dispel several popular misconceptions on the ancient iranians maybe thats how you make more drama in your life by arbitrary holierthanthou attitude idiovt 
0.25375727
idiot, idiovt; 

