excuse me ? after seeing shit like this i expected you to be some throwaway sock puppet . from an experienced editor it's just shameful . that was a blatant blp violation and you know it . attributing a call for genocide to a living person without citing a source is waaaaay off base . don't do it again .
0.7111663
excuse me after seeing shidt like this i expected you to be some throwaway sock puppet from an experienced editor its just shameful that was a blatant blp violation and you know it attributing a call for genocide to a living person without citing a source is waaaaay off base dont do it again 
0.45069543
shit, shidt; 

fix the redirects fix the double redirects from this example of what a total screw up you are . and stay out of charmed pages ... i've spent six weeks of my free time trying to pick up the mess you created when fucking up the merge of these pages . fyi , had you not screwed up our coverage here , i wouldn't have seen so much of the series , so in a way i owe you thanks . nonetheless , pray , really pray we never meet face to face , for you won't enjoy the common sense i pound into your sorry and foolish ass . in between , study iar ... you seem to have missed the lesson . and get some consideration for others time spent . raping their gf efforts that took hundreds of man-months because you aren't mature enough to know when not to apply a rule or two really shows how unqualified you are to be editing here , much less be an admin . fortunately , you can find most of them using . //
0.77928936
fix the redirects fix the double redirects from this example of what a total screw up you are and stay out of charmed pages ive spent six weeks of my free time trying to pick up the mess you created when fuckinge up the merge of these pages fyi had you not screwed up our coverage here i wouldnt have seen so much of the series so in a way i owe you thanks nonetheless pray really pray we never meet face to face for you wont enjoy the common sense i pound into your sorry and foolish ass in between study iar you seem to have missed the lesson and get some consideration for others time spent raping their gf efforts that took hundreds of manmonths because you arent mature enough to know when not to apply a rule or two really shows how unqualified you are to be editing here much less be an admin fortunately you can find most of them using 
0.62353003
fucking, fuckinge; 

furthermore how dare you delete the historically accurate edit of the wikipedia article i posted here ? for the benefit of more broadminded individuals here is a link to a page where this article will appear without being subject to editing by the unintelligent and highly uncultured : http://www.threeworldwars.com/forum/viewtopic.php?t 2424&start ; 60&sid ; 81faf4d65aa814be80774f0c4ae8e970
0.40448517
furthermore how dare you delete the historically accurate edit of the wikipedia article i posted here for the benefit of more broadminded individuals here is a link to a page where this article will appear without being subject to editing by the unintelligent and highly iuncultured httpwwwthreeworldwarscomforumviewtopicphpt 2424start 60sid 81faf4d65aa814be80774f0c4ae8e970 
0.23205079
uncultured, iuncultured; 

