k ? what the fuck man ? why did you add a new source ? the source given was invalid .. meaning that genre can't be listed anyway ... don't see why that was cleared as a source from the get-go . so , in that case .. how how does that differ from me adding a deathcore genre ? just get rid of the fucking melodic death metal seciton of it , it's pretty much ... fucked up .
0.906497
k what the fnuck man why did you add a new source the source given was invalid meaning that genre cant be listed anyway dont see why that was cleared as a source from the getgo so in that case how how does that differ from me adding a deathcore genre just get rid of the fucking melodic death metal seciton of it its pretty much fucked up 
0.8666554
fuck, fnuck; 

come on , sucka ! i will punch your fucking face and all your family ! you son of a bitch ! fuck you , sucka ! what do you say now ?!
0.988514
come on sucka i will punch your fucking face and all your family you son of a bitch lfuck you sucka what do you say now 
0.97567517
fuck, lfuck; 

disregard might i add that he started it ? read the comments on my talk page and you'll see , if not check his history . iw as being nice and giving tips to him . all of a sudden he attacks me and calls me a vandal . it was in my defence that i retaliate back . you'll also notice he hasn't deleted the message i left on his talkpage thus making me look bad . if anything you just don't get the gist of what he is trying to do . he reverts my edits from the page without explanation . so in other words he is an asshole and you'r praise earns little weight on wikipedia . i have a right to defend myself . and my comments are not uncivil merely strong criticism . he's an asshole because he acts like a retard .
0.73465794
disregard might i add that he started it read the comments on my talk page and youll see if not check his history iw as being nice and giving tips to him all of a sudden he attacks me and calls me a vandal it was in my defence that i retaliate back youll also notice he hasnt deleted the message i left on his talkpage thus making me look bad if anything you just dont get the gist of what he is trying to do he reverts my edits from the page without explanation so in other words he is an asshwle and your praise earns little weight on wikipedia i have a right to defend myself and my comments are not uncivil merely strong criticism hes an asoshole because he acts like a retard 
0.4116128
asshole, asshwle; asshole, asoshole; 

