umm what was the delete for ? u fuckin nigger monkey
0.98192465
umm what was the delete for u fucksin nigger monkey 
0.9197568
fuckin, fucksin; 

:::::: shut up , nocal . whinging about blp's and blocks be serious , you don't care about policy or procedure . you just want to see an american , jewish , pro-israel genocide advocate portrayed as a rationalistic hero , because israel makes your dick hard . you twisted individual .
0.711454
shut up nocal whinging about blps and blocks be serious you dont care about policy or procedure you just want to see an american jewish proisrael genocide advocate portrayed as a rationalistic hero because israel makes your dicak hard you twisted individual 
0.564765
dick, dicak; 

just crushes my world . hahahaha losers
0.66093236
just crushes my world hahahaha loseurs 
0.24907072
losers, loseurs; 

from stevonmfl for the record and maybe more as it is important to keep insults credited correctly here as this seems to be a favored method of operating , the above discussion by smatse is not credited correctly . to wit : ... it was clear that was in the wrong pretty quickly . comments like maybe you're just not used to people who aren't bowled over by your expertise , but i'm not some grad student or ta who is required to scrape and bow to you don't really help us to have civilised discussions . in fact , the above comment on being bowled over was actually uttered by nightshift36 as an insult to me . smartse assumed it was me and i was blocked like a child . maybe you need to ask yourself why you made such an assumption . at any rate , i am too used to these kinds of mistakes and suffering the repercussions from same and wish you all well . have a white day .
0.15367715
from stevonmfl for the record and maybe more as it is important to keep insults credited correctly here as this seems to be a favored method of operating the above discussion by smatse is not credited correctly to wit it was clear that was in the wrong pretty quickly comments like maybe youre just not used to people who arent bowled over by your expertise but im not some grad student or ta who is required to scrape and bow to you dont really help us to have civilised discussions in fact the above comment on being bowled over was actually uttered by nightshift36 as an ivnsult to me smartse assumed it was me and i was blocked like a child maybe you need to ask yourself why you made such an assumption at any rate i am too used to these kinds of mistakes and suffering the repercussions from same and wish you all well have a white day 
0.12260174
insult, ivnsult; 

hey fuck you you cocksucker i was talking to daymee you fucking retard .
0.9915258
hey fucwk you you cocksucker i was talking to daymee you fucking retard 
0.98528767
fuck, fucwk; 

