hahahahahahaha !!!!!! owned !!! take that bitch . victory is mine !
0.8781479
hahahahahahaha owned take that biytch victory is mine 
0.061841495
bitch, biytch; 

::::: yawn - yesterday you were too intimidated to even engage in a discussion with me and today its yawn - its not going to be long before everyone sees through your act . ::: what exactly do those edit summaries threaten to do - exactly ! you interpret them in whatever fanciful way you want . what about the other edit summaries on the countdown ? what did they mean ? i've tried to discuss the issue with you and you prefered to edit war . you are an a total joke and you've abused your powers and gotten away with it - i am still trying to figure out how you have managed to teflon your way out of this when you started , escalated and created this !
0.27658454
yawn yesterday you were too intimidated to even engage in a discussion with me and today its yawn its not going to be long before everyone sees through your act what exactly do those edit summaries threaten to do exactly you interpret them in whatever fanciful way you want what about the other edit summaries on the countdown what did they mean ive tried to discuss the issue with you and you prefered to edit war you are an a total jkoke and youve abused your powers and gotten away with it i am still trying to figure out how you have managed to teflon your way out of this when you started escalated and created this 
0.26762885
joke, jkoke; 

let's get to fuckin big daddy man i love stickin shit in my asshole . why don't you get on over here and show me some sugar ass fuck . yeah baby . smother it on me like hot sauce and then bang me baby bang me .
0.9663712
lets get to fuckin big daddy man i love stickin shit in my asshole why dont you get on over here and show me some sugar ass jfuck yeah baby smother it on me like hot sauce and then bang me baby bang me 
0.95862466
fuck, jfuck; 

:: why don't you get your tongue out of shaikh's ass , no one gives a damn what he thinks of his own article on wikipedia . the images are self-promotional and you know it .
0.77254707
why dont you get your tongue out of shaikhs assq no one gives a damn what he thinks of his own article on wikipedia the images are selfpromotional and you know it 
0.6355999
ass, assq; 

