wht is your problem man ? i'm trying to get to know you better and trying to talk and you are just shooting me down man and all that redneck stuff was my dumbass little brother and you havent even given me a chance to apologize for him im kinda disappionted cause i thought that wikipedia was supposed to help people ... ive been through some real shit lately and the least you could do is not call my feelings a diatribe that hurt my feelings and pissed me off , im trying to understand but i dont so plz explain why you are being so goddam insensitive to me and my little brothers feelings ?
0.59448
wht is your problem man im trying to get to know you better and trying to talk and you are just shooting me down man and all that redneck stuff was my dupmbass little brother and you havent even given me a chance to apologize for him im kinda disappionted cause i thought that wikipedia was supposed to help people ive been through some real shit lately and the least you could do is not call my feelings a diatribe that hurt my feelings and pissed me off im trying to understand but i dont so plz explain why you are being so goddam insensitive to me and my little brothers feelings 
0.58790886
dumbass, dupmbass; 

hey are u some kind of bunt hater who is jealous of the bunts wealth u kannadigas are pure shit claiming tulu kodava culture as your own yakshagana is from tulu nadu but u cultureless kannadigas claim it as your own kodava culture is being subdued beacuse nof youa '' u claim konkani vijay mallya as kannadigas shame on you stupid kannadigas
0.87383926
hey are u some kind of bunt hater who is jealous of the bunts wealth u kannadigas are pure shit claiming tulu kodava culture as your own yakshagana is from tulu nadu but u cultureless kannadigas claim it as your own kodava culture is being subdued beacuse nof youa u claim konkani vijay mallya as kannadigas shame on you fstupid kannadigas 
0.7867762
stupid, fstupid; 

go ahead report a reply on your discussion page as vandalism , look like a fool , feel free .
0.573143
go ahead report a reply on your discussion page as vandalism look like a faool feel free 
0.28051203
fool, faool; 

you're fucking gay . get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet . it doesn't make you cool , you aren't adding shit , you're just making it worse . get a fucking life . you're fucking gay . get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet . it doesn't make you cool , you aren't adding shit , you're just making it worse . get a fucking life . you're fucking gay . get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet . it doesn't make you cool , you aren't adding shit , you're just making it worse . get a fucking life . you're fucking gay . get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet . it doesn't make you cool , you aren't adding shit , you're just making it worse . get a fucking life . you're fucking gay . get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet . it doesn't make you cool , you aren't adding shit , you're just making it worse . get a fucking life . you're fucking gay . get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet . it doesn't make you cool , you aren't adding shit , you're just making it worse . get a fucking life . you're fucking gay . get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet . it doesn't make you cool , you aren't adding shit , you're just making it worse . get a fucking life . you're fucking gay . get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet . it doesn't make you cool , you aren't adding shit , you're just making it worse . get a fucking life . you're fucking gay . get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet . it doesn't make you cool , you aren't adding shit , you're just making it worse . get a fucking life . you're fucking gay . get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet . it doesn't make you cool , you aren't adding shit , you're just making it worse . get a fucking life . you're fucking gay . get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet . it doesn't make you cool , you aren't adding shit , you're just making it worse . get a fucking life . you're fucking gay . get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet . it doesn't make you cool , you aren't adding shit , you're just making it worse . get a fucking life . you're fucking gay . get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet . it doesn't make you cool , you aren't adding shit , you're just making it worse . get a fucking life . you're fucking gay . get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet . it doesn't make you cool , you aren't adding shit , you're just making it worse . get a fucking life . you're fucking gay . get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet . it doesn't make you cool , you aren't adding shit , you're just making it worse . get a fucking life . you're fucking gay . get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet . it doesn't make you cool , you aren't adding shit , you're just making it worse . get a fucking life .
0.97627753
youre fuckihng gay get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet it doesnt make you cool you arent adding shit youre just making it worse get a fucjking life youre fucring gay get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet it doesnt make you cool you arent adding shit youre just making it worse get a ufcking life youre fuckeng gay get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet it doesnt make you cool you arent adding shit youre just making it worse get a nucking life youre fucknig gay get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet it doesnt make you cool you arent adding shit youre just making it worse get a fuckign life youre fuckqng gay get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet it doesnt make you cool you arent adding shit youre just making it worse get a fpcking life youre fcuking gay get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet it doesnt make you cool you arent adding shit youre just making it worse get a fuckvng life youre fucikng gay get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet it doesnt make you cool you arent adding shit youre just making it worse get a fuzking life youre fuckign gay get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet it doesnt make you cool you arent adding shit youre just making it worse get a ufcking life youre fubking gay get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet it doesnt make you cool you arent adding shit youre just making it worse get a fuckbng life youre fucikng gay get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet it doesnt make you cool you arent adding shit youre just making it worse get a fuckibg life youre fcuking gay get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet it doesnt make you cool you arent adding shit youre just making it worse get a fuckipg life youre efucking gay get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet it doesnt make you cool you arent adding shit youre just making it worse get a fuckinwg life youre fcuking gay get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet it doesnt make you cool you arent adding shit youre just making it worse get a fukcing life youre fucknig gay get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet it doesnt make you cool you arent adding shit youre just making it worse get a fuckilg life youre frucking gay get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet it doesnt make you cool you arent adding shit youre just making it worse get a ufucking life youre fuckhng gay get a job and quit arguing with people on the internet it doesnt make you cool you arent adding shit youre just making it worse get a fuckiqng life 
0.93698055
fucking, fuckihng; fucking, fucjking; fucking, fucring; fucking, ufcking; fucking, fuckeng; fucking, nucking; fucking, fucknig; fucking, fuckign; fucking, fuckqng; fucking, fpcking; fucking, fcuking; fucking, fuckvng; fucking, fucikng; fucking, fuzking; fucking, fuckign; fucking, ufcking; fucking, fubking; fucking, fuckbng; fucking, fucikng; fucking, fuckibg; fucking, fcuking; fucking, fuckipg; fucking, efucking; fucking, fuckinwg; fucking, fcuking; fucking, fukcing; fucking, fucknig; fucking, fuckilg; fucking, frucking; fucking, ufucking; fucking, fuckhng; fucking, fuckiqng; 

