where are the lesbians !?!? i didn't watch this show that much but shouldn't there be a section added by someone in the know that deals with the lesbian undertones of xena and gabrielle . come on , everyone knew something was happening there .
0.16058142
where are the lesbiansg i didnt watch this show that much but shouldnt there be a section added by someone in the know that deals with the lesbian undertones of xena and gabrielle come on everyone knew something was happening there 
0.069002494
lesbians, lesbiansg; 

jdwolff ( the mentally imbalanced loser ) wryfully strikes again . . . some people always just seem to allow their utter incoherence to get the better of them . as a white medical doctor , i am totally disgusted by the general medical council ( gmc ) and strongly support the ' fire and brimestone ' approach of the abolish the gmc campaign . the gmc press office directly connives with the tabloids to blast their own screaming headlines all over the place - so the abolish the gmc guys have every right to choose the very same style if they so wish . jdwolff should go take a long cold shower - as his bias stinks !
0.59717077
jdwolff the mentally imbalanced loser wryfully strikes again some people always just seem to allow their utter incoherence to get the better of them as a white medical doctor i am totally disgusted by the general medical council gmc and strongly support the fire and brimestone approach of the abolish the gmc campaign the gmc press office directly connives with the tabloids to blast their own screaming headlines all over the place so the abolish the gmc guys have every right to choose the very same style if they so wish jdwolff should go take a long cold shower as his bias stninks 
0.4982308
stinks, stninks; 

* jfdwolff , your profound lack of wisdom is no credit to your woefully failed vendetta . go get your head checked !!! you are morbidly insane . . .
0.7264972
jfdwolff your profound lack of wisdom is no credit to your woefully failed vendetta go get your head checked you are morbidly insanke 
0.5939955
insane, insanke; 

jfdwolff is a hopeless failure . . . he can't stomach defeat !!! jfdwolff is a total loser !!!
0.85756755
jfdwolff is a hopeless failure he cant stomach defeat jfdwolff is a total loseir 
0.6178167
loser, loseir; 

