fuck you thue you brain dead fuck , you can't block me . thanks to proxy servers and anon browsing i can come to wiki zillion times so if scum like you think that you can block me then you are in for big surprise you faggot . i am giving you last chance in civilized way to stop vandalizing kash jaffrey . don't fuck with canadian content , its to advance for your empty brain to concieve . and lastly if you want to leave message then write ( don't use predefine one liners . ) see ya asshole joey
0.9690699
fucgk you thue you brain dead  you cant block me thanks to proxy servers and anon browsing i can come to wiki zillion times so if scum like you think that you can block me then you are in for big surprise you faggot i am giving you last chance in civilized way to stop vandalizing kash jaffrey dont fhuck with canadian content its to advance for your empty brain to concieve and lastly if you want to leave message then write dont use predefine one liners see ya asshole joey 
0.9119507
fuck, fucgk; fuck, ; fuck, fhuck; 

:: hey , the only persons suffering were those who read that bullshit , wikipedia opening itself up to a copyright infringement suit , and the credibility of those who are facilitating both . the length of the protections will not influence my decision to revert the article back to a previous version that does not contain plagiarism .
0.45937216
hey the only persons suffering were those who read that blullshit wikipedia opening itself up to a copyright infringement suit and the credibility of those who are facilitating both the length of the protections will not influence my decision to revert the article back to a previous version that does not contain plagiarism 
0.06583473
bullshit, blullshit; 

personal attacks the personal attacks and insults on this page will cease immediately . there will be no more attacks . there will also be no retaliatory attacks , so if someone attacks you , ignore them . violators will be blocked regardless of who started it . consider this your warning . : and what will happen if they don't cease immediately oh you powerful one ? oh , i forgot , you said block !! hahahaha god , you are really stupid , aren't you ? -)
0.7550808
personal attacks the personal attacks and insults on this page will cease immediately there will be no more attacks there will also be no retaliatory attacks so if someone attacks you ignore them violators will be blocked regardless of who started it consider this your warning and what will happen if they dont cease immediately oh you powerful one oh i forgot you said block hahahaha god you are really stpupid arent you 
0.5106363
stupid, stpupid; 

btw there needs to be some serious fact checking on some claims such as .. does blank ;s pond actually even exist anymore , or did people realize it was a mud puddle full of shit and fill it up a long time ago . is tas really non-profit > ? no ! the college acceptance rate for the graduating class has always been above ninety percent . what does this mean ? people from tas get accepted 90% of the time ? no ! seriously , the censorship needs to go away . we've seen that tas has sports facilities and a hot meal line . we also want to see what the taiwanese people feel about tas because that is an important part of what tas is . we need to publish the incidents that are so important to tas . juz cuz you think it givves tas a bad name doesn't mean that it shouldn't be published . if its true , then fuck , let there be light . this censorship shit is really really gay .
0.6028066
btw there needs to be some serious fact checking on some claims such as does blank s pond actually even exist anymore or did people realize it was a mud puddle full of hsit and fill it up a long time ago is tas really nonprofit no the college acceptance rate for the graduating class has always been above ninety percent what does this mean people from tas get accepted 90 of the time no seriously the censorship needs to go away weve seen that tas has sports facilities and a hot meal line we also want to see what the taiwanese people feel about tas because that is an important part of what tas is we need to publish the incidents that are so important to tas juz cuz you think it givves tas a bad name doesnt mean that it shouldnt be published if its true then fuck let there be light this censorship shiwt is really really gay 
0.5378862
shit, hsit; shit, shiwt; 

