verbal must be stopped anything you can do to rein in verbal's rampant ego would be much appreciated . he has decimated at least one page i know of with domineering tactics . he's an ass .
0.7863939
verbal must be stopped anything you can do to rein in verbals rampant ego would be much appreciated he has decimated at least one page i know of with domineering tactics hes an aiss 
0.27567875
ass, aiss; 

it would probably be helpful if you could find something not wmc-related to do . it's not constructive to make snide , insulting remarks like this one . in general , if you feel that there is an issue with another user's conduct , address it politely and clearly in an appropriate venue . don't take cheap shots .
0.31388086
it would probably be helpful if you could find something not wmcrelated to do its not constructive to make snide inpsulting remarks like this one in general if you feel that there is an issue with another users conduct address it politely and clearly in an appropriate venue dont take cheap shots 
0.27054018
insulting, inpsulting; 

i'm perfectly cool there dude ... i just have an issue with people like collectonian who claim the wikipedia mos of wikipedia policy says something needs to be done a certain way yet absolutely refuses to show where . then when i persist that they give me a source they go run their mouth to discredit me or cry that i'm harassing and threatening them . she is full of shit . and you guys probably don't even know what the deal is because you just catch bits and pieces of stuff .
0.7034621
im perfectly cool there dude i just have an issue with people like collectonian who claim the wikipedia mos of wikipedia policy says something needs to be done a certain way yet absolutely refuses to show where then when i persist that they give me a source they go run their mouth to discredit me or cry that im harassing and threatening them she is full of shitt and you guys probably dont even know what the deal is because you just catch bits and pieces of stuff 
0.50118554
shit, shitt; 

