oh crap ! there's that guy again !
0.8035523
oh crap theres that gyuy again 
0
guy, gyuy; 

:::::: idiots ! you fascists are such idiots , i don't know whether to laugh or to cry . troll ? you created this troll . sock puppet ? you really think calling me a sock puppet is going to stop me ? by the way , you can cross meat puppets and proxies off the list . you're wrong . i think you better lock your talk pages again and run away in fear , as you've been doing , because you're not stopping me . by the way , your threats are stupid . all this trouble just because you insist on censoring a single article to hide the fraud that takes place . that makes you criminal accomplices to the fraud . like any other fascist society , you've rewritten the rules so that abuse is conducted by the abused against the abusers . what do you guys want to hide ? the truth ? we're right and you're wrong , because we've got the power . if you play nice , i might leave you alone . otherwise , go fornicate yourselves !
0.894866
iditos you fascists are such idiaots i dont know whether to laugh or to cry troll you created this troll sock puppet you really think calling me a sock puppet is going to stop me by the way you can cross meat puppets and proxies off the list youre wrong i think you better lock your talk pages again and run away in fear as youve been doing because youre not stopping me by the way your threats are stupid all this trouble just because you insist on censoring a single article to hide the fraud that takes place that makes you criminal accomplices to the fraud like any other fascist society youve rewritten the rules so that abuse is conducted by the abused against the abusers what do you guys want to hide the truth were right and youre wrong because weve got the power if you play nice i might leave you alone otherwise go fornicate yourselves 
0.83340824
idiots, iditos; idiots, idiaots; 

are you a deaf idiot ? he broke the bird's neck . the sound clearly shows the neck snap and the bird cry out in pain
0.91765565
are you a deaf idisot he broke the birds neck the sound clearly shows the neck snap and the bird cry out in pain 
0.58144397
idiot, idisot; 

