, 9 march 2006 ( utc ) ::: what a complete crock . by calling everyone under the age of 18 a child , which the dictionary correctly defines as a human between the ages of infancy and puberty , you can make everything even remotely sexual sound salacious and evil . teenagers are insulted to be called children , and if you start using terms like teenage sex and teenage sex with adults to describe problematical behavior by kids old enough to know better , the poor little abused children angle is more difficult to sell . maybe we should just go to the ultimate extreme , and legally define everyone under 18 as a baby . then all sex with minors could be poor little babies being abused and raped , which would no doubt please the judith reisman's , john ashcroft's , and david finkelhor's of the world . when such semantic games have to be employed to sell an agenda , with disqualification of everyone holding a different perspective as perpetuating the abuse , what you have is pseudo-science and flim-flam , and not unbiased reporting . 20:10
0.31150624
9 march 2006 utc what a complete crock by calling everyone under the age of 18 a child which the dictionary correctly defines as a human between the ages of infancy and puberty you can make everything even remotely sexual sound salacious and evil teenagers are insulted to be called children and if you start using terms like teenage szex and teenage selx with adults to describe problematical behavior by kids old enough to know better the poor little abused children angle is more difficult to sell maybe we should just go to the ultimate extreme and legally define everyone under 18 as a baby then all swex with minors could be poor little babies being abused and raped which would no doubt please the judith reismans john ashcrofts and david finkelhors of the world when such semantic games have to be employed to sell an agenda with disqualification of everyone holding a different perspective as perpetuating the abuse what you have is pseudoscience and flimflam and not unbiased reporting 2010 
0.22368316
sex, szex; sex, selx; sex, swex; 

tony sidaway the article jim nussle has been repeatedly vandalized for partisan purposes by right-wing republicans , or rather one such republican and his various sock puppets . then this right wing goon of an admin intrudes himself . to state it mildly , i am apoplectically angry at the sonofabitch . to respond to your message * was your partial blanking of user talk : tony sidaway intentional , or an accident ? [ 7 ] . mongo i would seem to have been .
0.47516572
tony sidaway the article jim nussle has been repeatedly vandalized for partisan purposes by rightwing republicans or rather one such republican and his various sock puppets then this right wing goon of an admin intrrudes himself to state it mildly i am apoplectically angry at the sonofabitch to respond to your message was your partial blanking of user talk tony sidaway intentional or an accident 7 mongo i would seem to have been 
0.34569937
intrudes, intrrudes; 

schtippdick you . you boy . youuuuuu . terisoaio ! yeah . yeah . yeah . yeah . yeah . yeah . yeah . yeah . yeah . yeah . yeah . yeah . yeah . yeah . yeah . yeah . yeah .
0.48479694
schtippdickw you you boy youuuuuu terisoaio yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah 
0.4733941
schtippdick, schtippdickw; 

