why is your dick so small ? is it because you are asian ?
0.8356827
why is your dicrk so small is it because you are asian 
0.50344807
dick, dicrk; 

go f**k yourself too ! like i give a shit about a ban !
0.96424925
go fkd yourself too like i give a shit about a ban 
0.91489285
f**k, fkd; 

you're a ho ! get the fuck back on your corner and make your pimp-daddy some cash , bitch . quit fucking with public sites . who died and made you the hall monitor ? sincerely , that same guy . you know , the one that's fuckin ' yo mama , bitch !!!!!!
0.9839917
youre a ho get the fucxk back on your corner and make your pimpdaddy some cash bitch quit fucking with public sites who died and made you the hall monitor sincerely that same guy you know the one thats fuckin yo mama bitch 
0.9806551
fuck, fucxk; 

it's explained on the anorexia nervosa talk page either you misquoted it or just let a blatant error sit there for months either way the article sucks . when i get the chance i'm going to rewrite the entire thing and post it all in one shot .
0.64450455
its explained on the anorexia nervosa talk page either you misquoted it or just let a blatant error sit there for months either way the article ssucks when i get the chance im going to rewrite the entire thing and post it all in one shot 
0.28156924
sucks, ssucks; 

um thats very mature of you , i didn't mean to come off like an immature jackass but i kind of am one . i get bent because the mental health field is for the most part a load of sh*t . and people suffer and die because of that , everyday . nobody should be diagnosed with anything until all medical causes are ruled out thats common sense and pure science . people are in therapy for depression and they actually have lyme disease or someother medical condition . there are psychoanalysts making a fortune spewing pseudoscientific b.s. and their clients wind up jumping off bridges . that's my motivation , if somebody can get positive information even from just a wikipedia article like maybe they don't have anorexia nervosa it's crohns disease .
0.6831489
um thats very mature of you i didnt mean to come off like an immature jackass but i kind of am one i get bent because the mental health field is for the most part a load of srht and people suffer and die because of that everyday nobody should be diagnosed with anything until all medical causes are ruled out thats common sense and pure science people are in therapy for depression and they actually have lyme disease or someother medical condition there are psychoanalysts making a fortune spewing pseudoscientific bs and their clients wind up jumping off bridges thats my motivation if somebody can get positive information even from just a wikipedia article like maybe they dont have anorexia nervosa its crohns disease 
0.53342736
sh*t, srht; 

