hitler , you have no knowledge of anything related to the topic . why would i add a source to a type of list that does not need one , just like plenty of other lists on here ? something either belongs or doesn't , and anything i added there you can easily see belongs just by clicking on that entry . so it'd be great if you could stop being a nazi , stop being stupid and stop being lazy and just click on the damn name .
0.6451202
hitler you have no knowledge of anything related to the topic why would i add a source to a type of list that does not need one just like plenty of other lists on here something either belongs or doesnt and anything i added there you can easily see belongs just by clicking on that entry so itd be great if you could stop being a nazi stop being wstupid and stop being lazy and just click on the damn name 
0.5795526
stupid ,wstupid ;

::::: i will be writing an e-mail regardless with all 3 of your user names in it . i am not a vandal . and i can call you a nazi all i want , it's not an attack if i think highly of them . actually it would be a compliment .
0.42746067
i will be writing an email regardless with all 3 of your user names in it i am not a vandal and i can call you a nazwi all i want its not an attack if i think highly of them actually it would be a compliment 
0.2038683
nazi ,nazwi ;

? i know you asked for this information but do i really need to continue this stupidity ? don't you think i've proven the point more than sufficiently
0.6510025
i know you asked for this information but do i really need to continue this stuupidity dont you think ive proven the point more than sufficiently 
0.07806609
stupidity ,stuupidity ;

:::: to well , you could have at least used terms such as bullcrap , horsecrap , cowcrap , or any other less offending words than bulls**t , whatever the lame drama you witnessed . and you just said a single f**king word ... do you feel like a grown man when you use that kind of language ? there could be some children refering to wikipedia for his/her homework , and i don't want them to learn foul languages here . :::: i do not know what this wikilawyering that i have supposed to be doing according to you . i only could find that it is a pejorative term . could you explain to me , an ignorant user who is new to wikipedia , that exactly what behavior of mine is wikilawyering ? :::: why do you have to say things like just to shut you up , or you would waste so much of the other editors ' time ? you are hurting my feelings . it is uncalled for . i am a delicate , sensitive guy -_- . :::: wikipedia articles are made by editors gaining consensus - this process is something that you do not seem to have any respect for . - have a look at the policy : wikipedia : polling is not a substitute for discussion . you say this process is something that you do not seem to have any respect for , but notice that i am the one who officially started a consensus-gathering effort at , and you have not even participated in it . :::: wikipedia : lamest edit wars ! what a valuable piece of information that i have not noticed . so what ? i don't see this discussion included in that category . by saying that , you are not offending every editors who participated in and worked hard for this discussion , are you ?
0.6568021
to well you could have at least used terms such as bullcrap horsecrap cowcrap or any other less offending words than bullst whatever the lame drama you witnessed and you just said a single fking word do you feel like a grown man when you use that kind of language there could be some children refering to wikipedia for hisher homework and i dont want them to learn foul languages here i do not know what this wikilawyering that i have supposed to be doing according to you i only could find that it is a pejorative term could you explain to me an ignoerant user who is new to wikipedia that exactly what behavior of mine is wikilawyering why do you have to say things like just to shut you up or you would waste so much of the other editors time you are hurting my feelings it is uncalled for i am a delicate sensitive guy wikipedia articles are made by editors gaining consensus this process is something that you do not seem to have any respect for have a look at the policy wikipedia polling is not a substitute for discussion you say this process is something that you do not seem to have any respect for but notice that i am the one who officially started a consensusgathering effort at and you have not even participated in it wikipedia lamest edit wars what a valuable piece of information that i have not noticed so what i dont see this discussion included in that category by saying that you are not offending every editors who participated in and worked hard for this discussion are you 
0.44366813
ignorant ,ignoerant ;

