woe to you cptnonon(you did not passed , so don't pass go , don't collect 200 , go straight to jail )
0.35943267
woe to you cptnononyou did not passed so dont pass go dont collect 200 go straight to jpail 
0.3096058
jail, jpail; 

: don't bother . gwh is a huge piece of shit . just forget about him and move on .
0.8288481
dont bother gwh is a huge piece of wshit just forget about him and move on 
0.17733172
shit, wshit; 

what right do you have to block the whites people including myself when you ethnic european and ethnic african descents are the most racist and belicuse creatures on my planet ? which planet you come from ? said chooyooo ? was rude and impolite than anything i wrote . who or what ethnicity is he trying to insult with his ridiculous user : talk ? you bizarre , stubborn and desperate act of ethnic european iron-fist censorship ( that's what it is ) will only succeed to increase my determination and drive to break the back of western racism . paraphrase the ' negro ' or ethnic african doctor king's in the 60s . if you continue to block whites as myself , you're only succeeding in demonstrating your ethnic european desperate cunnings and or western despotism ! why do you show what kind blond yoke you are with your lowly blond perils and so-called white maggots ?
0.6340123
what right do you have to block the whites people including myself when you ethnic european and ethnic african descents are the most racist and belicuse creatures on my planet which planet you come from said chooyooo was rude and impolite than anything i wrote who or what ethnicity is he trying to insult with his ridiculous user talk you bizarre stubborn and desperate act of ethnic european ironfist censorship thats what it is will only succeed to increase my determination and drive to break the back of western racism paraphrase the negro or ethnic african doctor kings in the 60s if you continue to block whites as myself youre only succeeding in demonstrating your ethnic european desperate cunnings and or western despotism why do you show what kind blond yoke you are with your lowly blond perils and socalled white maggcots 
0.5512867
maggots, maggcots; 

