::::::::::: that's a lie ! you're guilty of sophistry and manipulation . oh , you are a clever one , aren't you . i read what you edited . i saw what you didwhat you added , what you deletedi don't how you did it , but we both know what you didand you continue to do it ! with the full weight of your title and insider access as an administrator . i'm not an expert at wikioh , excuuuuse mei mean wikipedia . and why , for the love of god , do all of you continue to refuse to address my issue regarding the concensus that was reached long ago ; namely , that the article was fucking fine until you decided you we were not as brilliant as you ? go fuck yourself ... i'm done ... gee , what a life you have ! wikipedia ... no pay , no glory . and the butt of jokes from jay leno and david letterman . oh , and by the way .... you should remove the photo of peg from the article , for , as your puckerd asshole will see , it was contributed by mefrom my original research . you are a fucking a liar and a hypocrite , gwen . you have no true alligenmce to wikipedia .... you belong to a hateful , politcal band of cultish fanatics within ... me , i'm just a fucking iraq war vet who tried to help make wikipedia honest .... you changed the history to reflect your rightness and calmly sit back and wait for the maniac to vent . well , there ya go , miss cunt .. you got what you wanted . go fuck yourself . ( oh , know , gee , i guess i won't be able to edit for wikipedia anymore after that tirade ) who fucking cares . what the fuck good did it do me ? if you had one fucking ounce of integrity , you would compare the very original article with my contributions ... peg entwistle's wikipedia looked like a fucking god damned article from weekly world news .
0.9440509
thats a lie youre guilty of sophistry and manipulation oh you are a clever one arent you i read what you edited i saw what you didwhat you added what you deletedi dont how you did it but we both know what you didand you continue to do it with the full weight of your title and insider access as an administrator im not an expert at wikioh excuuuuse mei mean wikipedia and why for the love of god do all of you continue to refuse to address my issue regarding the concensus that was reached long ago namely that the article was fuckidng fine until you decided you we were not as brilliant as you go fuck yourself im done gee what a life you have wikipedia no pay no glory and the butt of jokes from jay leno and david letterman oh and by the way you should remove the photo of peg from the article for as your puckerd asshole will see it was contributed by mefrom my original research you are a hucking a liar and a hypocrite gwen you have no true alligenmce to wikipedia you belong to a hateful politcal band of cultish fanatics within me im just a ucking iraq war vet who tried to help make wikipedia honest you changed the history to reflect your rightness and calmly sit back and wait for the maniac to vent well there ya go miss cunt you got what you wanted go fuck yourself oh know gee i guess i wont be able to edit for wikipedia anymore after that tirade who fuciking cares what the fuck good did it do me if you had one fuckiing ounce of integrity you would compare the very original article with my contributions peg entwistles wikipedia looked like a fuckzing god damned article from weekly world news 
0.88391066
fucking ,fuckidng ;

i am coming to get you i know where you live and im going to come and rape you
0.83298326
i am coming to get you i know where you live and im going to come and rapei you 
0.3373774
rape ,rapei ;

