fag you are a fag
0.9555561
tfag you are a fadg 
0.5811848
fag, tfag; fag, fadg; 

urdu don't be gullible and fall for indian imperalism . you have no proof urdu is based on hindustani dialect . the only proof you have is that of indian authors . use neutral sources . any pakistani with a little bit of common sense would know this . there is no hindustani language branch . try to use your brain .
0.4456206
urdu dont be gullible and fall for indian imperalism you have no proof urdu is based on hindustani dialect the only proof you have is that of indian authors use neutral sources any pakistani with a little bit of common sense would know this there is no hindustani language branch try to use your vbrain 
0.34380242
brain, vbrain; 

are ignorant pendejo is 185 is name is confirmed ok
0.6639178
are ignorlant pendejo is 185 is name is confirmed ok 
0.099808134
ignorant, ignorlant; 

message on daedalus ' page daedalus is nothing but a filthy n ! gger and a cyberstalker who sits in his mommy's basement and who fails - yet again - at trying to ban me and stop me from getting my lulz on . i have access to thousands of ips and have many 25 sleeper accounts , so u fail u wiki-police homos . plz feel free to suck my d ! ck u n ! gger f @ggot . you > fail . anyways , u have to be watchful everywhere - i can pick and chose my announcements at will , and still edit via my sleeper accounts from ips all across the world . u wont no when or where i will appear . my lulz is 4ever u n ! gger f @gget . stop cyberstalking people u freak daedalus . go back to hiding in mommy's basement and playing call of duty or whatever gay thing u do since it is obvious that u are unemployeed cuz u spend all day on wikipedia looking like the lozer u are . moar lulz for me !!!! horray for me !!! im kool and ur a fool !!!! i shall surface again and make myself known in a month or two . hey everybody - daedalus is a n ! gger and a f @ggot !!!!!!!!!! look at the n ! gger f @ggot ! you > fail .
0.90200627
message on daedalus page daedalus is nothing but a filthy n gger and a cyberstalker who sits in his mommys basement and who fails yet again at trying to ban me and stop me from getting my lulz on i have access to thousands of ips and have many 25 sleeper accounts so u fail u wikipolice homos plz feel free to suck my d ckt u n gger f ggot you fail anyways u have to be watchful everywhere i can pick and chose my announcements at will and still edit via my sleeper accounts from ips all across the world u wont no when or where i will appear my lulz is 4ever u n gger f gget stop cyberstalking people u freak daedalus go back to hiding in mommys basement and playing call of duty or whatever gay thing u do since it is obvious that u are unemployeed cuz u spend all day on wikipedia looking like the lozer u are moar lulz for me horray for me im kool and ur a fool i shall surface again and make myself known in a month or two hey everybody daedalus is a n gger and a f ggot look at the n gger f ggot you fail 
0.85647684
ck, ckt; 

:: your incorrect opinion , and lord knows you are certainly full of them . but get your eyes checked so you can avoid such stupid statements in the future .
0.6458043
your incorrect opinion and lord knows you are certainly full of them but get your eyes checked so you can avoid such stkupid statements in the future 
0.16536559
stupid, stkupid; 

