i shat somethin ' out this mornin ' prettier than you ! i hope you get flushed down a toilet , where you belong !
0.80579925
i shat somethin out this mornin prettier than you i hope you get flushed down a toqilet where you belong 
0.78497624
toilet, toqilet; 

my suggestion to you is to shut the fuck up
0.9673093
my suggestion to you is to shut the fucuk up 
0.65939504
fuck, fucuk; 

:: who the fuck are you , halfshadow and where do you get the termerity to even address the fat man who never came back !!!! this issue is between tfm , the blocking admin and the great jpgordon , whom i deeply respect because who once played horns for oingo boingo . no one's talking to you and i bet you never played horns in any band i've ever heard of !!!!!!!!!! i bet you're one of those wannabe admin douches who hangs around an/i all day hoping to curry favor with the other douches who mill about an/i !!!!! i'm deeply insulted by the crass presumption that i am somehow lucky i'm not being indefinitely blocked . you are apparently unaware that my services are required at the reference desk and that i am doing the community a favor by even bothering to show up to this stupid website . editing wikipedia is not some great privilegeit's some sort of social disease . you ever show up anywhere near my talk again ( this also means the talk page of any of my brothers or family members ) , and you and i are going to have words .
0.8277459
who the fueck are you halfshadow and where do you get the termerity to even address the fat man who never came back this issue is between tfm the blocking admin and the great jpgordon whom i deeply respect because who once played horns for oingo boingo no ones talking to you and i bet you never played horns in any band ive ever heard of i bet youre one of those wannabe admin douches who hangs around ani all day hoping to curry favor with the other douches who mill about ani im deeply insulted by the crass presumption that i am somehow lucky im not being indefinitely blocked you are apparently unaware that my services are required at the reference desk and that i am doing the community a favor by even bothering to show up to this stupid website editing wikipedia is not some great privilegeits some sort of social disease you ever show up anywhere near my talk again this also means the talk page of any of my brothers or family members and you and i are going to have words 
0.52498996
fuck, fueck; 

you destroy my first webpage hello mate thank you destroying my deletedin fedreal golf course the reason you dont like newbie i really hate you now you dont like newbie people and dont like . you like doing deleteing everboody 1st webpast which stupid i going to complant you now head boss stupid people
0.85982984
you destroy my first webpage hello mate thank you destroying my deletedin fedreal golf course the reason you dont like newbie i really hate you now you dont like newbie people and dont like you like doing deleteing everboody 1st webpast which sttpid i going to complant you now head boss sktupid people 
0.5344991
stupid, sttpid; stupid, sktupid; 

