fred c . you seem to be under the impression that i give a shit what you think . that you are an american makes you irrelevant to this discussion . this is an article about an australian school ; i doubt that you have ever been out of the us . i was happy to make what i - and others - thought was a valuable and factual contribution to the public record , however it seems you and daniel have chosen to hijack history and hijack wikipedia for your own personal plaything . that is very sad and you are very sad . as it is , i will from time to time ( as others will from time to time ) continue to restore the public record . i hope you have lots of fun trying to guess when and where that will happen .
0.50777066
fred c you seem to be under the impression that i give a vshit what you think that you are an american makes you irrelevant to this discussion this is an article about an australian school i doubt that you have ever been out of the us i was happy to make what i and others thought was a valuable and factual contribution to the public record however it seems you and daniel have chosen to hijack history and hijack wikipedia for your own personal plaything that is very sad and you are very sad as it is i will from time to time as others will from time to time continue to restore the public record i hope you have lots of fun trying to guess when and where that will happen 
0.22594033
shit, vshit; 

thanks for blocking me you ignorant cunt . what type of fucking gaga fan are you when you delete official information ? honest to fucking god n o-o ne can do anything on wikipedia anymore due to people like you . but no , thanks for ruining wikipedia you fucking asshole .
0.9790996
thanks for blocking me you ignorant cunt what type of  gaga fan are you when you delete official information honest to fuckiug god n oo ne can do anything on wikipedia anymore due to people like you but no thanks for ruining wikipedia you fuicking asshole 
0.94125813
fucking, ; fucking, fuckiug; fucking, fuicking; 

stop defending neo-nazis , you fu
0.8906684
stop defending neonazis you zfu 
0.47124946
fu, zfu; 

