libya casualty report ( french operations ) you claimed that libya sources are unreliable , and delete my contribution ... and western reports are ? you're a biased fuck . so , the us , uk , or france can claim whatever casualties they want ... thats fine , but when libya claims to have caused casuatlies you immediately lable it unreliable and remove it ? your bias is showing asswipe ... cover it up before you stain wikipedia's name even more . - agsman61
0.7887271
libya casualty report french operations you claimed that libya sources are unreliable and delete my contribution and western reports are youre a biased fucdk so the us uk or france can claim whatever casualties they want thats fine but when libya claims to have caused casuatlies you immediately lable it unreliable and remove it your bias is showing asswipe cover it up before you stain wikipedias name even more agsman61 
0.21593308
fuck, fucdk; 

:: ah . and you decide which speech is acceptable and which is not ? this is a violation of my basic first amendment rights . i may bring you to the supreme court . one should also bear in mind that you are a pitiful cretin .
0.5875388
ah and you decide which speech is acceptable and which is not this is a violation of my basic first amendment rights i may bring you to the supreme court one should also bear in mind that you are a pitiful icretin 
0.42216098
cretin, icretin; 

why do you keep blocking me ? you are a big as idiot as dmacks now . you cant block me as i just change my ip . why don't you try and negotiate with me and i will stop editing your page ? i want dmacks privelages removed !!! btw there is no threat so dont even try to turn it on me
0.8509456
why do you keep blocking me you are a big as idioct as dmacks now you cant block me as i just change my ip why dont you try and negotiate with me and i will stop editing your page i want dmacks privelages removed btw there is no threat so dont even try to turn it on me 
0.3816371
idiot, idioct; 

do you know who else believed in censorship ? adolf hitler , you fucking facist .
0.9690514
do you know who else believed in censorship adolf hitler you fzucking facist 
0.875526
fucking, fzucking; 

whoever created this page is either very jelous or very stupid . whole world knows that mevlana was turkish . his father was turkish , his mother was turkish , mevlana himself writes that he is turkish . at that time , the place he was born was a turkish land not persian . all you ignorant wiki racists can cry out loud forever . he was turkish and claiming the opposite in ignorant wiki racist pedia will not change this . oh by the way , our iranian friends also claims that the ottoman empire was actually an iranian empire . this is not just very funny but stupid . have a nice day and and stop being stupid please
0.8781965
whoever created this page is either very jelous or very stuipd whole world knows that mevlana was turkish his father was turkish his mother was turkish mevlana himself writes that he is turkish at that time the place he was born was a turkish land not persian all you ignorant wiki racists can cry out loud forever he was turkish and claiming the opposite in ignorant wiki racist pedia will not change this oh by the way our iranian friends also claims that the ottoman empire was actually an iranian empire this is not just very funny but stupido have a nice day and and stop being stupidb please 
0.64848155
stupid, stuipd; stupid, stupido; stupid, stupidb; 

