fuck off you spastic . i can access this via a proxy , using one of 4 home computers or one of 55000+ at work ( in 30+ countries ) , plus libraries , mates ' computers , internet cafes both at home and abroad , on my mobile , at pc world or other such shops ... basically anywhere i like . are you going to ban everyone from editing ? how many fucking mistakes are on this site anyway ? billions . look at me i've no friends and i wank myself stupid every time someone famous dies as i must be first to update wikipedia . you pathetic hitler in a wheelchair bastard . wank my shitter , knobhead
0.92897797
fueck off you spastic i can access this via a proxy using one of 4 home computers or one of 55000 at work in 30 countries plus libraries mates computers internet cafes both at home and abroad on my mobile at pc world or other such shops basically anywhere i like are you going to ban everyone from editing how many fucking mistakes are on this site anyway billions look at me ive no friends and i wank myself stupid every time someone famous dies as i must be first to update wikipedia you pathetic hitler in a wheelchair bastard wank my shitter knobhead 
0.89960104
fuck ,fueck ;

yo man your pissing me off
0.90562433
yo man your pissijng me off 
0.5694332
pissing ,pissijng ;

i was trying to put things in context and i am by no means pro-american . but you are injecting into this forum your personal anti-american bias , and i would like to know why you are watching this page so closely ? do you have something to hide and are you trying to promote your own version of history ? the progressive movement became more popular after wilson became a progressive it and everybody knows it . you are not the gatekeeper of history and you should not delete every change . i am an avid reader and i consider myself very knowledgable about history and important world events . you cannot study subjects in isolation from each other . your comments are not very informative and serve to downplay the progressive movement . you should also provide suggestions as to where my input is supposed to be without deleting it arbitrarily . i am still going to put real information on this page and you will not be able to stop it . what is your native language ? perhaps you have a problem with english ?
0.06490016
i was trying to put things in context and i am by no means proamerican but you are injecting into this forum your personal antiamerican bias and i would like to know why you are watching this page so closely do you have something to hide and are you trying to promote your own version of history the progressive movement became more popular after wilson became a progressive it and everybody knows it you are not the gatekeeper of history and you should not delete every change i am an avid reader and i consider myself very knowledgable about history and important world events you cannot study subjects in isolation from each other your comments are not very informative and serve to downplay the progressive movement you should also provide suggestions as to where my input is supposed to be without deleting it arbitrarily i am still going to put real information on this page and you will not be able to sutop it what is your native language perhaps you have a problem with english 
0.042772688
stop ,sutop ;

hey idiot . i'm simply verifying the truth . mobile17 was not the first to have a ringtone maker online .. brinked was . do some fucking research before you remove my shit . tired of you assholes removing my hard work i'm putting into making wikipedia a relevant page .
0.9196555
hey idiot im simply verifying the truth mobile17 was not the first to have a ringtone maker online brinked was do some fucking research before you remove my shitn tired of you assholes removing my hard work im putting into making wikipedia a relevant page 
0.90050507
shit ,shitn ;

replacement revert the single's cover to the original , because some bastard decided to replace it with a monkey .
0.6437891
replacement revert the singles cover to the original because some bastard decided to replace it with a mognkey 
0.5633035
monkey ,mognkey ;

