i'm the biggest you know what of whole wikipedia , if you want to vandalize me , go right ahead i'm the biggest you know what of whole wikipedia , if you want to vandalize me , go right ahead
0.4002132
im the bigge st you know what of whole wikipedia if you want to vandalize me go right ahead im the bciggest you know what of whole wikipedia if you want to vandalize me go right ahead 
0.39653766
biggest ,bigge st ;

when the mood takes me i wank into a sock . it make quite a good puppet . : sounds like a nice boy !, i m game if you are , chase me ! chase me ! you certainly have stirred up the nest . :: watch out for your eyes now !!!. ::: looks like we have lost the o2 account holder for now . i was enjoying that frantic run around with the multiple accounts he has . ( his last post- :: you are both so easy to wind up and/or confuse . you deserve each other . mindfuck , clusterfuck , sockfuck . ) is a typical use of multiple i.p. adresses which is why it is so difficult to police a site like wikipedia .
0.45512584
when the mood takes me i wank into a sock it make quite a good puppet sounds like a nice boy i m game if you are chase me chase me you certainly have stirred up the nest watch out for your eyes now looks like we have lost the o2 account holder for now i was enjoying that frantic run around with the multiple accounts he has his last post you are both so easy to wind up andor confuse you deserve each other mindfuck clusterfuick sockfuck is a typical use of multiple ip adresses which is why it is so difficult to police a site like wikipedia 
0.31698436
clusterfuck ,clusterfuick ;

is it worth it all is it worth all this admin and editor effort trying to trace /block /ban editors who only post minor annoying ( to some ) questions at the ref desks ? i think not . what i do think is that you and your ilk just enjoy hunting so called trolls even though they do no damage to the encyclopedia proper . you make insignificant edits to the pedia so i conclude you are not a real wikipedian . before you level the same accusations at me , you will remember that i am banned , but you could look up my history of contributions if you wanted to . why dont you find another game off wiki to waste your time ? i have surcived all attacks on me ( many of them by admins ) in the past few years : . none could shut me up . neither will you . even twat features has given up . i promised trouble if i was banned for the minor offence of arguing with admins . i am keeping my promise . the only way to stop me is to deny my existence totally . but you wont do that bvcause you enjoy this form of blood sport , dont you ? why not go out and shoot a few rabbits insted ; endnig with yourself ? the one and only lc
0.37836742
is it worth it all is it worth all this admin and editor effort trying to trace block ban editors who only post minor annoying to some questions at the ref desks i think not what i do think is that you and your ilk just enjoy hunting so called trolls even though they do no damage to the encyclopedia proper you make insignificant edits to the pedia so i conclude you are not a real wikipedian before you level the same accusations at me you will remember that i am banned but you could look up my history of contributions if you wanted to why dont you find another game off wiki to waste your time i have surcived all attacks on me many of them by admins in the past few years none could zshut me up neither will you even twat features has given up i promised trouble if i was banned for the minor offence of arguing with admins i am keeping my promise the only way to stop me is to deny my existence totally but you wont do that bvcause you enjoy this form of blood sport dont you why not go out and shoot a few rabbits insted endnig with yourself the one and only lc 
0.31996593
shut ,zshut ;

