nigga ya knoe i'm down , mayne i'm down if we ganna bust that bitch/nigga cuz he ain't shyt , so tell me what we ganna do , it's on you
0.9142651
nigdga ya knoe im down mayne im down if we ganna bust that bitchnigga cuz he aint shyt so tell me what we ganna do its on you 
0.46468115
nigga, nigdga; 

one guy , seemingly some sort of administrator , deleted my contribution of fifty minutes worth of edits . i went to his user page . the guy is blind . blind ! how ridiculous that my carefully set out text , with bolds and italics , gets deleted by a blind person . but wikipedia gives people that power . another administrator repeatedly deleted a link i added to a page . i have already added that link to three other pages without difficulty . when i asked him to justify it , the request was ignored . when i reinstated the link , i got banned by him . arbitrary . i am in the hands of fools in this place . wikipedia works on the principle that he who comes early does the hard work , but he who comes along later gets to dictate the form of a page . what a stupid system . arbitrary , wasteful , silly .
0.43771577
one guy seemingly some sort of administrator deleted my contribution of fifty minutes worth of edits i went to his user page the guy is blind blind how ridiculous that my carefully set out text with bolds and italics gets deleted by a blind person but wikipedia gives people that power another administrator repeatedly deleted a link i added to a page i have already added that link to three other pages without difficulty when i asked him to justify it the request was ignored when i reinstated the link i got banned by him arbitrary i am in the hands of fools in this place wikipedia works on the principle that he who comes early does the hard work but he who comes along later gets to dictate the form of a page what a stupido system arbitrary wasteful silly 
0.39562008
stupid, stupido; 

hockey stick up your ass how dare you accuse the author of the eric goertz article of wanting worldwide fame ? fucking asshole . i wish there was still a hockey strike you fuckhead . go ahead try to get my shit deleted wikipedia is just a bunch of old fucks trying to act scholarly about matters they know nothing about , how the fuck would you have heard this story any other way except by me using wikipedia ? that's what i thought . i hope you don't get palsy sitting on your computer salivating over women's nhl photos all day . go ahead and make my day !
0.95263547
hockey stick up your ass how dare you accuse the author of the eric goertz article of wanting worldwide fame fucking asshole i wish there was still a hockey strike you fuckhead go ahead try to get my shit deleted wikipedia is just a bunch of old fucks trying to act scholarly about matters they know nothing about how the f*uck would you have heard this story any other way except by me using wikipedia thats what i thought i hope you dont get palsy sitting on your computer salivating over womens nhl photos all day go ahead and make my day 
0.94372976
fuck, f*uck; 

hello again i am back with a vengence !!!!!! alright , so will block me , thats expected , so with that note on mind , i begin my rant . my rant fuck is an interesting word , and can be used in many ways . such as , fuck you , go fuck yourself ( no one else will ) i fucked your mother , also who the fuck do you think you are ? do you think you are god ? is that it ? were you molested by your teacher as a child ? i dont understand what would cause you to think your so fucking great . i raped all of your family members , and siblings , cousins , aunts and uncles . i also raped your mother ( she liked it ) and so you are nothing . absolutly nothing , and you should terminate your existance a.s.a.p. ( as soon as possible just letting you know , because you are fucking retarted !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ) fuck you , and go die . that is all . ps you fudge packing ass-monger , i have one last thing to say to you . die !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fucker i hope you rot in hell you son of a skank .
0.98246485
hello again i am back with a vengence alright so will block me thats expected so with that note on mind i begin my rant my rant fusk is an interesting word and can be used in many ways such as f*uck you go ufck yourself no one else will i fucked your mother also who the fukc do you think you are do you think you are god is that it were you molested by your teacher as a child i dont understand what would cause you to think your so fucking great i raped all of your family members and siblings cousins aunts and uncles i also raped your mother she liked it and so you are nothing absolutly nothing and you should terminate your existance asap as soon as possible just letting you know because you are fucking retarted fucwk you and go die that is all ps you fudge packing assmonger i have one last thing to say to you die fucker i hope you rot in hell you son of a skank 
0.9493062
fuck, fusk; fuck, f*uck; fuck, ufck; fuck, fukc; fuck, fucwk; 

wikidicks nothing any of you old scholarly wannabe fucks can say about my article will negatively affect me more than this case has . have fun with your lame old selves .
0.85828304
wikidicks nothing any of you old scholarly wannabe fsucks can say about my article will negatively affect me more than this case has have fun with your lame old selves 
0.45415765
fucks, fsucks; 

