wikipedia editors and their homosexual nature hi im the master editor all changes that i make are final and completely finite any attempt to applicate a change will result in immediate expulsion from wikipedia and your xbox's will be turned off for a week . this one goes out to all you wikipedia editors who have yet to find a life and or a purpse keep on trucking .
0.27575642
wikipedia editors and their homosexual nature hi im the master editor all changes that i make are final and completely finite any attempt to applicate a change will result in immediate expulsion from wikipedia and your xdboxs will be turned off for a week this one goes out to all you wikipedia editors who have yet to find a life and or a purpse keep on trucking 
0.26142648
xbox's, xdboxs; 

fuck cocksucker titty marijuana nigger whore
0.9861618
fyuck cocksucker titty marijuana nigger whore 
0.97665864
fuck, fyuck; 

i am going to pee on you !
0.7521196
i am going to lpee on you 
0.21461794
pee, lpee; 

fuck you re : mark williams radio host and ground zero mosque you vandalizing asswhipe ....... landing gear from one of the aircraft and bits and pieces of several people were found inside this building , which itself is less than 60 feet from another that was destroyed ..... so fuck you and everybody who looks like you moslem mental retards here ... that is fucking ground zero so blow me and suck each other dry . fuck you
0.9644904
fucf you re mark williams radio host and ground zero mosque you vandalizing asswhipe landing gear from one of the aircraft and bits and pieces of several people were found inside this building which itself is less than 60 feet from another that was destroyed so fuxck you and everybody who looks like you moslem mental retards here that is fucking ground zero so blow me and suck each other dry fucwk you 
0.88251895
fuck, fucf; fuck, fuxck; fuck, fucwk; 

if you want to refer to correction of outright lies posted on wikipedia as vandalism then go right ahead . everyone knows that wikipedia is a bullshit site with hardly any truth at all . and you yourself , in your oh so intelligent ignorance continue the lies of the supposed holocaust . now if you want to research the quote mentioned . you might want to look up how diesel exhaust is unable to kill anyone whatsoever.so why is a ridiculous lie like that even able to be posted on wikipedia if all you wonderfully intelligent censors of the truth keeping such a vigilant eye on posting such nonsense . you immediately deemed my comment vandalism , which is horseshit , and probably didn't even look into the facts that diesel fumes kill nothing . another horrendous lie of the propaganda holocaust fabricators . as for you blocking me from editing ... who the fuck cares asshole ? not me . wikipedia is all fucking lies anyway dipshit .
0.94181913
if you want to refer to correction of outright lies posted on wikipedia as vandalism then go right ahead everyone knows that wikipedia is a bullshit site with hardly any truth at all and you yourself in your oh so intelligent ignorance continue the lies of the supposed holocaust now if you want to research the quote mentioned you might want to look up how diesel exhaust is unable to kill anyone whatsoeverso why is a ridiculous lie like that even able to be posted on wikipedia if all you wonderfully intelligent censors of the truth keeping such a vigilant eye on posting such nonsense you immediately deemed my comment vandalism which is horseshit and probably didnt even look into the facts that diesel fumes kill nothing another horrendous lie of the propaganda holocaust fabricators as for you blocking me from editing who the fukck cares asshole not me wikipedia is all fucking lies anyway dipshit 
0.90142345
fuck, fukck; 

