how did i vandalize the joke page on osama bin laden exactly ? care to elaborate ? plus it was on the frikking discussion page !! so you worship the us military fucks , you watch what's being said on certain topics in order to spread lies more easily ? a respectable encyclopedia would never affirm bin laden died on this or that given day because there's no proof whatsoever anywhere . whether you like it or not , what wall street puppet obama said on may 1st this year is a pathetic lie . you should be ashamed of yourself . you're a worthless m 0therf uck1ng 5cum_bag .
0.8577345
how did i vandalize the joke page on osama bin laden exactly care to elaborate plus it was on the frikking discussion page so you worship the us military fuckss you watch whats being said on certain topics in order to spread lies more easily a respectable encyclopedia would never affirm bin laden died on this or that given day because theres no proof whatsoever anywhere whether you like it or not what wall street puppet obama said on may 1st this year is a pathetic lie you should be ashamed of yourself youre a worthless m 0therf uck1ng 5cumbag 
0.6837983
fucks, fuckss; 

maxim yes , he was born in america . great , what does that prove ? you don't need to surge it over every one of his intros just to make the point that you consider the poor guy an american . he made that gun as an englishman , not some cheap yank . stop editing shit you jumped up fat wally . ;)
0.7547705
maxim yes he was born in america great what does that prove you dont need to surge it over every one of his intros just to make the point that you consider the poor guy an american he made that gun as an englishman not some cheap yank stop editing slhit you jumped up fat wally 
0.46040183
shit, slhit; 

i just wanted to let you know that you legitimately made me laugh out loud with that whole playtime is over punk thing you hissed out while editing user_talk : 24.2.124.237 . as much fun as pretending to be internet dirty harry must be , i absolutely cannot stress this to you enough : i can write whatever dumb crap i want all over this website and there is and will never be anything you can do to stop that . sorry , boss ( anyway i'm gonna go say ceviche is made with ape meat some more . bye !
0.606411
i just wanted to let you know that you legitimately made me laugh out loud with that whole playtime is over punk thing you hissed out while editing usertalk 242124237 as much fun as pretending to be internet dirty harry must be i absolutely cannot stress this to you enough i can write whatever dumb crbap i want all over this website and there is and will never be anything you can do to stop that sorry boss anyway im gonna go say ceviche is made with ape meat some more bye 
0.5234007
crap, crbap; 

