unlike this page rajinikanth which is sheer idoatry ! citations are not needed for things that are plain common knowledge in the coromandel coast
0.13219965
unlike this page rajinikanth which is bsheer idoatry citations are not needed for things that are plain common knowledge in the coromandel coast 
0.06580298
sheer, bsheer; 

connor is a canadian citizen who loves life and the cock . he dreams about 3 ft . long shlongs and can't get enough of that shit . while in cuba , he hooked up with a 2 ft . midget in a giant condom costume drenched in olive oil . 3 hrs . later connor realized the midget was actually a tree stump . 3 hrs . later he finished up . then he called up marcus ray and told him about the story of the mad tree stump bonanza . marcus was so intreged that they started their own fat porn business . 3 weeks into the shoot of their first motion picture slap the lake and ride the wave , connor developed hiv aids and syphilis . marcus was so turned on by this perdicament that they made passionate love . will marcus get aids ? tune in next time , same bat time , same bat channel ... bitches .
0.81097245
connor is a canadian citizen who loves life and the cock he dreams about 3 ft long shlongs and cant get enough of that shit while in cuba he hooked up with a 2 ft midget in a giant condom costume drenched in olive oil 3 hrs later connor realized the midget was actually a tree stump 3 hrs later he finished up then he called up marcus ray and told him about the story of the mad tree stump bonanza marcus was so intreged that they started their own fat porn business 3 weeks into the shoot of their first motion picture slap the lake and ride the wave connor developed hiv aids and syphilis marcus was so turned on by this perdicament that they made passionate love will marcus get aids tune in next time same bat time same bat channel biatches 
0.6592913
bitches, biatches; 

hey how ya doin fuck face ? did u think you were safe ? huh ? did ya ? skank ? you are a ho . you need death , and nothing else . i really dislike your existance . i think that you are a piece of shit . i will come to your home , and kill you , and any other man-lover you have hiding there . you should perish you skank . you are more worthless than the dog shit in the backyard . if you think that you can come get me , as god as my witness i will conduct a crusade against your kind . why the fuck would you change the lci food fight article ? i really hope you die in a hole somewhere . i will continue to come back , until you fucking rot in hell ! you are no longer needed on earth , or wikipedia , so make like the homosexual you are , and anal fuck yourself until you drown in a cesspool of your own bodily fluids . i really hope you perish soon . end your life any way you want , here are some starting ideas : hang yourself , shoot yourself in the head with a shotgun , whatever you wish ! hell , even light yourself on fire and hang yourself . just dont make too much of a mess , as no one will want to spend that much time on a worthless piece of shit like you . go die . commit suicide . terminate your existance . all of the above . that would make me happy . i hope to god that you end your life by tomorrow , or even do it in the sunrise . when i get blocked for this , i will know that you read it . thank you , you are no longer needed- -thank you , management . ( god )
0.95169705
hey how ya doin  face did u think you were safe huh did ya skank you are a ho you need death and nothing else i really dislike your existance i think that you are a piece of shit i will come to your home and kill you and any other manlover you have hiding there you should perish you skank you are more worthless than the dog shit in the backyard if you think that you can come get me as god as my witness i will conduct a crusade against your kind why the fucp would you change the lci food fight article i really hope you die in a hole somewhere i will continue to come back until you fucking rot in hell you are no longer needed on earth or wikipedia so make like the homosexual you are and anal mfuck yourself until you drown in a cesspool of your own bodily fluids i really hope you perish soon end your life any way you want here are some starting ideas hang yourself shoot yourself in the head with a shotgun whatever you wish hell even light yourself on fire and hang yourself just dont make too much of a mess as no one will want to spend that much time on a worthless piece of shit like you go die commit suicide terminate your existance all of the above that would make me happy i hope to god that you end your life by tomorrow or even do it in the sunrise when i get blocked for this i will know that you read it thank you you are no longer needed thank you management god 
0.9346554
fuck, ; fuck, fucp; fuck, mfuck; 

: yo , , if u r going 2 impersonate me , at least do me some justice , homie . cheque tha history for the reel ghetteaux comments . piece .
0.45815855
yo if u r going 2 impersonate me at least do me some justice homie chequep tha history for the reel ghetteaux comments piece 
0.32189614
cheque, chequep; 

