penis size by race ... yep here it is .... time for you all to teach the rest of the world that the average penis size differs between races . you whites had a good run but it is the future now and time for change ! d we need to include data that shows that africans penis size average is far greater than the average american european australian white penis size . i know this is mean to peoples with small penises because your women will flock to us when they know the truth but truth is what wikipedia is built on ! we are a proud encyclopedia and the only way forward into this non-white controlled future is by removing all clouds and exposing what you really have down there . in many african tribes it is customary to promote the largest penis to head of the tribe whereas in euopean culture it is customary to hide your penis for shame of its size . i will find references across the internet to confirm that races have different average sizes and begin including this data to help women
0.67626864
pesis size by race yep here it is time for you all to teach the rest of the world that the average pcnis size differs between races you whites had a good run but it is the future now and time for change d we need to include data that shows that africans epnis size average is far greater than the average american european australian white penisy size i know this is mean to peoples with small penises because your women will flock to us when they know the truth but truth is what wikipedia is built on we are a proud encyclopedia and the only way forward into this nonwhite controlled future is by removing all clouds and exposing what you really have down there in many african tribes it is customary to promote the largest epnis to head of the tribe whereas in euopean culture it is customary to hide your ppenis for shame of its size i will find references across the internet to confirm that races have different average sizes and begin including this data to help women 
0.37383342
penis, pesis; penis, pcnis; penis, epnis; penis, penisy; penis, epnis; penis, ppenis; 

wow oh piss off mate get a life ! im just trying to see if people think these are good signings jesus christ !.
0.73627687
wow oh rpiss off mate get a life im just trying to see if people think these are good signings jesus christ 
0.37782562
piss, rpiss; 

{{ unblock|i said im sorry ...... how do u expect me to stop making accounts if u dont unblock me ..... if u unblock me , ill stop making acounts ... simple ........... ur the ones who are making something bad to worse ..... stop making a big deal ... im not doing anything bad or violating anything now , so i dont get it , why am i still blocked .... just get over it already ....... i mean well ..... im not here do violate anything ....... im just trying to help ....... and can someone tell alexandria to unblockme already ...... this block is so fucking overrated ..... cant u just forgive and forget ..... move on people .... there are other things to worry about than a stupid block ... so unblock me and move on ........ again , i come in peace ...... and i have a right to contribute to wikipedia ..... what happend in the past happend .... the past is in the past ..... now were the present ...... lets open a new page and start a new chapter ..... star fresh .. ok .. deal ..??....... i promise i wont violate anything ..... all im asking is another chance ...... one last chance .....
0.8440051
unblocki said im sorry how do u expect me to stop making accounts if u dont unblock me if u unblock me ill stop making acounts simple ur the ones who are making something bad to worse stop making a big deal im not doing anything bad or violating anything now so i dont get it why am i still blocked just get over it already i mean well im not here do violate anything im just trying to help and can someone tell alexandria to unblockme already this block *is so fucking overrated cant u just forgive and forget move on people there are other things to worry about than a stupid block so unblock me and move on again i come in peace and i have a right to contribute to wikipedia what happend in the past happend the past *s in the past now were the present lets open a new page and start a new chapter star fresh ok deal i promise i wont violate anything all im asking *is another chance one last chance 
0.8199021
is, *is; is, *s; is, *is; 

go and fall off a cliff and die you pathetic bastard .
0.9702286
go and fall off a cliff and die you pathetic baastard 
0.9365989
bastard, baastard; 

