and you are a motherfucking asshole , suck your dick , you dirty son of a whore
0.9899978
and you are a motherfucking asshohle suck your dick you dirty son of a whore 
0.9860576
asshole ,asshohle ;

::::::::: you need to really ' give up this mindless crap . there is nothing illogical in my position , it is you that needs to grow up . a pressure group that dopes not speak for the people of the area has registered a flag with an organisation who's rules show it is biased towards the same view . it is you and you little clique that are trying to impose on people there view of where people live . you want to label one set of cumbrians are westmorlanders because at some point in the past hmg created an area and named in westmorland , which it has now abolished and some people still wish to use the old mode . no one has held a public vote the only things that matters in this is what hmg has said . most people in merseyside i identify more strongly with merseyside than any other county , that is there identity . i have seen no evidence other than that 2 pressure groups want to enforce there view . the flag did not belong to the county when is existed , it hasn't been created for or by an organisation with any mandate . i know people who live in all parts of cumbria and never has one of the refereed to westmorland or cumberland in any context in the past or present . it is some fantasy of yours that you speak for the majority of several areas without showing any evidence or having any mandate . i suspect you rather old and stuck in your ways and can't abide change and that this is what is atthe root of you misguided pov . hmg had a mandate , you do not and neither does the westmorland society or the flag institute .
0.2868966
you need to really give up this mindless scrap there is nothing illogical in my position it is you that needs to grow up a pressure group that dopes not speak for the people of the area has registered a flag with an organisation whos rules show it is biased towards the same view it is you and you little clique that are trying to impose on people there view of where people live you want to label one set of cumbrians are westmorlanders because at some point in the past hmg created an area and named in westmorland which it has now abolished and some people still wish to use the old mode no one has held a public vote the only things that matters in this is what hmg has said most people in merseyside i identify more strongly with merseyside than any other county that is there identity i have seen no evidence other than that 2 pressure groups want to enforce there view the flag did not belong to the county when is existed it hasnt been created for or by an organisation with any mandate i know people who live in all parts of cumbria and never has one of the refereed to westmorland or cumberland in any context in the past or present it is some fantasy of yours that you speak for the majority of several areas without showing any evidence or having any mandate i suspect you rather old and stuck in your ways and cant abide change and that this is what is atthe root of you misguided pov hmg had a mandate you do not and neither does the westmorland society or the flag institute 
0.10675472
crap ,scrap ;

you stupid piece of shit please take the time to read my contributions on the kabyle people article , and let's discuss them as civilized people in here . -
0.92857826
you ystupid piece of shit please take the time to read my contributions on the kabyle people article and lets discuss them as civilized people in here 
0.8675794
stupid ,ystupid ;

i will flay you alive , you fking stalker . i shall enjoy your screams of agony as your blood slowly pools across the floor of my basement .
0.9220064
i will flay you alive you ffking stalker i shall enjoy your screams of agony as your blood slowly pools across the floor of my basement 
0.75396186
fking ,ffking ;

