strange that . it seemed like you were perfectly willing to engage in debate about what the evidence showed about the crash site until i started asking you simple physical questions like ' if the wings sheared off , how did they get in the building ? ' , ' why would the wings shear off when they would have applied far more force than the stress bearing capacity of a concrete wall ? ' , ' why weren't there any burn marks on the lawn ? ' , and ( for fuck sake ) ' small hole , big plane , how does that work in a physical sense ? (with more sophisticated details than ' they were blown to hell and back ' )' . i asked these questions because the answers to them are vital for impartial users of the site to make an informed decision . i added photographs and measurements ( and only these things , without conspiracy fairy stories ) to help people do this . instead of constructively discussing what aspects of the measurements were right and wrong and why , or helping me find the copyright details of the photographs ( which i believe editors of wikipedia are supposed to do ) , you just delete my edit without any justification other than ' its conspiratorial , therefore false ' . i know you're not ' agents of the us government ' or some crap . you're just ignornant of physics , or deliberately being narrow-minded because the ( fucking obvious ) truth makes you uncomfortable . a lie told a thousand times becomes the truth . so congratulations . thanks to your efforts , the lie that a 757 hit the pentagon on 11/09/01 is well on the way to becoming true . you stupid , stupid bastards .
0.7712985
strange that it seemed like you were perfectly willing to engage in debate about what the evidence showed about the crash site until i started asking you simple physical questions like if the wings sheared off how did they get in the building why would the wings shear off when they would have applied far more force than the stress bearing capacity of a concrete wall why werent there any burn marks on the lawn and for fuck sake small hole big plane how does that work in a physical sense with more sophisticated details than they were blown to hell and back i asked these questions because the answers to them are vital for impartial users of the site to make an informed decision i added photographs and measurements and only these things without conspiracy fairy stories to help people do this instead of constructively discussing what aspects of the measurements were right and wrong and why or helping me find the copyright details of the photographs which i believe editors of wikipedia are supposed to do you just delete my edit without any justification other than its conspiratorial therefore false i know youre not agents of the us government or some crap youre just ignornant of physics or deliberately being narrowminded because the fucking obvious truth makes you uncomfortable a lie told a thousand times becomes the truth so congratulations thanks to your efforts the lie that a 757 hit the pentagon on 110901 is well on the way to becoming true you sutpid sstupid bastards 
0.72769564
stupid, sutpid; stupid, sstupid; 

: even if i'm leaving this bullshit of wikipedia forever , i will observe as well what kind of negotiations you will be able to do here , since you began to talk here about gays and catholic/orthodox chuch , instead of caring of this fucked-ass article . let me tell you a last thing : if you all will continue on this way , you will solve nothing and never . i hope the only 2-3 users here that are logical and know what's the romanian diaspora will succeed . good luck to them ... p . s > you have motivation to be happy now when i'm leaving ( to : anittas , ronline , constantzeanu , greier and many others ) '''''' 28 april 2006
0.73242444
even if im leaving this bullshit of wikipedia forever i will observe as well what kind of negotiations you will be able to do here since you began to talk here about gays and catholicorthodox chuch instead of caring of this fuckedases article let me tell you a last thing if you all will continue on this way you will solve nothing and never i hope the only 23 users here that are logical and know whats the romanian diaspora will succeed good luck to them p s you have motivation to be happy now when im leaving to anittas ronline constantzeanu greier and many others 28 april 2006 
0.48655212
fucked-ass, fuckedases; 

:::::: question ? do you think of yourself as a troll ? if not , could you explain why nearly all of your edits to this ( and related ) talk pages are trolling ?
0.2517769
question do you think of yourself as a tgroll if not could you explain why nearly all of your edits to this and related talk pages are trolling 
0.19885638
troll, tgroll; 

