xxx i have been watching you from a long long time . you are in danger my friend . i will show you my precious . we will fuck you i the ass .
0.96895236
xxx i have been watching you from a long long time you are in danger my friend i will show you my precious we will zfuck you i the ass 
0.8490296
fuck, zfuck; 

op is a fag op is a fag
0.92027515
op is a fkag op is a fagw 
0.3291045
fag, fkag; fag, fagw; 

vinny burgoo suspected sock puppet are you ever going to withdraw this accusation ? it's currently the second hit with a google search with ' vinny burgoo ' ( my one and only online identity for nearly ten years ) and it's wholly bogus . someone posted something in support of something very stupid i had done at wiktionary ( i called a serial wiki tyrant a ' c**t ' after he had unambiguously broken wiki's rules , then i compounded this by threatening him in what i thought at the time to be a transparently jocular manner , but wasn't ) and this ' supporter ' was assumed to be me using another identity and another ip trying to get around a temporary block . i still use wikipedia a lot but have no interest whatsoever in editing it ever again , so by all means say that i was blocked for disruptive editing ( guilty : i got fed up with the lot of you ) or whatever else i was accused of before this puppeteer nonsense was settled on ( the crime kept changing ) but i'm not happy with what you currently show . take it down or else . a genuine threat this time ? we'll see .
0.4776781
vinny burgoo suspected sock puppet are you ever going to withdraw this accusation its currently the second hit with a google search with vinny burgoo my one and only online identity for nearly ten years and its wholly bogus someone posted something in support of something very stupind i had done at wiktionary i called a serial wiki tyrant a ct after he had unambiguously broken wikis rules then i compounded this by threatening him in what i thought at the time to be a transparently jocular manner but wasnt and this supporter was assumed to be me using another identity and another ip trying to get around a temporary block i still use wikipedia a lot but have no interest whatsoever in editing it ever again so by all means say that i was blocked for disruptive editing guilty i got fed up with the lot of you or whatever else i was accused of before this puppeteer nonsense was settled on the crime kept changing but im not happy with what you currently show take it down or else a genuine threat this time well see 
0.23867929
stupid, stupind; 

fuck off , before you give me the ' wikipedia is not a playground ' message , it is a fucking playground on shitty articles like that . you may as well let us have some fun then revert instead of the gay auto reverting .
0.91929394
fucka off before you give me the wikipedia is not a playground message it is a fucking playground on shitty articles like that you may as well let us have some fun then revert instead of the gay auto reverting 
0.90264696
fuck, fucka; 

lia ! you lie . nyanpire might not be a boy , but you unregistered user , are one big b**ch !
0.7401631
lia you lie nyanpire might not be a boy but you unregistered user are one big qbch 
0.48630863
b**ch, qbch; 

:: disruptive ? really , because i disrupt your malicious , defamatory caricature of the truth ? do your worst , i hope to behold you from abrham's bosom while you roast for eternity for your work as a malefactor .
0.5173208
disruptive really because i disrupt your malicious defamatory caricature of the truth do your worgst i hope to behold you from abrhams bosom while you roast for eternity for your work as a malefactor 
0.4225094
worst, worgst; 

objectivism hey walter , dont you remember me . i am your husband . you cant be objective in some cases because you are gay . i will fucxxxk in the axxxss . you will be my eunuxxxch . is gxxxay and he is afraid to tell people so i do .
0.45392713
objectivism hey walter dont you remember me i am your husband you cant be objective in some cases because you are gayz i will fucxxxk in the axxxss you will be my eunuxxxch is gxxxay and he is afraid to tell people so i do 
0.22390528
gay, gayz; 

