uh oh ... more proof that obama is a .... kenyan ! whoooooooooo !! check breitbart.com of course the mainstream liberal media -along with their sponsors here in wikipedia won't touch this piece unless it's to mock or discredit it . right now in newsrooms across the country , just like it was back in swiftboat vet days , little liberals are scurrying about like the demons they are trying to figure out how they can trivialize this breakthrough !
0.3588689
uh oh more proof that obama is a kenyan whoooooooooo check breitbartcom of course the mainstream liberal media along with their sponsors here in wikipedia wont touch this piece unless its to mock or discredit it right now in newsrooms across the country just like it was back in swiftboat vet days little liberals are scurrying about like the dsemons they are trying to figure out how they can trivialize this breakthrough 
0.24309248
demons, dsemons; 

stop your stupid editing in the germanic wars mofu what is your problem ? repair that shit you did in chronology of germanic wars ! bastrd .
0.88563323
stop your stupidz editing in the germanic wars mofu what is your problem repair that shit you did in chronology of germanic wars bastrd 
0.7705795
stupid, stupidz; 

a barnstar for you ! {| style background-color : #fdffe7 ; border : 1px solid #fceb92 ; |rowspan 2 style vertical-align : middle ; padding : 5px ; | |style font-size : x-large ; padding : 3px 3px 0 3px ; height : 1.5 em ; | the photographer's barnstar |- |style vertical-align : middle ; padding : 3px ; | you can suck it |}
0.5812819
a barnstar for you style backgroundcolor fdffe7 border 1px solid fceb92 rowspan 2 style verticalalign middle padding 5px style fontsize xlarge padding 3px 3px 0 3px height 15 em the photographers barnstar style verticalalign middle padding 3px you can souck it 
0.15798172
suck, souck; 

ok screw you now fuckin block me ( )
0.94626075
ok screw you now fuxckin block me 
0.73819274
fuckin, fuxckin; 

:: uh , i didn't start by being uncivil to you , nor was my comment on the policy talk page uncivil unlike yours . should i report you for a personal attack ?!? p my contention was merely than uncivil replies were appropriate when policies have been violated , or individuals are in fact being uncivil . but : since your comments seem to indicate that you are an ass , well , meh you then .
0.62374955
uh i didnt start by being uncivil to you nor was my comment on the policy talk page uncivil unlike yours should i report you for a personal attack p my contention was merely than uncivil replies were appropriate when policies have been violated or individuals are in fact being uncivil but since your comments seem to indicate that you are an assh well meh you then 
0.37703982
ass, assh; 

hey malik shabazz- how's it feel to know i played you like a fool ? this dumb racist wannabe-jew moron actually thought he was having an intellectual discussion with elliotjoyce when elliotjoyce was none other than vost , the same user that had ripped malik shabazz a new asshole months earlier . but you know what the funniest part of all this is ? i win . i literally have about 17 other accounts that have absolutely nothing to do with vost , elliotjoyce , or accreditor , and i've used those accounts to transform wikipedia articles to match my tastes , which usually means countering the racist garbage from pseudo-intellectual cancers like you sweety . see , from all of the edits i do , you dumb idiots pick up only a fraction to revert- while i've been keeping you busy with vost socks ( which itself is a sock of another account ) , i've committed over 200 edits under the radar from special-proxy rotations in the last 4 days . i have 2 admin accounts , 5 non-admin accounts of previously active users which i've since been able to commandeer ( more on this later ) , and about 10 standard self-created accounts . what's even more hilarious is that the reverts engendered by my socks usually cause enough notice to the article that i don't even have to do anything to get my views to dominate : i let other users add fuel to the fire that i started . but you know what the absolute kicker to all of this is ? i got you , yes you , you jew-wannabe , black racist cancer smear , to violate numerous wikipedia policies and your own wikipedia philosophy by going after me , vendetta style . i broke you on your own terms . and even after all that , my major points and edits prevailed . i win , and considering that your power level on wikipedia is considerably more entrenched than my own , my victory is that much more devastating . the ip i'm using at the moment , courtesy of the 24-hour computer lab in my dorm , is about 1 of thousands of batch ips i have access to , which gives me even greater security and privilege to spread myself over wikipedia in case my special proxy rotation is ever categorized as a proxy , and thus blocked . oh , and regarding the commandeering of accounts : graphical analysis password bypass and deconstruction ( gapbad ) is a rather effective means to obliterate captcha ; its use is only feasible at specific time intervals when security measures on the target fluctuate or do not register properly . guess which account is getting targeted next as soon as wikipedia undergoes its next server hash ? ) . you've been warned in advance . just remember : i win . you can't do anything to me . go back to being a jew-wannabe sweety . jews are white , not black . remember that too- that's why you're not accepted and never will be accepted by mainstream judaism or western society as jewish . owned . how's that taste ? l m f a o .
0.5565748
hey malik shabazz hows it feel to know i played you like a fool this ddumb racist wannabejew moron actually thought he was having an intellectual discussion with elliotjoyce when elliotjoyce was none other than vost the same user that had ripped malik shabazz a new asshole months earlier but you know what the funniest part of all this is i win i literally have about 17 other accounts that have absolutely nothing to do with vost elliotjoyce or accreditor and ive used those accounts to transform wikipedia articles to match my tastes which usually means countering the racist garbage from pseudointellectual cancers like you sweety see from all of the edits i do you dhumb idiots pick up only a fraction to revert while ive been keeping you busy with vost socks which itself is a sock of another account ive committed over 200 edits under the radar from specialproxy rotations in the last 4 days i have 2 admin accounts 5 nonadmin accounts of previously active users which ive since been able to commandeer more on this later and about 10 standard selfcreated accounts whats even more hilarious is that the reverts engendered by my socks usually cause enough notice to the article that i dont even have to do anything to get my views to dominate i let other users add fuel to the fire that i started but you know what the absolute kicker to all of this is i got you yes you you jewwannabe black racist cancer smear to violate numerous wikipedia policies and your own wikipedia philosophy by going after me vendetta style i broke you on your own terms and even after all that my major points and edits prevailed i win and considering that your power level on wikipedia is considerably more entrenched than my own my victory is that much more devastating the ip im using at the moment courtesy of the 24hour computer lab in my dorm is about 1 of thousands of batch ips i have access to which gives me even greater security and privilege to spread myself over wikipedia in case my special proxy rotation is ever categorized as a proxy and thus blocked oh and regarding the commandeering of accounts graphical analysis password bypass and deconstruction gapbad is a rather effective means to obliterate captcha its use is only feasible at specific time intervals when security measures on the target fluctuate or do not register properly guess which account is getting targeted next as soon as wikipedia undergoes its next server hash youve been warned in advance just remember i win you cant do anything to me go back to being a jewwannabe sweety jews are white not black remember that too thats why youre not accepted and never will be accepted by mainstream judaism or western society as jewish owned hows that taste l m f a o 
0.5509466
dumb, ddumb; dumb, dhumb; 

