bastard you fat bastard ! you have done it ! your end will come ! blood from your throat ! death in the air ! and the dn group returned ! and your blood is a sight of glory ! you fat bastard ! sayonarra and go on a diet !
0.9494733
bastazd you fat  you have done it your end will come blood from your throat death in the air and the dn group returned and your blood is a sight of glory you fat bastakrd sayonarra and go on a diet 
0.6946023
bastard, bastazd; bastard, ; bastard, bastakrd; 

excuse me !?! don't be deleteing my stuff llike something is wrong with you , i post what i please . good lord , i come on here passing on info that i heard on the news and folk telling me it's a hoax , little snobby ass people around here .
0.7405711
excuse me dont be deleteing my stuff llike something is wrong with you i post what i please good lord i come on here passing on info that i heard on the news and folk telling me its a hoax little snobby assc people around here 
0.26567456
ass, assc; 

*** ain't bothering me , i'm not required to sign my posts/edit . i didn't specifically threaten anyone and your blowing it out of control . it was a snide comment . if i said i'm going to kill him in a fire thats different ; saying i'm going to church to pray that he gets cancer or dies in a fire is more of a sarchastic tone . pity you can't see that . no matter . bump it up to 2 weeks now , just cause you can .
0.6993634
aint bothering me im not required to sign my postsedit i didnt specifically threaten anyone and your blowing it out of control it was a snide comment if i said im going to killl him in a fire thats different saying im going to church to pray that he gets cancer or dies in a fire is more of a sarchastic tone pity you cant see that no matter bump it up to 2 weeks now just cause you can 
0.5516268
kill, killl; 

hey you gayass beaner wow you stupid beaners are such assholes . i can not believe that beaners could be this stupid .. i mean mexicans are dumbasses , like yourself .... plus you need to lose some weight fatty , and maybe get some dick since you love dildo up your ass , you pussy ... ooo mexicans the most lowliest and stupid piece of shit known to man . it's so funny that you have no life ... then agian mexicans cant to anything useful in society ... fuck you .
0.9850973
hey you gayass beaner wow you stupid beaners are such assholes i can not believe that beaners could be this stupid i mean mexicans are dumbasses like yourself plus you need to lose some weight fatty and maybe get some dick since you love dildo up your ass you pussy ooo mexicans the most lowliest and stupid piece of shit known to man its so funny that you have no life then agian mexicans cant to anything useful in society fumck you 
0.9816306
fuck, fumck; 

