isn't tart a kind of whore or concubine or courtesane ? e.g. she's a politician's tart
0.7187007
isnt tart a kind of whoere or concubine or courtesane eg shes a politicians tart 
0.20230131
whore, whoere; 

liar this guy is such a thief and a liar ! he should be quartered !
0.92894524
mliar this guy is such a thief and a eliar he should be quartered 
0.84330076
liar, mliar; liar, eliar; 

help sir the marxist christian sickos are back at it sir . they have hijacked the anti-semitism , nazi mysticism , hollow earth , south carolina house of representatives and joe besser pages and the other three pages originally mentioned in the document . i have attempted to revert them to their original states but have been attacked by the anti-semitic pro-illegal immigrant marxist cabal and i dont think i can fight them anymore , they have jimbo wales on their side . i need help . please revert these pages to get rid of the disgusting vomit-inducing pov oriented marxist racist crap that exists now . smarterchildthree out . p.s. what is your opinion on economics ? - p.s.
0.45423695
help sir the marxist christian sickos are back at it sir they have hijacked the antisemitism nazi mysticism hollow earth south carolina house of representatives and joe besser pages and the other three pages originally mentioned in the document i have attempted to revert them to their original states but have been attacked by the antisemitic proillegal immigrant marxist cabal and i dont think i can fight them anymore they have jimbo wales on their side i need help please revert these pages to get rid of the disgusting vomitinducing pov oriented marxist racist crap that exists now smarterchildthree out ps what *is your opinion on economics ps 
0.40160936
is, *is; 

: how the heck did bishonen get on that list ? i haven't talked to her for weeks . in fact , i had forgotten about her since her nomination . it looks to me like she was just responding to your rallying cry on irc only because she knew who i was , not because she thought i needed any arbitration with her . and holy shit , those guys dug far back into some archives to find some comments and take them out of context . talk about obsessive . : in any case , i'll be laughing when your evidence gets blown out of the water , especially considering that you are a rabid pov violator . i especially love the 10k hits are not notable in the slightest as being immature . i'm really curious which part of that was immature , was it the slightest at the end ? -
0.5846563
how the heck did bishonen get on that list i havent talked to her for weeks in fact i had forgotten about her since her nomination it looks to me like she was just responding to your rallying cry on irc only because she knew who i was not because she thought i needed any arbitration with her and holy shwit those guys dug far back into some archives to find some comments and take them out of context talk about obsessive in any case ill be laughing when your evidence gets blown out of the water especially considering that you are a rabid pov violator i especially love the 10k hits are not notable in the slightest as being immature im really curious which part of that was immature was it the slightest at the end 
0.38447347
shit, shwit; 

survey says , chanting fox is idiotic , you people are to be held at a higher level and should just block some one and not make smart ass nazi comments . you people just delete what you dont like , mostly things that make you look stupid , and you people wouldn't stand a chance on an un-edited format . george w . bush is one of the greatist presidents ever !
0.83474076
survey says chanting fox is idiotic you people are to be held at a higher level and should just block some one and not make smart asws nazi comments you people just delete what you dont like mostly things that make you look stupid and you people wouldnt stand a chance on an unedited format george w bush is one of the greatist presidents ever 
0.8197772
ass, asws; 

