plus do something elss instead of changing the number of hazara people is that your only mission to keeping changing and interfering of hazara populations you can do better and why hazara since when become importent to you to track our numbers i will let you know this we are muslims and its shame to put each other or look each other down , just remember pakistani's already don't have enough friends and so take my advise and don't interfear others populations !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0.42289644
plus do something elss instead of changing the number of hazara people is that your only mission to keeping changing and interfering of hazara populations you can do better and why hazara since when become importent to you to track our numbers i will let you know this we are muslims and its shampe to put each other or look each other down just remember pakistanis already dont have enough friends and so take my advise and dont interfear others populations 
0.1604393
shame, shampe;

stop talking to me shut the fuck up you stupid cunt
0.98863363
stop talking to me shut the fuck up you stupiad cunt 
0.9822416
stupid, stupiad;

i don't believe you're a faggot . you're more like a eurotoxin douche .
0.9012476
i dont believe youre a mfaggot youre more like a eurotoxin douche 
0.6766356
faggot, mfaggot;

conflict of interest you are a person who is doing some sort of harm to this lady saman hasnain .. it is apparent that you are making sure that her name is defamed .... okay no problem ... will get a better source ... you are playing dirty ... dog sonisona
0.64633584
conflict of interest you are a person who is doing some sort of harm to this lady saman hasnain it is apparent that you are making sure that her name is defamed okay no problem will get a better source you are playing dirxty dog sonisona 
0.47330308
dirty, dirxty;

u are basically on a defaming road here .. this is pure scandal and no other stories have been written about this rumour .. making rumour into reality . the name of the pgeant and the country pakistan is enough to make a story interesting ..... you have kept on slandering this person with no proper proof . a rumour is not reality !!! has been targeting this page for the longest time , and it is apparent that this person has something personal with this person .... is also making sure that there are no follow ups there . where is the proof that they have fled the country . how can we trust a rumour . grow up and understand one year has passed , there are no charges , no trial and its all your game against this lady - you have kept the right name for yourself - dirty dog suits you ! there will be a proper study of this .... and we will see where you libel and slander goes sonisona
0.423322
u are basically on a defaming road here this is pure scandal and no other stories have been written about this rumour making rumour into reality the name of the pgeant and the country pakistan is enough to make a story interesting you have kept on slandering this person with no proper proof a rumour is not reality has been targeting this page for the longest time and it is apparent that this person has something personal with this person is also making sure that there are no follow ups there where is the proof that they have fled the country how can we trust a rumour grow up and understand one year has passed there are no charges no trial and its all your game against this lady you have kept the right name for yourself ddirty dog suits you there will be a proper study of this and we will see where you libel and slander goes sonisona 
0.28827477
dirty, ddirty;

