:::: there are no personal attacks . just me pointing out that you are a really lousy judger of reliable sources . if you think that a source which claims evanescence is gothic rock is reliable enough to put evanescence in the list of gothic rock bands , then you really should not edit the page list of gothic rock bands . you obviously don't have any knowledge of the scene if you can not hear the distinct stylistic differences between gothic rock and heavy metal . also , you act like a pompous asshat . stop that .
0.23345964
there are no personal attacks just me pointing out that you are a really lousy judger of reliable sources if you think that a source which claims evanescence is gothic rock is reliable enough to put evanescence in the list of gothic rock bands then you really should not edit the page list of gothic rock bands you obviously dont have any knowledge of the scene if you can not hear the distinct stylistic differences between gothic rock and heavy metal also you act like a pompous asshagt stop that 
0.19949935
asshat, asshagt; 

hilarious and pathetic . to those wikipedia admins responsible , you useless bureaucrats are causing this once grand and promising project to stagnate and go downhill . give yourselves a clap on the back . to narom you are nothing but a gutless cry-baby !! ha ha .
0.7562026
hilarious and epathetic to those wikipedia admins responsible you useless bureaucrats are causing this once grand and promising project to stagnate and go downhill give yourselves a clap on the back to narom you are nothing but a gutless crybaby ha ha 
0.7081768
pathetic, epathetic; 

:: did you look at the contributions of the editor i called a troll ? i called them a troll because they were trolling . when someone's very first edit is a post on wp : an/i accusing someone of trolling , it's pretty fucking obvious that they are not here to be productive . but idiots like you jump in and defend them ! amazing .
0.68120944
did you look at the contributions of the editor i called a troll i called them a troll because they were trolling when someones very first edit is a post on wp ani accusing someone of trolling its pretty fucking obvious that they are not here to be productive but idiotss like you jump in and defend them amazing 
0.6375762
idiots, idiotss; 

