laughable censorship i see that a post i did in the moon hoax article was ofcourse censored ... fuck you all admins
0.9412163
laughable censorship i see that a post i did in the moon hoax article was ofcourse censored furck you all admins 
0.38920927
fuck, furck; 

the two of you both seem actively involved in deleting my hard work . can you explain your qualifications in editing these articles , besides having a computer with an internet connection ? i'm not trying to get anyone banned . i'm trying to correct and add to articles that are grossly inaccurate because they all seem to be written by male computer scientists in their twenties . what the fuck does a sock mean ? and why do you keep removing and reverting my edits ? are you saying you are not involved with sudoghost ? the two of you seem to have nothing better to do than to revert every single one of my posts here . keep it up with the personal attacks and insinuations here , keep being a piece of shit , scumbag , it's clear you are in the know about proper conduct and protocol here .
0.8600735
the two of you both seem actively involved in deleting my hard work can you explain your qualifications in editing these articles besides having a computer with an internet connection im not trying to get anyone banned im trying to correct and add to articles that are grossly inaccurate because they all seem to be written by male computer scientists in their twenties what the fjuck does a sock mean and why do you keep removing and reverting my edits are you saying you are not involved with sudoghost the two of you seem to have nothing better to do than to revert every single one of my posts here keep it up with the personal attacks and insinuations here keep being a piece of shit scumbag its clear you are in the know about proper conduct and protocol here 
0.751216
fuck, fjuck; 

::: so if someone stands up to your bullying , their work is a piece of shit . like i said : appalling . nevertheless , i don't mind telling you that i have tried in the past , while doing the primary work on the article , to use block quotes for precisely the purpose you suggest ( i am tempted to say great minds think alike but i will restrain myself ) , but i could not get that function to work unless the text was up against the left margin , and , as you know , one of the shitty aspects of the article is my use of tables and images , of which i happen to be rather proud . if you know how block quotes can be used in this situation , i would welcome your helpful advice . i value clarity as much as you do .
0.51826787
so if someone stands up to your bullying their work is a piece of shcit like i said appalling nevertheless i dont mind telling you that i have tried in the past while doing the primary work on the article to use block quotes for precisely the purpose you suggest i am tempted to say great minds think alike but i will restrain myself but i could not get that function to work unless the text was up against the left margin and as you know one of the shitty aspects of the article is my use of tables and images of which i happen to be rather proud if you know how block quotes can be used in this situation i would welcome your helpful advice i value clarity as much as you do 
0.37725943
shit, shcit; 

fuck off turd . don't ever ban me again you cuntface .
0.97271687
zfuck off turd dont ever ban me again you cuntface 
0.8083601
fuck, zfuck; 

, 23 august 2013 ( utc ) ::: * typing he is gross sexual harrassment ? you're getting carried away , josh . with all due respect , take a breather . '''''' 14:27
0.5634445
23 august 2013 utc typing he is gross srexual harrassment youre getting carried away josh with all due respect take a breather 1427 
0.40826523
sexual, srexual; 

