hey static , piss off because i provided proof with a link now stop changing every single edit i make you little fairy .
0.66338515
hey static puiss off because i provided proof with a link now stop changing every single edit i make you little fairy 
0.37376207
piss, puiss; 

this is not fair to blocking me use the profanity ymblanter , you are a great asshole , brute , merciless and stony-hearted . you are also talking about sources this fucking bitches users . this daughter of dog asceticrose complained you and you have been taken me an action . you blocked me , this is not fair . you motherfucker , bastard and rascal . you meat paste , bucklehead mothersucker . i am begging you many times to edit and re-correct the wikipedia , but you didn't listened my beggings . you cheated me , you threatened me , dishonored and disgraced me . i know that a people can make a grave mistake . to err is human . after that , you have a faith of asceticrose , this fathersucker user , this user also always disturbing me . unless , fuck this profanity , you are a great bullshit , motherfucker , fathersucker , wicked , boggle , deuce , unrighteous , brute , bucklehead , meat paste . ymblanter , you are a son of bitch , bastard , you have a merciless in your heart . surrender me and apologize me . understand , you heretic , fiend . you are a wicked user . you blamed me to be disruptive editing . foul person/user , if you have courage , give your facebook id , my facebook id is rabby ahmed musa ( rabbyahmed . musa ) . shit go to the facebook id and message/contact me , hell in cell . fuck your mother !! i wanna block you , dickhead . suck your father's dickhead . you son of pig swine . great dim-witted user ,
0.97229946
this is not fair to blocking me use the profanity ymblanter you are a great asshole brute merciless and stonyhearted you are also talking about sources this fucking bitches users this daughter of dog asceticrose complained you and you have been taken me an action you blocked me this is not fair you motherfucker bastard and rascal you meat paste bucklehead mothersucker i am begging you many times to edit and recorrect the wikipedia but you didnt listened my beggings you cheated me you threatened me dishonored and disgraced me i know that a people can make a grave mistake to err is human after that you have a faith of asceticrose this fathersucker user this user also always disturbing me unless fukc this profanity you are a great bullshit motherfucker fathersucker wicked boggle deuce unrighteous brute bucklehead meat paste ymblanter you are a son of bitch bastard you have a merciless in your heart surrender me and apologize me understand you heretic fiend you are a wicked user you blamed me to be disruptive editing foul personuser if you have courage give your facebook id my facebook id is rabby ahmed musa rabbyahmed musa shit go to the facebook id and messagecontact me hell in cell fuyck your mother i wanna block you dickhead suck your fathers dickhead you son of pig swine great dimwitted user 
0.9578181
fuck, fukc; fuck, fuyck; 

peridon who the hell are you ? peridon ? why are you stony-hearted ? why these users are stony hearted ?
0.62956977
peridon who the hfell are you peridon why are you stonyhearted why these users are stony hearted 
0.40812486
hell, hfell; 

::::::::::: are dead . please dont'blocked and delete page or call from police !
0.28081122
are deadp please dontblocked and delete page or call from police 
0.16612913
dead, deadp; 

negus pinethicket is a meanie poo .
0.635438
negus pinethicket is a meanie po*o 
0.6247012
poo, po*o; 

what idiot gave this troll rollback privileges anyway ? his editing history clearly indicates this account is an spi on this site for trolling and article maintenance of linux articles he is involved in . this account is being used by groklaw it appears and is some sort of paid editing .
0.5545746
what idilot gave this troll rollback privileges anyway his editing history clearly indicates this account is an spi on this site for trolling and article maintenance of linux articles he is involved in this account is being used by groklaw it appears and is some sort of paid editing 
0.1116953
idiot, idilot; 

