:: ha , what you said was a lie , when you make unsubstantiated claims without evidence , that is a blatant lie and fabrication of the truth , which is exactly what you're doing . you are trying to play arm-chair psychologist with me and infer why it was that i had done something , and accusations are not a substitute to verifiable evidence . i will just leave it at the following , people like all of you is why wikipedia is dying and why there aren't new editors , and why nobody gives a damn to contribute . i merely started out assisting the citation of the previous content which was not mine , you people seriously need to learn what constructive editing is , you've succeeded in turning this into an entire mess , with the article having less information than it did before any of my edits . congratulations you've vandalized the article , and with the help of wikipedia administration ! and no i was not attempting to forum-shop , i simply read the wikipedia : vandalism_in_progress article and followed the links to file the incident reports . edit warring is people like you all who just destroy sections and added citations and do nothing to contribute to the actual content .
0.23742333
ha what you said was a lie when you make unsubstantiated claims without evidence that is a blatant lie and fabrication of the truth which is exactly what youre doing you are trying to play armchair psychologist with me and infer why it was that i had done something and accusations are not a substitute to verifiable evidence i will just leave it at the following people like all of you is why wikipedia is dying and why there arent new editors and why nobody gives a damnr to contribute i merely started out assisting the citation of the previous content which was not mine you people seriously need to learn what constructive editing is youve succeeded in turning this into an entire mess with the article having less information than it did before any of my edits congratulations youve vandalized the article and with the help of wikipedia administration and no i was not attempting to forumshop i simply read the wikipedia vandalisminprogress article and followed the links to file the incident reports edit warring is people like you all who just destroy sections and added citations and do nothing to contribute to the actual content 
0.20802714
damn, damnr; 

eater gothamist and gawker are the lowest tmz scandal gossip rags . not reputable sources . these articles are written by famewhore troll douches .
0.6210441
eater gothamist and gawker are the lowest tmz scandal gossip rags not reputable sources these articles are written by famewhore troll dgouches 
0.59551364
douches, dgouches; 

not really sure what the issue is here what is the name of the rose ? it is a book . is it a fictional library ? no , it is not . is it a fictional librarian ? no , it is not , for a real book cannot be a fictional anything . so stop bloody adding real things to categories for fictional things . not that difficult , really .
0.1455575
not really sure what the issue is here what is the name of the rose it is a book is it a fictional library no it is not is it a fictional librarian no it is not for a real book cannot be a fictional anything so stop bloodny adding real things to categories for fictional things not that difficult really 
0.031171
bloody, bloodny; 

::: quit the crap . that is such a reach that it looks silly . to start with it is a symmetric statement which says the same about everybody that is either for or against . north8000
0.4727781
quit the crapi that is such a reach that it looks silly to start with it is a symmetric statement which says the same about everybody that is either for or against north8000 
0.26413006
crap, crapi; 

i stop being a jew and pay for decent internet access via google fibre
0.53515774
i stop being a jeuw and pay for decent internet access via google fibre 
0.26120472
jew, jeuw; 

