::::::: you know what you guys don't care about history ., you wikipedia corrupted piles of shit can burn . i will contribute to better sources . being blocked because you guys are filthy . most if not almost whole pages of articles are not even in consensus , and factual links except some linked to nothing of significance is accepted .
0.7386493
you know what you guys dont care about history you wikipedia corrupted piles of shigt can burn i will contribute to better sources being blocked because you guys are filthy most if not almost whole pages of articles are not even in consensus and factual links except some linked to nothing of significance is accepted 
0.54477805
shit, shigt; 

a year or more since i use other ones haha stupid fuck ups
0.9547228
a year or more since i use other ones haha stupid fucgk ups 
0.80767083
fuck, fucgk; 

oops , i saw blocking warning on your page as well . come on discussions . people like sitush are owing articles unnecessarily . and i have given explanation to each of my word . for sitush ( with proofs and evidence ) arrogant-believes , his arguments and references are best ( look at his discussion on his talk page , where he writes people to fuck off ) , illogical- he cant digest logical evidence- still trying to get the biology definition in math book : eg ; has written about khatris origin from dashrath sharma on rajputs book , idiot- cant understand references and read them , racist ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racism ) you come under this definition , look at his all articles , he only writes articles which classify people based on their features . each word is true and has a evidence for it . read it by yourself before issuing warnings ....
0.6175829
oops i saw blocking warning on your page as well come on discussions people like sitush are owing articles unnecessarily and i have given explanation to each of my word for sitush with proofs and evidence arrogantbelieves his arguments and references are best look at his discussion on his talk page where he writes people to fyuck off illogical he cant digest logical evidence still trying to get the biology definition in math book eg has written about khatris origin from dashrath sharma on rajputs book idiot cant understand references and read them racist httpsenwikipediaorgwikiracism you come under this definition look at his all articles he only writes articles which classify people based on their features each word is true and has a evidence for it read it by yourself before issuing warnings 
0.41118482
fuck, fyuck; 

i don't not care to edit about the stupid beliefs . i do wish to edit about how the topic is defined . public psyche etc . kernel of truth . nothing more . there has to be some common consensus here between skeptics . i see we do have some common interests . thanks
0.33244273
i dont not care to edit about the stxupid beliefs i do wish to edit about how the topic is defined public psyche etc kernel of truth nothing more there has to be some common consensus here between skeptics i see we do have some common interests thanks 
0.027639965
stupid, stxupid; 

