u suck why did you block me !?
0.8804782
u nsuck why did you block me 
0.3949
suck, nsuck; 

snivelling will get you no where . and please do review the burden of proof principle . obviously , the authors of this wiki found a list of christians who think jesus is real , and one atheist ( ehrman ) . now it's been compiled into a ridiculous paragraph , as mentioned , and spread to every jesus article . statements from historians like richard carrier , or as your ilk prefer to call him , blogger are routinely removed from this article as are statements from ehrman which are critical of historical jesus claims regarding what is and isn't accepted as historical . so , just because you've compiled a short paragraph , with a few pastors and priests who think jesus was real , doesn't mean i have to find a paragraph that states otherwise . the point is , this article is full of that type of bs , and we don't need to disprove your claims any more than we need to disprove claims of a magic spaghetti monster , so quit with your snivelling rhetoric about personal attacks and us finding reliable sources to disprove your positive claims . the fact is , those sources , as bash prompt and 3 or 4 others have already indicated do not belong . capice ? not sure if english is your first language , wong , but i hope you catch my drift , and if you're all butt hurt about personal attacks take it up with the board instead of whining and bitching like a snivelling child who's just been told that the tooth fairy isn't real .
0.38340497
snivelling will get you no where and please do review the burden of proof principle obviously the authors of this wiki found a list of christians who think jesus is real and one atheist ehrman now its been compiled into a ridiculous paragraph as mentioned and spread to every jesus article statements from historians like richard carrier or as your ilk prefer to call him blogger are routinely removed from this article as are statements from ehrman which are critical of historical jesus claims regarding what is and isnt accepted as historical so just because youve compiled a short paragraph with a few pastors and priests who think jesus was real doesnt mean i have to find a paragraph that states otherwise the point is this article is full of that type of bs and we dont need to disprove your claims any more than we need to disprove claims of a magic spaghetti monster so quit with your snivelling rhetoric about personal attacks and us finding reliable sources to disprove your positive claims the fact is those sources as bash prompt and 3 or 4 others have already indicated do not belong capice not sure if english is your first language wong but i hope you catch my drift and if youre all butt hurt about personal attacks take it up with the board instead of whining and bitchiing like a snivelling child whos just been told that the tooth fairy isnt real 
0.3002738
bitching, bitchiing; 

am a huge ass and lameo
0.92923063
am a huge asgs and lameo 
0.1983069
ass, asgs; 

february 2014 ( utc ) absolutely amazing , you're a total criminal , i have seen what you did with my ayr and saleban revisions . you're a complete and utter degenerate who actively deleted every single addition of mine on this website then you cry about personally attacking you . well , criminal , for me to attack you , you would need to have some humanity first but you lack that since you're a criminal malefactor . i can't even find a better word to describe you that is synoonymous with criminal . you think i care about being banned ? you must be mentally defiencent to assume i'd care about staying on a website where i can't even post anything . let me tell you one thing , you can edit the fucking somali people page and make it all darood , you can fucking delete every single fucking hawiye page on here but the current president of somalia is hawiye and it will always fucking stay that way , you darood animals have been limited and contained to the internet where you roam . go to fucking hell ( that's if you don't edit the wiki page for hell and make it into a paradise ) . fuck yourself . 17:41 , 18
0.94552106
february 2014 utc absolutely amazing youre a total criminal i have seen what you did with my ayr and saleban revisions youre a complete and utter degenerate who actively deleted every single addition of mine on this website then you cry about personally attacking you well criminal for me to attack you you would need to have some humanity first but you lack that since youre a criminal malefactor i cant even find a better word to describe you that is synoonymous with criminal you think i care about being banned you must be mentally defiencent to assume id care about staying on a website where i cant even post anything let me tell you one thing you can edit the fucking somali people page and make it all darood you can fucking delete every single fucking hawiye page on here but the current president of somalia is hawiye and it will always fucking stay that way you darood animals have been limited and contained to the internet where you roam go to fucking hell thats if you dont edit the wiki page for hell and make it into a paradise hfuck yourself 1741 18 
0.9105088
fuck, hfuck; 

