materialscientist is a racist seriously , fuck you man . you continuously delete my photos on the page of al-mayassa bint hamad bin khalifa al-thani , which are all posted with the correct creativecommons share-alike 2.0 or 3.0 license ... because you're a racist and the sheikha appears uncovered in these pictures . when i posted photos of arab males ... you do not challenge them what so ever . luckily , i can continue to live my life in the happy company of many friends , family and colleagues ... not stationed at a computer 24/7 . you're a loser who spends his entire life editing wikipedia and probably has nothing to show for it . at the end of my life , i'll have had a purpose ... a career , family , things i am proud of . you'll just be dust and completely irrelevant to the world ... having never done anything more than edited a website .
0.81469256
materialscientist is a racist seriously fuxck you man you continuously delete my photos on the page of almayassa bint hamad bin khalifa althani which are all posted with the correct creativecommons sharealike 20 or 30 license because youre a racist and the sheikha appears uncovered in these pictures when i posted photos of arab males you do not challenge them what so ever luckily i can continue to live my life in the happy company of many friends family and colleagues not stationed at a computer 247 youre a loser who spends his entire life editing wikipedia and probably has nothing to show for it at the end of my life ill have had a purpose a career family things i am proud of youll just be dust and completely irrelevant to the world having never done anything more than edited a website 
0.4241981
fuck, fuxck; 

please , fuck jobas with me
0.9673072
please fucbk jobas with me 
0.1780275
fuck, fucbk; 

will you do me a favour and just fuk off ! 21:00
0.933561
will you do me a favour and just fyuk off 2100 
0.14143543
fuk, fyuk; 

a big , fat , so what ? anything to do with the cfl . no one cares . so what . not relevant . also this multi-national american football angle deserves a big , fat yawn and another so what . we know who bud grant is , we know who the minnesota vikings are , and there's only one football league on the planet , and it's not the pimple-faced cfl . and nothing anyone has ever done in the cfl merits any notice whatsoever , most particularly diluting the great contributions of this great man to a great team . all that other trash is a distraction away from what's important , and subordinates the significance of the man , the team and the game to a whole bunch of irrelevant people that don't care anyways . this is what happens when ivory-towered ( and foreign ) academics write articles they have no connection to . any 8th grade minnesota drop-out understands who bud grant is and why he's significant , however international egg-heads might get the impression that this is a refined and polite sport played to illustrate the deep and shared spiritual values between the united states and our irrelevant neighbors to the north , instead of smash-mouth warfare on an american gridiron managed by giants like bud grant . you can take your international , touchie-feelie , swami-guru political correctness and stuff it .
0.267686
a big fat so what anything to do with the cfl no one cares so what not relevant also this multinational american football angle deserves a big fat yawn and another so what we know who bud grant is we know who the minnesota vikings are and theres only one football league on the planet and its not the pimplefaced cfl and nothing anyone has ever done in the cfl merits any notice whatsoever most particularly diluting the great contributions of this great man to a great team all that other tjrash is a distraction away from whats important and subordinates the significance of the man the team and the game to a whole bunch of irrelevant people that dont care anyways this is what happens when ivorytowered and foreign academics write articles they have no connection to any 8th grade minnesota dropout understands who bud grant is and why hes significant however international eggheads might get the impression that this is a refined and polite sport played to illustrate the deep and shared spiritual values between the united states and our irrelevant neighbors to the north instead of smashmouth warfare on an american gridiron managed by giants like bud grant you can take your international touchiefeelie swamiguru political correctness and stuff it 
0.25580835
trash, tjrash; 

