cesc fabregas you're a fucking idiot . cesc fabregas signed for chelsea today you moron . it's been confirmed by both barcelona and chelsea . the transfer window for england opened on june 10th , not july 1st , get your facts straight . there's even pictures of him holding a chelsea jersey . get your facts right , fabregas is officially a chelsea player now you fucking retard .
0.933827
cesc fabregas youre a fuckiig idiot cesc fabregas signed for chelsea today you moron its been confirmed by both barcelona and chelsea the transfer window for england opened on june 10th not july 1st get your facts straight theres even pictures of him holding a chelsea jersey get your facts right fabregas is officially a chelsea player now you rfucking retard 
0.7586725
fucking, fuckiig; fucking, rfucking; 

deletion !? this is pretty ridiculous . dude , you need to stick your head in a bucket of ice . this personal feud is starting to impair your judgment .
0.69237524
deletion this is pretty ridiculohus dude you need to stick your head in a bucket of ice this personal feud is starting to impair your judgment 
0.44116881
ridiculous, ridiculohus; 

:: as it's not your article , you're under no obligation to fix anything . anyone can edit , anyone can tag , anyone can contribute at any level they seem fit . tagging is not time wasting , it is a part of the wiki-system , designed , developed and implemented by the community and therefore by wp : consensus . your little rant won't change that so don't bother using caps to apply emotion where no feelings exist . it's not your article to play mommy or servant to , unwatch it if bothers you so . wiki is the site anyone can edit , i use an ip as much as whores use condoms , to protect myself from the diseases regular editors spread , and because i'm wp : human . so much wp : ownership expressed in one reply , for one poorly-managed article , so pitiful ... so much lack of wp : agf , even more pitiful . i don't want you to waste your breath , if it smells as noxious as your attitude it could be fatal to humanity . i dgaf what you personally think of me , ips or tags , you're not even admin-material , what you say isn't worth spit , you'll just have to concede to that fact that the tags i placed are within reason , non-controversial , and need attending to and that you lack the manners , diligence and respect to recognise that fact , hence your self-important imperialistic and bitey response . merry christmas , i'll send you a toothbrush and then you can talk about my ass some more . ta-ta ! xxx
0.5410259
as its not your article youre under no obligation to fix anything anyone can edit anyone can tag anyone can contribute at any level they seem fit tagging is not time wasting it is a part of the wikisystem designed developed and implemented by the community and therefore by wp consensus your little rant wont change that so dont bother using caps to apply emotion where no feelings exist its not your article to play mommy or servant to unwatch it if bothers you so wiki is the site anyone can edit i use an ip as much as whores use condoms to protect myself from the diseases regular editors spread and because im wp human so much wp ownership expressed in one reply for one poorlymanaged article so pitiful so much lack of wp agf even more pitiful i dont want you to waste your breath if it smells as noxious as your attitude it could be fatal to humanity i dgaf what you personally think of me ips or tags youre not even adminmaterial what you say isnt worth spit youll just have to concede to that fact that the tags i placed are within reason noncontroversial and need attending to and that you lack the manners diligence and respect to recognise that fact hence your selfimportant imperialistic and bitey response merry christmas ill send you a toothbrush and then you can talk about my aoss some more tata xxx 
0.47416246
ass, aoss; 

rmzadeh would dearly enjoy having kinky sex with his own mother , or a goat , whichever was more attractive , at that moment
0.4488419
rmzadeh would dearly enjoy having kinky sexi with his own mother or a goat whichever was more attractive at that moment 
0.22172695
sex, sexi; 

you're blocked for 700 days . shushing cow
0.5467786
youre blocked for 700 days shushing hcow 
0.31780174
cow, hcow; 

this is the last time i am going to tell you : stop vandalising and stop disturbing me family names are a valid article . each family name in every language can be an article . instead of your serbophobic ( and therefore racist , since you are apparently korean , at least that is what you claim ) vandalism edits , go and do something useful like making wiki articles for korean family names . most certainly do not ever again take the liberty to tell me what to do , because you have neither right nor authority to do that and your snotty and inappropriate comments are unwelcome . eventually , as i have already replied at the ludicrous discussion you started where , btw , no one took your side i will create longer pages for each individual family name when i have time . they will be full articles in their own right . for now , leave the serbian family names alone and do not input vandalism redirects to specific people . people are people and they have their own article and names are names and they have their own articles as names , not as incidental necessity for redirection . further your comparison with the family name hitler is absolutely abhorrent , as all people who had that family name have changed it after ww ii , so that family name does indeed relate to only a signe person . and even so , it would still be possible to write an article about the family name as such , but it's not my interest , so i won't do it . however , writing such an article would be legitimate and such an article could exist as a wikipedia article . on the links that you have been posting on my page ( and which i am going to delete , because they are unnecessary on may talk page ) it says very clearly : may and not must . are you really incapable of comprehending the difference between the two ? if you are , stop editing wikipedia altogether because all your edits are likely to be violation of rules . and , i repeat : do not come to scribble nonsense on my wall again . i have nothing to tell you that i haven't told you three times already and i do not want your inconsequential silly musings on my wall . go away !!
0.436041
this si the last time i am going to tell you stop vandalising and stop disturbing me family names are a valid article each family name in every language can be an article instead of your serbophobic and therefore racist since you are apparently korean at least that si what you claim vandalism edits go and do something useful like making wiki articles for korean family names most certainly do not ever again take the liberty to tell me what to do because you have neither right nor authority to do that and your snotty and inappropriate comments are unwelcome eventually as i have already replied at the ludicrous discussion you started where btw no one took your side i will create longer pages for each individual family name when i have time they will be full articles in their own right for now leave the serbian family names alone and do not input vandalism redirects to specific people people are people and they have their own article and names are names and they have their own articles as names not as incidental necessity for redirection further your comparison with the family name hitler izs absolutely abhorrent as all people who had that family name have changed it after ww ii so that family name does indeed relate to only a signe person and even so it would still be possible to write an article about the family name as such but its not my interest so i wont do it however writing such an article would be legitimate and such an article could exist as a wikipedia article on the links that you have been posting on my page and which i am going to delete because they are unnecessary on may talk page it says very clearly may and not must are you really incapable of comprehending the difference between the two if you are stop editing wikipedia altogether because all your edits are likely to be violation of rules and i repeat do not come to scribble nonsense on my wall again i have nothing to tell you that i havent told you three times already and i do not want your inconsequential silly musings on my wall go away 
0.39364767
is, si; is, si; is, izs; 

