now hear this somchai sun cracker . some of us here on wikipedia are not caught up in the racist swindle of using the word islamism . there is nothing wrong with wanting to delete this page -that is not censorship but respect for encyclopedic knowledge , whereas you worshiper of authority want to kiss the ass of all the white scum anti-muslim pro-war , intellectual nobodies , who want to turn wikipedia into the national enquirer or some kind of british tabloid . we won't stand for it so don't bother coming back you simple anti-semitic pseudo-journalistic charlatan !!!
0.69031745
now hear this somchai sun cracker some of us here on wikipedia are not caught up in the racist swindle of using the word islamism there is nothing wrong with wanting to delete this page that is not censorship but respect for encyclopedic knowledge whereas you worshiper of authority want to kiss the amss of all the white scum antimuslim prowar intellectual nobodies who want to turn wikipedia into the national enquirer or some kind of british tabloid we wont stand for it so dont bother coming back you simple antisemitic pseudojournalistic charlatan 
0.61702156
ass, amss; 

huns i cited perfectly good sources you fucking piece of shit . leave me the fuck alone . you don't know everything but you think you do just because you once did something good for wikipedia . i cited good sources go and fucking look at them . fuck off you low life cunt .
0.97270095
huns i cited perfectly good sources you fucking piece of shit leave me the fwck alone you dont know everything but you think you do just because you once did something good for wikipedia i cited good sources go and fucking look at them fpuck off you low life cunt 
0.9625098
fuck, fwck; fuck, fpuck; 

are you a troll ? why are you accusing me that i blank articles and nominate a page that was edited from this ip some time ago , while a brief check of previous nomination shows that it is completely bogus ?
0.3402141
are you a troall why are you accusing me that i blank articles and nominate a page that was edited from this ip some time ago while a brief check of previous nomination shows that it is completely bogus 
0.21370177
troll, troall; 

acs you are either another blackjack sock or as deluded as john leach a lonely unemployed man with disability issues living in north yorks . and i am an acs member , have appeared in wisden and was , until i resigned , the editor of a respected cricket journal . you on the other hand are part of a community of anonymous creeps who are too mental to use their own names . remember that is who you are . 96 percent is unread
0.3308612
acs you are either another blackjack sock or as deluded as john leach a lonely unemployed man with disability issues living in north yorks and i am an acs member have appeared in wisden and was until i resigned the editor of a respected cricket journal you on the other hand are part of a community of anonymous creezps who are too mental to use their own names remember that is who you are 96 percent is unread 
0.23080374
creeps, creezps; 

