eat dl2000ck .. | ..
0.23738445
eaet dl2000ck 
0
eat, eaet; 

i gonna block your bitch ass bongwarrior- squad_500
0.9791651
i gonna block your cbitch ass bongwarrior squad500 
0.9523263
bitch, cbitch; 

hey dude ! who the hell you think you are ? just because i didn't use all the time when i contribute to several articles even creating new ones , my log in to prove that i'm creating here , this gives you right to erase all my additions ? those were just few additions from all my work ! that is not my work ! is ... 0.5 % from what i do here ! who you think you are ? admin ? editor ? if i will do the same on all your contributions , let's see if you like it a ? first , ask , second , document yourself , third -you are not god to do what you want based on .... your intuitions . you saw ... 7-8 added links from all my work and you act like crazy ? this is spam ? beside i don't have any intention to promote any site , i even remove when i see broken links , etc ! so , stop judging and act stupidly ! you want to chace spam , look here - these are websites with thousands of links in wikipedia and no one does anything from different stupid reasons like - is a notable source - so what ? this is giving rights to pages like livescience or europeana.eu https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title special%3asearch&profile ; all&search ; europeana.eu&fulltext ; search so , check first , act after you have proves !
0.5893245
hey dude who the hell you think you are just because i didnt use all the time when i contribute to several articles even creating new ones my log in to prove that im creating here this gives you right to erase all my additions those were just few additions from all my work that is not my work is 05 from what i do here who you think you are admin editor if i will do the same on all your contributions lets see if you like it a first ask second document yourself third you are not god to do what you want based on your intuitions you saw 78 added links from all my work and you act like crazy this is spam beside i dont have any intention to promote any site i even remove when i see broken links etc so stop judging and act stupidly you want to chace spam look here these are websites with thousands of links in wikipedia and no one does anything from different nstupid reasons like is a notable source so what this is giving rights to pages like livescience or europeanaeu httpsenwikipediaorgwindexphptitle special3asearchprofile allsearch europeanaeufulltext search so check first act after you have proves 
0.495185
stupid, nstupid; 

thanks you chasewc91 & nightscream makes from good article ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/umbrella_(music_video )) really shit . thank u for this !!! fuck u , bitches !!!
0.97328025
thanks you chasewc91 nightscream makes from good article httpsenwikipediaorgwikiumbrellamusicvideo really shit thank u for this fuckv u bitches 
0.94245267
fuck, fuckv; 

