ban of bryansee from wikipediocracy . hey , you are zoloft . the one who banned me from wikipediocracy with a threat that i die . well means dead . recover means die . you are wanting me to die by a medication increase or meet my maker . check this out :
0.5264003
ban of bryansee from wikipediocracy hey you are zoloft the one who banned me from wikipediocracy with a threat that i yie well means dead recover means tdie you are wanting me to ndie by a medication increase or meet my maker check this out 
0.30287415
die, yie; die, tdie; die, ndie; 

fuck off , jack
0.9702692
fuc*k off jack 
0.9441554
fuck, fuc*k; 

the american agenda to homosexualize the world why does this article make him sound like a bad person for condemning behaviors/traits that are obviously wrong and misplaced ?? i was reading all his quotations and views in the article ( which are in line with biblical teachings ) and i realized that the conclusion given always made him look like a confused fellow . what is wrong is wrong !!!! homosexuality has been wrong , is still wrong and will forever-ly remain wrong till the end of time and nothing can change that as long as this earth remains . no matter how americans ( and that pope dude ) try to stylishly impose homosexuality on the world , there will be few people of dignity like bishop rl . burke , who will always stand for the truth . don't tell me that wikipedia is not the right place to discuss the morality in homosexuality , because i already knew that before coming here . at this point , i expect the pro-gay activists to delete my post giving reasons like : it does not contribute anything to this article .
0.2937394
the american agenda to homosexualize the world why does this article make him sound like a bad person for condemning behaviorstraits that are obviously wrong and misplaced i was reading all his quotations and views in the article which are in line with biblical teachings and i realized that the conclusion given always made him look like a confused fellow what is wrong is wrong homosexualyty has been wrong is still wrong and will foreverly remain wrong till the end of time and nothing can change that as long as this earth remains no matter how americans and that pope dude try to stylishly impose homosexuafity on the world there will be few people of dignity like bishop rl burke who will always stand for the truth dont tell me that wikipedia is not the right place to discuss the morality in homosexualitqy because i already knew that before coming here at this point i expect the progay activists to delete my post giving reasons like it does not contribute anything to this article 
0.18252021
homosexuality, homosexualyty; homosexuality, homosexuafity; homosexuality, homosexualitqy; 

buttdaddy ooooooooh yeah i'm your dad now
0.4815505
buttdaddy ooooooooh yeah im your dayd now 
0
dad, dayd; 

