. i will always vandalize your talks . recently i deleted an article vishwavijay ( 2016 film ) even when it had the changes that were required as per the guidelines of wikipedia . but why should i care ? i was a damn bloody idiot and i will always be . when that user had asked for the deletion of mohenjo daro(film ) page when it had the eligibility for speedy deletion , i did not . why ? because i am a very cunning , bloody idiot , plus rascal ! not only i , but another user czar is also a bloody damn cunning man like me . i will vandalise entire wikipedia if users don't appreciate me to become the master of wikipedia . i will surely become the boss and entire wikipedia will be under my foot
0.6781652
i will always vandalize your talks recently i deleted an article vishwavijay 2016 film even when it had the changes that were required as per the guidelines of wikipedia but why should i care i was a damn bloody idigt and i will always be when that user had asked for the deletion of mohenjo darofilm page when it had the eligibility for speedy deletion i did not why because i am a very cunning bloody idtiot plus rascal not only i but another user czar is also a bloody damn cunning man like me i will vandalise entire wikipedia if users dont appreciate me to become the master of wikipedia i will surely become the boss and entire wikipedia will be under my foot 
0.33834016
idiot, idigt; idiot, idtiot; 

who do you think you are with your futile attempts at censorship ? are you a communist ? do you believe in freedom of speech ? if you'd have performed like this during kennedy's administration , you'd have been paid a visit by a sniper whose middle name would have been mentioned . spend more time building a tornado shelter and stocking up with mineral water and maize and less time irritating me .
0.41851938
who do you think you are with your futile attempts at censorship are you a communist do you believe in freedom of speech if youd have performed like this during kennedys administration youd have been paid a visit by a sniper whose middle name would have been mentioned spend more time building a tornado shelter and stocking up with mineral water and maize and less time irritaoting me 
0.28379995
irritating, irritaoting; 

