::: editors like you are what is wrong with wikipedia . what you are doing is making wikipedia worse . you are not interested in actual information , or helping people , but in enforcing the rules . it is really disgusting . what is worse is how people who want to make wikipedia better , such as providing accurate and helpful information are simply argued with and actively discouraged from participating . you say trash the place then leave but what has done is actually provide references . he doesn't have to do anything else . that is what the small-minded over-zealous editors should be doing , namely taking the actual informative content and doing their little grammar and formatting edits . that is all you are good for , so do it , do that work . stop discouraging people with actual content from participating with the threatening notes . such a tragedy of the commons .
0.23907025
editors like you are what is wrong with wikipedia what you are doing is making wikipedia worse you are not interested in actual information or helping people but in enforcing the rules it is really dqisgusting what is worse is how people who want to make wikipedia better such as providing accurate and helpful information are simply argued with and actively discouraged from participating you say trash the place then leave but what has done is actually provide references he doesnt have to do anything else that is what the smallminded overzealous editors should be doing namely taking the actual informative content and doing their little grammar and formatting edits that is all you are good for so do it do that work stop discouraging people with actual content from participating with the threatening notes such a tragedy of the commons 
0.17256759
disgusting, dqisgusting; 

:::::::: you are such an ignorant piece of refuse . you cannot understand what utter crap you actually are . this is not personalization , it is fact . the fact that your tens of thousands of edits don't actually contribute to human knowledge , but detract from it . you are a farce , a peripheral character in a kafka novel . a negation on the planet . your simple negation actually negates your very existence . thank you so much for living up to the current actual potential of wikipedia as it erodes its actual value .
0.6183083
you are such an ignorant piece of refuse you cannot understand what utter crapb you actually are this is not personalization it is fact the fact that your tens of thousands of edits dont actually contribute to human knowledge but detract from it you are a farce a peripheral character in a kafka novel a negation on the planet your simple negation actually negates your very existence thank you so much for living up to the current actual potential of wikipedia as it erodes its actual value 
0.47643656
crap, crapb; 

::: by no means are you being an asshole , but i do understand the implications of what you're saying ; i just don't agree since every measurement is given on first use . so i'd expect an australian to understand one of my articles on a pre-metrification australian ship just fine . your argument , and that of the mos itself , has a great deal more merit when no conversions are given so that people can't grasp the scale of things properly . since my articles can be fully understood by people on both sides of the imperial/metric scales , i view it more as a matter of taste . and , quite honestly , since i have a large number of fa , a- , and ga-class articles under my belt , most reviewers seem to agree as no one's ever challenged me on this particular point before .
0.40768987
by no means are you being an assholeg but i do understand the implications of what youre saying i just dont agree since every measurement is given on first use so id expect an australian to understand one of my articles on a premetrification australian ship just fine your argument and that of the mos itself has a great deal more merit when no conversions are given so that people cant grasp the scale of things properly since my articles can be fully understood by people on both sides of the imperialmetric scales i view it more as a matter of taste and quite honestly since i have a large number of fa a and gaclass articles under my belt most reviewers seem to agree as no ones ever challenged me on this particular point before 
0.05524953
asshole, assholeg; 

