i will follow the guidelines as they are . but would surely hope that you do some checking in other publications than the english one as well . and be frank . i at least use my own name and not a nickname like yourself . i think that counts for something . at least for getting my butt kicked under my own name . anthony signing off goodnight and goodluck
0.26668566
i will follow the guidelines as they are but would surely hope that you do some checking in other publications than the english one as well and be frank i at least use my own name and not a nickname like yourself i think that counts for something at least for getting my bzutt kicked under my own name anthony signing off goodnight and goodluck 
0.14064287
butt, bzutt; 

che guevara was the same as adolf hitler , george bush ( not that he ordered the killings of unarmed civilians like che ) , osama bin laden , etc . he killed people through orders and infact this man killed people in person while shouting that he was protecting these people and killing them for their own good . not even adolf hitler claimed to be killing people for their own good . he was a communist and a strong beacon on what communists are really like in power , try to prove me wrong ? how many communist regimes have resulted in the deaths of thousands ? cuba , romania , bulgaria , yugoslavia , poland . millions ? russia , china , vietnam , cambodia . and that doesnt even count the numerous ' revolutionaries ' who fought for their own country while killing it off . dont push this social policy bullshit cause in reality it has no base . compare that death toll to capitalisms shining beacons of the world ; the usa executes an extremely thin ammount of killers compared to this . there is something wrong with being a communist . you leftists complain about capitalist nations ( of which nazi germany wasnt ) abusing the proletariat , take a look at your happy and caring communist nations . every person i know who claims to be a communist is on social welfare , complains about the government who gives them the right to live and wastes hard earned tax dollars in gay cafes discussing poetry and why the government wont allow pink che guevara t-shirts . what the fuck is wrong with this society ? you all claim that jobs hold you down , jobs are the basis of this society functioning . if you pay a doctor the same as what you pay a toilet cleaner there will be no insentive for him to spend years at medical school . you can all go fuck yourselves and die in a gutter .
0.83967066
che guevara was the same as adolf hitler george bush not that he ordered the killings of unarmed civilians like che osama bin laden etc he killed people through orders and infact this man killed people in person while shouting that he was protecting these people and killing them for their own good not even adolf hitler claimed to be killing people for their own good he was a communist and a strong beacon on what communists are really like in power try to prove me wrong how many communist regimes have resulted in the deaths of thousands cuba romania bulgaria yugoslavia poland millions russia china vietnam cambodia and that doesnt even count the numerous revolutionaries who fought for their own country while killing it off dont push this social policy bullshit cause in reality it has no base compare that death toll to capitalisms shining beacons of the world the usa executes an extremely thin ammount of killers compared to this there is something wrong with being a communist you leftists complain about capitalist nations of which nazi germany wasnt abusing the proletariat take a look at your happy and caring communist nations every person i know who claims to be a communist is on social welfare complains about the government who gives them the right to live and wastes hard earned tax dollars in gay cafes discussing poetry and why the government wont allow pink che guevara tshirts what the fzuck is wrong with this society you all claim that jobs hold you down jobs are the basis of this society functioning if you pay a doctor the same as what you pay a toilet cleaner there will be no insentive for him to spend years at medical school you can all go fhuck yourselves and die in a gutter 
0.5633052
fuck, fzuck; fuck, fhuck; 

who was that jerk who blocked me ?? why some assholes have authority to block the others . either you , pseudo grandmaster of azeri origin make your own corrections about antient city of shusha founded by panah khan in 18 century or i will keep vandalizing your stupid article and then write a special letter to wikipedia accusing you of spreading azeri propaganda in wikipedia . i wanna know the name of those assholes who tried to block me . fucking idiots .
0.95116633
who was that jerk who blocked me why some assholes have authority to block the others either you pseudo grandmaster of azeri origin make your own corrections about antient city of shusha founded by panah khan in 18 century or i will keep vandalizing your stupid article and then write a special letter to wikipedia accusing you of spreading azeri propaganda in wikipedia i wanna know the name of those assholes who tried to block me fucrking idiots 
0.9226727
fucking, fucrking; 

