for example , if i were to say that you are defficient in the immoral then to you it is not a personl attack as you consider that to be good , but if i menat it to be an attack , then it is ... it is your inner setiment that dictates the way you interpret it as good or as bad ... but it is not in the thing itself , or what i menat it to be ... open your eyes to reality and wake up from your conditioned sleep ;) read above , what is it to be moral anyway ? you fool - maybe it is good to be a fool , but if you think it is not , then that is youre propblem ;) i cant be held accountable for your inner interpretatons and psychology ;)
0.4007116
for example if i were to say that you are defficient in the immoral then to you it is not a personl attack as you consider that to be good but if i menat it to be an attack then it is it is your inner setiment that dictates the way you interpret it as good or as bad but it is not in the thing itself or what i menat it to be open your eyes to reality and wake up from your conditioned sleep read above what is it to be moral anyway you uool maybe it is good to be a foola but if you think it is not then that is youre propblem i cant be held accountable for your inner interpretatons and psychology 
0.28022212
fool, uool; fool, foola; 

:: felonious monk , you can kiss my hairy jewish ass ! if your nose wasn't burried so deep in chip berlet's nut sack then you might actually have a bit of a sense of hummor and not be all anal about your precious wiki-beuracracy . go ahead and block my ip if you like , i really don't give a shit about you or wikipedia . i can switch my ip address in two seconds anyhow . or block my ip-range if you like - i fuckin dare you to ! i'm switching internet providers tomorrow anyway , so it won't affect me , it will just keep a bunch of other people from editing your wannabe encyclopedia , which is a-ok with me !
0.90627754
felonious monk you can kiss my hairy jewish ass if your nose wasnt burried so deep in chip berlets nut sack then you might actually have a bit of a sense of hummor and not be all anal about your precious wikibeuracracy go ahead and block my ip if you like i really dont give a shit about you or wikipedia i can switch my ip address in two seconds anyhow or block my iprange if you like i fuckixn dare you to im switching internet providers tomorrow anyway so it wont affect me it will just keep a bunch of other people from editing your wannabe encyclopedia which is aok with me 
0.80766433
fuckin, fuckixn; 

