::::: first off , i really don't think that's needed or even fit for this page . second , show me any major grammar mistakes i've made aside from accidentally not typing find right here ( which is , in fact , not on purpose , i don't know where you'd get that ) and i'll coincide , but so far i don't see anything that would make anybody think i have bad grammar . third , um , does my supposed bad grammar have anything to do with me getting reported for saying i'm someone on a different website ? ::::: someone here needs to think before they talk shit .
0.5194423
first off i really dont think thats needed or even fit for this page second show me any major grammar mistakes ive made aside from accidentally not typing find right here which is in fact not on purpose i dont know where youd get that and ill coincide but so far i dont see anything that would make anybody think i have bad grammar third um does my supposed bad grammar have anything to do with me getting reported for saying im someone on a different website someone here needs to think before they talk sshit 
0.25212562
shit, sshit; 

wow holy fuck this girl is hot as hell . i know we aren't supposed to put things like this on talk pages , so you can delete this , but seriously man . instant boner whenever i see her . and i'm not even black or anything , nor do i have some kind of black fetish . just wow .
0.89893085
wow holy fauck this girl is hot as hell i know we arent supposed to put things like this on talk pages so you can delete this but seriously man instant boner whenever i see her and im not even black or anything nor do i have some kind of black fetish just wow 
0.66033053
fuck, fauck; 

amerindianarts , kemo sabe , you are an idea vandal and a thug . citation is appropriate for information likely to be challenged and an informed effort to explain kant and thus serve the reader has kant himself as an implicit cite . the mathematical intuitionism link is well-known . the ignorance of the learned , their willed self-moronization , shouldn't control . i'm going to complain about you .
0.27166763
amerindianarts kemo sabe you are an idea vanddal and a thug citation is appropriate for information likely to be challenged and an informed effort to explain kant and thus serve the reader has kant himself as an implicit cite the mathematical intuitionism link is wellknown the ignorance of the learned their willed selfmoronization shouldnt control im going to complain about you 
0.23133309
vandal, vanddal; 

