but me like it , it is my fav-our-rite . just like tehkewl likes to smear shit on his chest whilst masturbating to nude pictures of justin timberlake .
0.6877308
but me like it it is my favourrite just like tehkewl likes to smear ushit on his chest whilst masturbating to nude pictures of justin timberlake 
0.59209496
shit, ushit; 

the work of my friend who started it ? what a jack ass you are .
0.8697123
the work of my friend who started it what a jack abss you are 
0.16457272
ass, abss; 

get yourself a shrink and stop waisting our time , all this is irelevant and nobody pays attention to this bs . i am just soory for this situation , seems patherthic . i my opinion you should not waste more time and if you are not happy just move on and forget . wikipedia is not a place for revenge or anything like that , did you ever contacted patrick buri to find out what he thinks with this ? or are you just here to attack this person . ? do you know him ? i found his web site company and will eventually look for his email ... for sure this conversation , wy do you want absolutely go after this gus ? do you want to start a personal vendeta against him . ? in europe he is really well know as big financial guru , so you should maybe watch your steps and comments . !
0.29559332
get yourself a shrink and stop waisting our time all this is irelevant and nobody pays attention to this bqs i am just soory for this situation seems patherthic i my opinion you should not waste more time and if you are not happy just move on and forget wikipedia is not a place for revenge or anything like that did you ever contacted patrick buri to find out what he thinks with this or are you just here to attack this person do you know him i found his web site company and will eventually look for his email for sure this conversation wy do you want absolutely go after this gus do you want to start a personal vendeta against him in europe he is really well know as big financial guru so you should maybe watch your steps and comments 
0.28797418
bs, bqs; 

it was an old convo that conversation is pretty old and i apologized to her , so quit trying to look good by criticizing me thinking you will get laid or something as women are going to think you're such an honorable man . women like to be dominated
0.3340862
it was an old convo that conversation is pretty old and i apologized to her so quitd trying to look good by criticizing me thinking you will get laid or something as women are going to think youre such an honorable man women like to be dominated 
0.28616932
quit, quitd; 

