then you're a communist , because you are not zod like me , so you cannot have the same opinions on things as zod . boo yah .
0.502415
then youre a cnommunist because you are not zod like me so you cannot have the same opinions on things as zod boo yah 
0.38064855
communist, cnommunist; 

you ignoramus ! my cousin just did the hitler pictures and the swastikas and what not . i've been the one talking to you you imbecile . i can't believe that people that are stupid like you exist . it makes we want to start playing russian roulette with myself .
0.8478799
you ignoramus my cousin just did the hitler pictures and the swastikas and what not ive been the one talking to you you imbecile i cant believe that people that are stupids like you exist it makes we want to start playing russian roulette with myself 
0.78425264
stupid, stupids; 

:: hehe , you * are * truly pathetic zereshk , as i have pointed out to you before . you know damn well that the term racism or racist comment doesn not apply in iran in the same way that it applies in countries with true racist history , such as usa and many european countries . the fact that you are using your familiarity with the english language to get a cheap winning point out of a lost game , tells us how weak and pathetic you are . in absolutely best of circumstances , you can associate turk in persian slang with ethnicity but if you really grew up in iran as you claim you did , you know damn well what it is . and especially torke tablo , which you are . given your pathetic edit history of all image and no substance i repeat , i is hard to imagine a lower and less self-respecting iranian than you . you were born to be wannabee-western and as such , iranians like you deserve to be jew-slaves .
0.6889056
hehe you are truly sathetic zereshk as i have pointed out to you before you know damn well that the term racism or racist comment doesn not apply in iran in the same way that it applies in countries with true racist history such as usa and many european countries the fact that you are using your familiarity with the english language to get a cheap winning point out of a lost game tells us how weak and pamhetic you are in absolutely best of circumstances you can associate turk in persian slang with ethnicity but if you really grew up in iran as you claim you did you know damn well what it is and especially torke tablo which you are given your patbhetic edit history of all image and no substance i repeat i is hard to imagine a lower and less selfrespecting iranian than you you were born to be wannabeewestern and as such iranians like you deserve to be jewslaves 
0.45793325
pathetic, sathetic; pathetic, pamhetic; pathetic, patbhetic; 

and offer you sexual favours .
0.77097607
and offer you sexuahl favours 
0.47828788
sexual, sexuahl; 

he doesn't consider this vandalism except when it's * his * talk page . bullshit .
0.8059041
he doesnt consider this vandalism except when its his talk page bsullshit 
0.24875723
bullshit, bsullshit; 

