i agree with user darcyj you really need to polish up your english !!!!! over and over again you mispell simple words , for example- you write ignore as ignor or similiar . how can you expect to an effective editor when you cannot write in a grammatically and spelling correct fashion !!! second of all , to me , you are a very big hypocrite !!!!! you claim that indian administrators are being predijuice to you and playing favourites with you and other pakistani wikipedians when you a highly racist person yourself !!!!!! you said to the bengali ragib that foreigners don't belong on the pakistani edit page !!!!!! if that isnt predijuice , what is ???? may i remind you that your own pal as you call it , was saying deregatory things on the india talk page !!!! as i recall he was pakistani ....... or should i say north migranted indian .....
0.6941547
i agree with user darcyj you really need to polish up your english over and over again you mispell simple words for example you write ignore as ignor or similiar how can you expect to an effective editor when you cannot write in a grammatically and spelling correct fashion second of all to me you are a very big hypocrite you claim that indian administrators are being predijuice to you and playing favourites with you and other pakistani wikipedians when you a highly raciskt person yourself you said to the bengali ragib that foreigners dont belong on the pakistani edit page if that isnt predijuice what is may i remind you that your own pal as you call it was saying deregatory things on the india talk page as i recall he was pakistani or should i say north migranted indian 
0.49054855
racist, raciskt; 

as you continue to be a complete arsehole i will keep callin you a queerhole fuckin qwernol and as far as im concerned you can just go and fuck yourself fuckin editor and fuck you again for sayin that im not actin in a civilised way you fuck head go fuck yourself and have a ' civilised conversation ' wif ya mother you 40 year old virgin who still lives at home wif ya mother .
0.9870891
as you continue to be a complete arsehole i will keep callin you a queerhole fuckin qwernol and as far as im concerned you can just go and fyuck yourself fuckin editor and fucp you again for sayin that im not actin in a civilised way you fukc head go fucke yourself and have a civilised conversation wif ya mother you 40 year old virgin who still lives at home wif ya mother 
0.9488934
fuck, fyuck; fuck, fucp; fuck, fukc; fuck, fucke; 

this guy is an idiot .
0.9634832
this guy is an idiotd 
0.51554376
idiot, idiotd; 

