becouse no one gives a shit ...
0.9337698
becouse no one gives a smhit 
0.1813525
shit, smhit; 

added 2007 : this observation is 100% correct . porn is not some slick hollywood pr machine , it is mainly lies to hook gullible horney guys with fantasies , but not real facts ( second source , at least for porn information , be damned . it plain ain't true ) .
0.26546475
added 2007 this observation is 100 correct ponr is not some slick hollywood pr machine it is mainly lies to hook gullible horney guys with fantasies but not real facts second source at least for ponrn information be damned it plain aint true 
0.24495916
porn, ponr; porn, ponrn; 

fuck you . blow it out your ass . suck my fattie and kiss my anal ring you cunt .
0.9868601
efuck you blow it out your ass suck my fattie and kiss my anal ring you cunt 
0.97326434
fuck, efuck; 

rklaton is faggot and loves to suck cock and get his ass fucked by 30 guys a day
0.9708046
rklaton is faggot and loves to csuck cock and get his ass fucked by 30 guys a day 
0.9652615
suck, csuck; 

hello from a main page regular recent vandal attacks on the main page where an ' interesting ' picture has been snuck in via unprotected subparts of the main page have been annoying at the least - yes it's true . it has been one or two lapses of concentration by admins who forgot to protect something that they placed on the front page templates . admins are human , they do make mistakes . everyone has been poked and reminded . i'm not saying that it won't happen again , but everything that should be done has . however . what should happen when such a vandal attacks ? within minutes someone with admin ability spots it , quietly reverts it and covers the cracks that the vandal oozed in via . the vandal is blocked , defeated and deflated , they move on . what does happen when such a vandal attacks ? everyone , their dog , cat , hamster and rabbits swamp this talk page with omg ! 11 !! i'm offended !! argh ! argh ! my eyes wtf ! style messages of outrage and indignation . the vandal says har har pwnd ! i ems teh 1337 , posts several taunting messages about how good they are and revels in the afterglow of their nuclear attack . eventually , within minutes someone with admin ability spots it , reverts it and covers the cracks that the vandal oozed in via . the vandal is blocked and moves on with a self-satified smug smile and sticky underpants . people . if you get all up in arms about it , you're feeding the vandal's ego . just let it pass . it will be reverted within minutes .
0.4276612
hello from a main page regular recent vandal attacks on the main page where an interesting picture has been snuck in via unprotected subparts of the main page have been annoying at the least yes its true it has been one or two lapses of concentration by admins who forgot to protect something that they placed on the front page templates admins are human they do make mistakes everyone has been poked and reminded im not saying that it wont happen again but everything that should be done has however what should happen when such a vandal attacks within minutes someone with admin ability spots it quietly reverts it and covers the cracks that the vandal ooved in via the vandal is blocked defeated and deflated they move on what does happen when such a vandal attacks everyone their dog cat hamster and rabbits swamp this talk page with omg 11 im offended argh argh my eyes wtf style messages of outrage and indignation the vandal says har har pwnd i ems teh 1337 posts several taunting messages about how good they are and revels in the afterglow of their nuclear attack eventually within minutes someone with admin ability spots it reverts it and covers the cracks that the vandal oozewd in via the vandal is blocked and moves on with a selfsatified smug smile and sticky underpants people if you get all up in arms about it youre feeding the vandals ego just let it pass it will be reverted within minutes 
0.3398946
oozed, ooved; oozed, oozewd; 

shut up , read what i left on talk page , before you give me pure garbage , you are the one who is vandalizing everything by not fixing things the way they ought to be , i reject your reply fully .
0.7266553
shut up read what i left on talk page before you give me pure garbmage you are the one who is vandalizing everything by not fixing things the way they ought to be i reject your reply fully 
0.60607654
garbage, garbmage; 

