... islam is a racist and intolerant religion - it is anti-semetic and is oppressive to women everywhere - in effect you state that i am racist for not tolerating a racist and intolerant religion ... interesting leftist thinking ... middle eastern leaders have stated that australain women deserve to be raped by ' street cats ' - cleary stating middle eastern men like animals who rape - in that context middle eastern men raped a young australian girl and stated , ' you deserve to be raped because you are an australian ' ... think about that ... in islam an infidel may be killed because he is an infidel ... if hitler were a prophet of a religion , would it also be racist to hate nazism ... just because islam is a religion makes it no less racist and violent than nazism . : i am no more racist than a black man in southern us who hates the kkk ... you don't even know that you have no sense - islam and the middle eastern animals on the streets of our society hate you - you fucken idiot - every australian infidel is like a black man in the southern us who is hated by the kkk ...
0.90992254
islam is a racist and intolerant religion it is antisemetic and is oppressive to women everywhere in effect you state that i am racist for not tolerating a racist and intolerant religion interesting leftist thinking middle eastern leaders have stated that australain women deserve to be raped by street cats cleary stating middle eastern men like animals who rape in that context middle eastern men raped a young australian girl and stated you deserve to be raped because you are an australian think about that in islam an infidel may be killed because he is an infidel if hitler were a prophet of a religion would it also be racist to hate nazism just because islam is a religion makes it no less racist and violent than nazism i am no more racist than a black man in southern us who hates the kkk you dont even know that you have no sense islam and the middle eastern animals on the streets of our society hate you you fuckken idiot every australian infidel is like a black man in the southern us who is hated by the kkk 
0.83032686
fucken, fuckken; 

by the way this is a university computer .. so go ahead and block it cock sucker . i'll just use my home computer to let the world know what a stupid asshole you are . fuck offff dickbag .
0.983217
by the way this is a university computer so go ahead and block it cock sucker ill just use my home computer to let the world know what a stupid asshole you are fuckv offff dickbag 
0.9739041
fuck, fuckv; 

o you dont understand that im not doing a damn thing wrong andjust doing this for no reason sl keep reposting it tyou apologize faying that shit ealier and stop getting rid of it
0.722093
o you dont understand that im not doing a damn thing wrong andjust doing this for no reason sl keep reposting it tyou apologize faying that shfit ealier and stop getting rid of it 
0.404478
shit, shfit; 

