you are an idiot # you are an idiot . # did i say that i wanted to kill myself on the main page of wikipedia ? did i valdalize wikipedia ? i did not ask you to post on my user talk page , i did not reach out to you , you contacted me so mind your own damn business . # in the case you share the impossibly ignourant belief that after clicking save page that i would off myself you or others must truely be the most ignourant person on the planet . obviously you and others must not have filtered in other factors such as material possessions , pain , and time . i will not explain any further because if you cannot find the answers for yourself then you are truely an idiot . # if you really think i need therapy , shut up . my life is mine . you have no right to tell me how to run it . # do not message me back i came on wikipedia to take care of other things , but i will not come back after this . -
0.8435667
you are an idgiot you are an idito did i say that i wanted to kill myself on the main page of wikipedia did i valdalize wikipedia i did not ask you to post on my user talk page i did not reach out to you you contacted me so mind your own damn business in the case you share the impossibly ignourant belief that after clicking save page that i would off myself you or others must truely be the most ignourant person on the planet obviously you and others must not have filtered in other factors such as material possessions pain and time i will not explain any further because if you cannot find the answers for yourself then you are truely an idioyt if you really think i need therapy shut up my life is mine you have no right to tell me how to run it do not message me back i came on wikipedia to take care of other things but i will not come back after this 
0.588917
idiot, idgiot;

:: what is your fucking problem ?? i added the reference sources , if it is anyone who is going to get pinched for a 3rr violation it's you not me so just fucking cool out ! i am trying to be a good contributor but you are trying my patience !
0.838362
what is your ffucking problem i added the reference sources if it is anyone who is going to get pinched for a 3rr violation its you not me so just fuckinrg cool out i am trying to be a good contributor but you are trying my patience 
0.1022413
fucking, ffucking;

your general suckitude get your cock out of your mouth and ban me . i can't believe you haven't realised all the awful things i have done to your wikipedia . why am i telling you this ? good question . maybe i have problems .
0.7471627
your general suckitude get your c ock out of your mouth and ban me i cant believe you havent realised all the awful things i have done to your wikipedia why am i telling you this good question maybe i have problems 
0.6448163
cock, c ock;

hey anonymous will you forgive wiki if they destroy the existance of the very real repives ?
0.37022015
hey anonymous will you forgive wiki if they destroyb the existance of the very real repives 
0.26101533
destroy, destroyb;

