whats up ? as i advised your boy stevebaker , you can both kiss my ass , right cheek , left cheek and dead center , ill even give you a half hour to draw a crowd ... harry swoger ...
0.77190804
whats up as i advised your boy stevebaker you can both kiss my iass right cheek left cheek and dead center ill even give you a half hour to draw a crowd harry swoger 
0.49244988
ass, iass;

this also ponders my imagination i say fuck it ! fuck splitting this fuckedy article . we'eve already fucked up this article and we do not need to fuck it anymore . please save any more fuck from happening . sincerely , a little fucker oh yeah bitch dats my cock right there , you know ma cock looks nice
0.9633124
this also ponders my imagination i say fukc it ouck splitting this fuckedy article weeve already fucked up this article and we do not need to fnck it anymore please save any more vfuck from happening sincerely a little fucker oh yeah bitch dats my cock right there you know ma cock looks nice 
0.9303507
fuck, fukc;

i'm sorry you spend all your life on wikipedia . good luck in trying to leave the house and find friends .
0.14565857
im sorry you spend all your hlife on wikipedia good luck in trying to leave the house and find friends 
0.124531895
life, hlife;

: are u serious ? those idiots are just a bunch of unaustralian bogans , with too much time on their hands . just cos there recruiting aggressively and getting attention doesnt mean theyre notable enough to be in wikipedia . it makes me sick hearing the rubbish from their campaign - we'd gain nothing from independence ! and what if the fanatics turn it into something like northern ireland ? no thank you
0.7003121
are u serious those idiotas are just a bunch of unaustralian bogans with too much time on their hands just cos there recruiting aggressively and getting attention doesnt mean theyre notable enough to be in wikipedia it makes me sick hearing the rubbish from their campaign wed gain nothing from independence and what if the fanatics turn it into something like northern ireland no thank you 
0.4741074
idiots, idiotas;

regarding you being a homosexual you are clearly a homosexual . i think you should leave normal society and go and live in a sewer with all the other homosexuals . you are clearly not normal . if you persist with reporting me for abusing you , i will insert a large garden gnome into you . and stay off the dublin airport article . it's my territory . if i say delta serve orlando from dublin , then they do . don't send me fucking patronising messages again . fucking freak !!!
0.9511642
regarding you being a homosexual you are clearly a homosexual i think you should leave normal society and go and live in a sewer with all the other homosexuals you are clearly not normal if you persist with reporting me for abusing you i will insert a large garden gnome into you and stay off the dublin airport article its my territory if i say delta serve orlando from dublin then they do dont send me fucknig patronising messages again efucking freak 
0.67262536
fucking, fucknig;

