there's a cock in your ass .
0.9657222
theres a cock in your afss 
0.93764853
ass, afss; 

:: nice wording there . that's the point . it's a fact . it's not a portrayal that is too positive . it's a fucking fact . what planet is this ? where does this argument come from ? it is a fact . it matters not what editors of this encyclopedia think . it matters greatly what the sources state . and they state it explicitly : michael jordan is the greatest basketball player of all-time , by acclamation michael jordan is the greatest basketball player of all-time . how much more explicit do you expect it to get ? they aren't going to waltz the answer out to you . this is an objective look at someone who demonstrably showed that they were the greatest . if editing is a problem , then just create a special lock or something for the opening paragraph that only the top moderators can unlock . every source in existence acknowledges him as #1 all-time . so the idea of having certain wording that may not object to certain users ' opinions completely defeats the purpose of an encyclopedia .
0.45274243
nice wording there thats the point its a fact its not a portrayal that is too positive its a fucking fact what planet is this where does this argument come from it is a fact it matters not what editors of this encyclopedia think it matters greatly what the sources state and they state it explicitly michael jordan is the greatest basketball player of alltime by acclamation michael jordan is the greatest basketball player of alltime how much more explicit do you expect it to dget they arent going to waltz the answer out to you this is an objective look at someone who demonstrably showed that they were the greatest if editing is a problem then just create a special lock or something for the opening paragraph that only the top moderators can unlock every source in existence acknowledges him as 1 alltime so the idea of having certain wording that may not object to certain users opinions completely defeats the purpose of an encyclopedia 
0.44991845
get, dget; 

im sorry . but you people dont know the meaning of pussy . pussy means vagina . so if you say oh i wanna lick that girls pussy that means you wanna lick her vagina ! vagina pussy && pussy vagina ! got it ? got it ! ok ! goodbye !
0.9803971
im sorry but you people dont know the meaning of pussye puvssy means vagina so if you say oh i wanna lick that girls  that means you wanna lick her vagina vagina pusoy pkussy vagina got it got it ok goodbye 
0.947293
pussy, pussye; pussy, puvssy; pussy, ; pussy, pusoy; pussy, pkussy; 

so i guess your explanation of wp : csd #t1 is still zero . once again you have failed to explain why a page weas deleted under wp : csd #t1 and then threatened the inquirer with a block . poor form . extremely poor form .
0.29890007
so i guess your explanation of wp csd t1 is still zero once again you have failed to explain why a page weas deleted under wp csd t1 and then threatened the inquirer with a block posr form extremely pooor form 
0.23278025
poor, posr; poor, pooor; 

who writes this garbage ? known publicly as an experimental group , garbage used their powerful videos to distort the dimensions of their songs . does any part of that sentence make any sense ? the answer is no .
0.47365963
who writes this grabage known publicly as an experimental group goarbage used their powerful videos to distort the dimensions of their songs does any part of that sentence make any sense the answer is no 
0.104643226
garbage, grabage; garbage, goarbage; 

