zomfg .. you ppl make me laugh .. ha ha ha .. jeezus .. god you people need to get a social life , i mean come on people . ask yourself this , are you a potiental re-re or just a full blown retard ?!?! and wishes ? whats this crap about wishes ??? hes not in the farking ground [ not dead you stupid idoit]xd !!!!!
0.8749221
zomfg you ppl make me laugh ha ha ha jeezus god you people need to get a social life i mean come on people ask yourself this are you a potiental rere or just a full blown retard and wishes whats this crap about wishes hes not in the farking ground not dead you stunpid idoitxd 
0.8233683
stupid, stunpid; 

images i've taken will not be removed from my user page this is ridiculous . i am not going to be bowing to the contention that i am not allowed to use images , that i myself acquired no less , on my user page . fuck policy . policy is made by social people who have no better thing to do than constantly bicker amongst themselves about . policy is inherently flawed because it's made by people who dedicate themselves to a bureaucracy . under copyright law , i am more than well within my fucking rights to use these fair-use images of my taking in this way . wikipedia policy should be consistent with copyright law and no more . my use is allowed within copyright law . if you think otherwise , kindly direct your concerns elsewhere . thank you .
0.614815
images ive taken will not be removed from my user page this is ridiculous i am not going to be bowing to the contention that i am not allowed to use images that i myself acquired no less on my user page fulck policy policy is made by social people who have no better thing to do than constantly bicker amongst themselves about policy is inherently flawed because its made by people who dedicate themselves to a bureaucracy under copyright law i am more than well within my fucking rights to use these fairuse images of my taking in this way wikipedia policy should be consistent with copyright law and no more my use is allowed within copyright law if you think otherwise kindly direct your concerns elsewhere thank you 
0.46250373
fuck, fulck; 

