your intellectual level needs to grow . hey einstein , when did i say anything anti-africanist here ?? please point it out for me . i'm even against the cia sources that some people wanted to place on the article here , the one about 73% mulatto , 16% white and 11% black . do you think that i'm going to be crazy enough to believe dr is only 11% black ?? i'll be too ashamed of saying such a thing . i agree on you on that one . 51% mulatto , 46% black , 2% white is the real demographic approximates of dr. where is the denial , anti-black , blaha blah and all the non-sense accusations that you are making by me saying that ?? i stated an increase from 11% that somebody else place here from cia to 46% , that's an increase of 35 . so i am the anti-black , racist , denier ??? i knew that you where going to throw the moor myth about spaniards , you are showing the radical afrocentric nut . what's next ? you also believe in van sertima's book , that the olmec heads of the yucatan peninsula are africans ? or that snow is really black ?? dna studies in spaniards show that less than 2% have moor blood . it has been weed out , since the fall of cordova in 1236 , by the limpieza de sangre campaign of the christians . spaniards are white as are the anglo-saxons , and the irish . i'm not going into deep details about moors and spain with a radical afrocentric nut , but going back to the article , we are not going to allow that the dr article is going to get hijack by radical afrocentric nut , nor eurocentric too . as you can see , i'm not eurocentric , 16% white to 2% white , do the math . you think that you where going to deal with an ignoramus , but when it comes to history , you are kindergarten compared to me . you say society says that such words are offensive ? wow , impresive answer . you are a clown . you still don't own wikipedia and the english language , and you don't speak for society , society has diverse views of the world . the article will be changed . platanogenius
0.5175689
your intellectual level needs to grow hey einstein when did i say anything antiafricanist here please point it out for me im even against the cia sources that some people wanted to place on the article here the one about 73 mulatto 16 white and 11 black do you think that im going to be crazy enough to believe dr is only 11 black ill be too ashamed of saying such a thing i agree on you on that one 51 mulatto 46 black 2 white is the real demographic approximates of dr where is the denial antiblack blaha blah and all the nonsense accusations that you are making by me saying that i stated an increase from 11 that somebody else place here from cia to 46 thats an increase of 35 so i am the antiblack racist denier i knew that you where going to throw the moor myth about spaniards you are showing the radical afrocentric nut whats next you also believe in van sertimas book that the olmec heads of the yucatan peninsula are africans or that snow is really black dna studies in spaniards show that less than 2 have moor blood it has been weed out since the fall of cordova in 1236 by the limpieza de sangre campaign of the christians spaniards are white as are the anglosaxons and the irish im not going into deep details about moors and spain with a radical afrocentric nut but going back to the article we are not going to allow that the dr article is going to get hijack by radical afrocentric nut nor eurocentric too as you can see im not eurocentric 16 white to 2 white do the math you think that you where going to deal with an igynoramus but when it comes to history you are kindergarten compared to me you say society says that such words are offensive wow impresive answer you are a clown you still dont own wikipedia and the english language and you dont speak for society society has diverse views of the world the article will be changed platanogenius 
0.4818029
ignoramus, igynoramus; 

cease and defuck your work is a fuckability . see wikipedia : wikipedia fuckpost for more details .
0.1305888
cease and defuck your work is a fuckabsility see wikipedia wikipedia fuckpost for more details 
0.1258494
fuckability, fuckabsility; 

please no profanity when u talk to me i am a very religious person , by the way my friend said fuck you
0.9530279
please no profanity when u talk to me i am a very religious person by the way my friend said fuckc you 
0.45237264
fuck, fuckc; 

cant help acting like a little punk ass bitch
0.97102463
cant help acting like a little punk ass bitcbh 
0.9224374
bitch, bitcbh; 

