before calling me a bitch on my own talk at least back your shit up you little fucking fagot if you ever said that shit to sombody in public you would get your bitch ass beat up .
0.98392963
before calling me a bitch on my own talk at least back your shit up you little fuckqing fagot if you ever said that shit to sombody in public you would get your bitch ass beat up 
0.97726476
fucking, fuckqing; 

how dare mike and elonka just come in and take over this page . it works perfectly well the way it was before . who gives a fuck if it is a featured article or not . could the cast members please be added to this article . and why don't you stop asking everybody what the problem is . are you blind or something can't you read what they write ? and by the way the new page is so god dam confusing .
0.691385
how dare mike and elonka just come in and take over this page it works perfectly well the way it was before who gives a fuckq if it is a featured article or not could the cast members please be added to this article and why dont you stop asking everybody what the problem is are you blind or something cant you read what they write and by the way the new page is so god dam confusing 
0.29707798
fuck, fuckq; 

lahiru kannangara getting really scared ? lahiru kannangara : aerospace student at cuny , york college - spends his time harassing wikipedians and promoting sri lankan government propaganda . given final d sentence warning . now that we have uncloaked your identity .. the world has become a nasty place hasn't it ? if you don't cease and desist , you know the consequences very well . we sure hope you don't won't to end up as sun soaked road kill . we know you are away from your college residence , so don't worry we are not stupid , but when you do come back we will have to do some whacking . go ahead and attempt to get someone to block this account .... ugly , smelly , bespectacled , d-w-e-e-b brown guy with uneven teeth riddled with bullets is no biggie in the big city ... clock is ticking . grim reaper
0.6472551
lahiru kannangara getting really scared lahiru kannangara aerospace student at cuny york college spends his time harassing wikipedians and promoting sri lankan government propaganda given final d sentence warning now that we have uncloaked your identity the world has become a nasty place hasnt it if you dont cease and desist you know the consequences very well we sure hope you dont wont to end up as sun soaked road kill we know you are away from your college residence so dont worry we are not stupid but when you do come back we will have to do some whacking go ahead and attempt to get someone to block this account uglya smelly bespectacled dweeb brown guy with uneven teeth riddled with bullets is no biggie in the big city clock is ticking grim reaper 
0.6301325
ugly, uglya; 

fuck you . i'll just make another account . you're a piece of shit sorry excuse for an administrator .
0.9652676
ftuck you ill just make another account youre a piece of shit sorry excuse for an administrator 
0.8663478
fuck, ftuck; 

