tvoz's nonsense rvs tvoz stop making those changes . it makes sense the way we want it so please stop it . it's annoying
0.49971175
tvozs nonsense rvs tvoz stop making those changes it makes sense the way we want it so please stop it its annoyinrg 
0.49275652
annoying, annoyinrg; 

we know what you are . your vain attempts to silence those of us who know of your sick and twisted lifestyle must stop . the people will know about you whether you accept it or not . you have been warned .
0.4742572
we know what you are your vain attempts to silence those of us who know of your sicgk and twisted lifestyle must stop the people will know about you whether you accept it or not you have been warned 
0.31202435
sick, sicgk; 

:::: no , you are incorrect . xenophobia can be a clinical phobia , and is misused as a political epithet . it is not a conscious decision someone makes , it is driven by instinctive motivaition : please read a book ! ( better still , do a degree ! ) don't parrot things you don't understand . phobias are by definition irrational , as the article states by saying ... like all phobias - come on , read ! follow the links ! then think !
0.2612105
no you are incorrect xenophobia can be a clinical phobial and is misused as a political epithet it is not a conscious decision someone makes it is driven by instinctive motivaition please read a book better still do a degree dont parrot things you dont understand phobias are by definition irrational as the article states by saying like all phobias come on read follow the links then think 
0.26028505
phobia, phobial; 

why won't you leave me alone ? why do you keep stalking me ??? get over yourself , leave me alone and quit posting messages on my talk . i don't want to have anything to do with you and don't give a shit what you do to whatever article you feel obsessively compelled to edit . do what you want but by the goddess leave me alone .
0.7431156
why wont you leave me alone why do you keep stalking me get over yourself leave me alone and quit posting messages on my talk i dont want to have anything to do with you and dont give a shnit what you do to whatever article you feel obsessively compelled to edit do what you want but by the goddess leave me alone 
0.46602792
shit, shnit; 

