:: you silly rabbit .. but i've begun to notice how it's sometimes annoying to see how limited the wikipedia software is .
0.48450595
you asilly rabbit but ive begun to notice how its sometimes annoying to see how limited the wikipedia software is 
0.25775823
silly, asilly; 

giano is trying to cover up his lack of authority on the topic by redirecting . he is out of his league on this topic and refuses to return the proper article because his ego and vanity will not allow him to . he knows what the right thing to do is . this will never end untill justice is done . the first thing i will do every morning is email wikipedia about your inabilities and problems you have made on this page . you want this to end , than stop being on an ego trip and return the proper article !!!!!
0.38752
giano is trying to cover up his lack of authority on the topic by redirecting he is out of his league on this topic and refuses to return the proper article because his ehgo and vanity will not allow him to he knows what the right thing to do is this will never end untill justice is done the first thing i will do every morning is email wikipedia about your inabilities and problems you have made on this page you want this to end than stop being on an evgo trip and return the proper article 
0.22301212
ego, ehgo; ego, evgo; 

you're wrong ; iar applies to admins and regular editors alike . you have provided no evidence of that . as i said , i have the facts and you guys just have bullshit . what is a regular editor ? i am not a regular editor i am an occasional editor . the ignore all rules rule does not mean there can be one set of rule exceptions for you and another set of rule exceptions for me . we can agree on an exception to the rules , but the exception must apply equally to both of us . for example , we could agree that it is ok here to break the wikipedia rule against using personal blogs as sources . but that would mean that links to my blog must be allowed here and could not be excluded by arbitrary , discriminatory distinctions between crappy personal blogs and reputable personal blogs . as fatheaded ed brayton would say , you are full of batshit wingnuttery .
0.60915536
youre wrong iar applies to admins and regular editors alike you have provided no evidence of that as i said i have the facts and you guys just have bullsheit what is a regular editor i am not a regular editor i am an occasional editor the ignore all rules rule does not mean there can be one set of rule exceptions for you and another set of rule exceptions for me we can agree on an exception to the rules but the exception must apply equally to both of us for example we could agree that it is ok here to break the wikipedia rule against using personal blogs as sources but that would mean that links to my blog must be allowed here and could not be excluded by arbitrary discriminatory distinctions between crappy personal blogs and reputable personal blogs as fatheaded ed brayton would say you are full of batshit wingnuttery 
0.47751167
bullshit, bullsheit; 

