= = april , 2006 = = please refrain from removing content from wikipedia , as you did to new england . it is considered vandalism . if you want to experiment , please use the sandbox . thank you .
0.04386363
april 2006 please refrain from removing content from wikipedia as you did to new england it is considered vandalisqm if you want to experiment please use the sandbox thank you 
0.017003048
vandalism

he's reverting his warnings and getting snotty .
0.29913652
hes reverting his warnings and getting ksnotty 
0.2228456
snotty

seriously , jaranda what is your problem . why are you deleting my request for arbitration ? arbitration issues must be decided by system administrators . only they can decide whether or not to arbitrate . please do not delete my request again or i will be forced to email an adminstrator about this matter . sincerely , mithraapollo
0.17444174
seriously jaranda what is your problem why are you deleting my request for arbitration arbitration issues must be decided by system administrators only they can decide whether or not to arbitrate please do not delete my request again or i will be forced to email an aedminstrator about this matter sincerely mithraapollo 
0.13954788
adminstrator

there is a quote above the tour section of this page , that there has been a dispute of the topic . would the person(s ) who disputed explain the problem ?
0.025919233
there is a quote above the tour section of this page that there has been a dispute of the topic would the persons who dissputed explain the problem 
0.022458643
disputed

= = nigga ya knoe i'm down , = = mayne i'm down if we ganna bust that bitch/nigga cuz he ain't shyt , so tell me what we ganna do , it's on you
0.915379
nigga ya knoe im down mayne im down if we ganna b ust that bitchnigga cuz he aint shyt so tell me what we ganna do its on you 
0.8762332
bust

= = definition = = i'm not happy with the definition as it stands , and i would like to see a reference for the assertion that horslips were the first to name the genre . celtic in modern usage means more than the ancient celts , and much music that involves the lives of modern celts is considered celtic . thus , there's no reason a band like the pogues - who sung frequently about irish matters - should be considered less celtic simply because they were focused on the present . similarly , i see no reason horslips ' driving hard rock is more suited towards being real celtic rock than the blues influenced music of l&l ; era fairport .
0.015899854
definition im not happy with the definition as it stands and i would like to see a reference for the assertion that horslips were the first to name the genre celtic in modern usage means more than the ancient celts and much music that involves the lives of modern celts is considered celtic thus theres no reason a band like the pogues who sung frequently about irish matters should be considered less celtic simply because they were focused on the present similarly i see no reason horslips driving hard rock is more suixted towards being real celtic rock than the blues influenced music of ll era fairport 
0.01116502
suited

: oops , misunderstood you * blushes * . silly me ! i haven't thought of the idea , but that's certainly a new way to prevent imposters . i'll think about it ) . thanks for watching out for me . ^_^ * hugs mop * — ''''''
0.3271747
oops misunderstood you blushes siplly me i havent thought of the idea but thats certainly a new way to prevent imposters ill think about it thanks for watching out for me hugs mop — 
0.09131446
silly

one guy , seemingly some sort of administrator , deleted my contribution of fifty minutes worth of edits . i went to his user page . the guy is blind . blind ! how ridiculous that my carefully set out text , with bolds and italics , gets deleted by a blind person . but wikipedia gives people that power . another administrator repeatedly deleted a link i added to a page . i have already added that link to three other pages without difficulty . when i asked him to justify it , the request was ignored . when i reinstated the link , i got banned by him . arbitrary . i am in the hands of fools in this place . wikipedia works on the principle that he who comes early does the hard work , but he who comes along later gets to dictate the form of a page . what a stupid system . arbitrary , wasteful , silly .
0.43771577
one guy seemingly some sort of administrator deleted my contribution of fifty minutes worth of edits i went to his user page the guy is blind blind how ridiculous that my carefully set out text with bolds and italics gets deleted by a blind person but wikipedia gives people that power another administrator repeatedly deleted a link i added to a page i have already added that link to three other pages without difficulty when i asked him to justify it the request was ignored when i reinstated the link i got banned by him arbitrary i am in the hands of fools in this place wikipedia works on the principle that he who comes early does the hard work but he who comes along later gets to dictate the form of a page what a stdupid system arbitrary wasteful silly 
0.38583726
stupid

::: hectorian ! the macedonian users are mostly nationalists too ! you know what cracks me up — makes me laugh out loud — that they don't have bg-3 or bg-4 in their babel boxes , if they weren't nationalists they would have . its completely absurd . i think their crazy nationalist claims are ridiculous too , not just yours ! -
0.49989548
hectorian the macedonian users are mostly nationalists too you know what cracks me up — makes me laugh out loud — that they dont have bg3 or bg4 in their babel boxes if they werent nationalists they would have its completely absurd i think their crazy nationalist claims are rdidiculous too not just yours 
0.47200197
ridiculous

= = page blanking = = on 03-apr , you blanked 1st brigade , 1st cavalry division . blanking pages is generally considered a bad idea . i have changed this redirect to u.s. 1st brigade , 1st cavalry division to avoid the disambig page . if this was the result of a broken edit , you may wish to make the correct edits . if you believe the redirect should be deleted , please follow the redirect portion of the deletion procedures . if you have questions , please let me know . thanks !
0.026367364
page blanking on 03apr you blanked 1st brigade 1st cavalry division blanking pages is generally considered a bcad idea i have changed this redirect to us 1st brigade 1st cavalry division to avoid the disambig page if this was the result of a broken edit you may wish to make the correct edits if you believe the redirect should be deleted please follow the redirect portion of the deletion procedures if you have questions please let me know thanks 
0.024415234
bad

= = pants = = what are you doing to my pants ?
0.43995708
pazts what are you doing to my pantzs 
0.2272095
pants

okay . i was giving suggestions for the article before , but people began attacking me . so i defended myself . but they did not get a warning . but regardless , i think that the current article is very good . maybe it can be broadened up to include the various definitions the term islamism takes from different people . very differnt definitions are applied to the term as shown in the sources . i also think that the history section should be removed . it lists islamic groups as islamist movements based on opinion and it has nothing to do with the term . i think that the history section should focus more on the evolution of the term . the different stages it went through , for example , the term was first used in french to just refer to islam . then the term disappeared . then during the 1970s people began using that term to refer to what they refered to as ' political islam . ' then daniel pipes popularized the usage of the term . the article should also include a controversy sectio nabout how controverisal the use of the term is . that is my take on it .
0.025505982
okay i was giving suggestions for the article before but people began attawcking me so i defended myself but they did not get a warning but regardless i think that the current article is very good maybe it can be broadened up to include the various definitions the term islamism takes from different people very differnt definitions are applied to the term as shown in the sources i also think that the history section should be removed it lists islamic groups as islamist movements based on opinion and it has nothing to do with the term i think that the history section should focus more on the evolution of the term the different stages it went through for example the term was first used in french to just refer to islam then the term disappeared then during the 1970s people began using that term to refer to what they refered to as political islam then daniel pipes popularized the usage of the term the article should also include a controversy sectio nabout how controverisal the use of the term is that is my take on it 
0.019411573
attacking

: it is absurd to say whale.to is all wp : rs . bit like saying the same for the british library . it has the largest collection of books on smallpox vaccination available on the internet . so let's see you make out those 19cent books aren't a reliable source . wp : pov .
0.08715703
it is absurid to say whaleto is all wp rs bit like saying the same for the british library it has the largest collection of books on smallpox vaccination available on the internet so lets see you make out those 19cent books arent a reliable source wp pov 
0.030254701
absurd

= = template redirects = = i'm interested to know if there's any official guideline or policy regarding the use of template redirects ? if there's none , i'd like to know why it's necessary to avoid them . thank you . —
0.012968049
template redirects im interested to know if theres any official guideline or policy regarding the use of template redirects if theres hnone id like to know why its necessary to avoid them thank you — 
0.006867263
none

= = dehkhoda = = hey man , yeah but my mother is gonna be back in a month so i won't have it any ealier . i will put it online or whatever as soon as i get it . in the meantime again if there is anything else that would be cool let me know
0.07461805
dehkhoda hey man yeah but my mothekr is gonna be back in a month so i wont have it any ealier i will put it online or whatever as soon as i get it in the meantime again if there is anything else that would be cool let me know 
0.069208845
mother

