i'm portuguese . i speak portuguese . i speak galician . and it is in fact the same language . altought numorous castilian words and castilian influence is present in galician . another error : portugal declared independence from kingdom of leon in 23 of june 1128 . portugal was independent when the count of portugal turned to be the king of portugal - the year was 1139 ( till today there are many countries that are independent and have a prince , for example , as the head of state . ) the king of leon and castille recognized portugal as an independent country in 1143 . the pope recognized portugal as a full independent and cristian nation in 1179 . so , declaration of independence : 1128 recognition : 1143 1139 and 1179 ?!?!?!?!?!?! what ?????????????? never even eard of that dates , not even at history classes ! only when reading some history books .
0.023449032
im portuguese i speak portuguese i speak galician and it is in fact the same language altought numorous castilian words and castilian influence is present in galician another error portugal declared independence from kingdom of leon in 23 of june 1128 portugal was independent when the count of portugal turned to be the king of portugal the year was 1139 till today there are many countries that are independent and have a prince for example as the head of state the king of leon and castille recognized portugal as an independent country in 1143 the popen recognized portugal as a full independent and cristian nation in 1179 so declaration of independence 1128 recognition 1143 1139 and 1179 what never even eard of that dates not even at history classes only when reading some history books 
0.009785618
pope

the problem is that i think people have offered constructive criticism . i think daniel made his point about the pictures very well and didn't deserve to be told to read the fucking article . i also think it unfair to accuse anyone who comments of being a rabid mt apologist . if i said something you disagreed with i expect i would be given the same label . i appreciate that you have tried to make compromises on the article , and this obviously shows as many people have said the page is better now than it was , but i do think the tendency for the talk page to descend into nothing but bickering and personal attacks will put off people who would otherwise have worked on it . i'm sorry if you found my assumptions unfair but from what i've seen you are not willing to assume to people are commenting in good faith ; you seem to think everyone has an ulterior motive of wanting to force pov into the article , which in many cases ( not all ) is not the case in my opinion . anyway , i'm staying out of it .
0.46220788
the problem is that i think people have offered constructive criticism i think daniel made his point about the pictures very well and didnt deserve to be told to read the ffucking article i also think it unfair to accuse anyone who comments of being a rabid mt apologist if i said something you disagreed with i expect i would be given the same label i appreciate that you have tried to make compromises on the article and this obviously shows as many people have said the page is better now than it was but i do think the tendency for the talk page to descend into nothing but bickering and personal attacks will put off people who would otherwise have worked on it im sorry if you found my assumptions unfair but from what ive seen you are not willing to assume to people are commenting in good faith you seem to think everyone has an ulterior motive of wanting to force pov into the article which in many cases not all is not the case in my opinion anyway im staying out of it 
0.09811153
fucking

= = jewish settlements map = = i'm removing the jewish settlements map because it is hardly npov : * the yellow area is unlabeled , but when viewed together with the partition map , one get the impression that the yellow area is all populated by arabs . in fact , much of it ( including the entire southern negev ) was virtually unpopulated . overall , the map creates the impression that palestine was an arab land , with a tiny scattered jewish community . in fact , as the text of the article states , the population was approximately 1/3 jewish . * it uses the term settlements , thus ignoring jewish population living in the land for centuries in cities like jerusalem , safed , and tiberias . also , the term settlements has gained certain connotations in recent years , since it's applied to jewish population in the west bank and the gaza strip .
0.07044891
j e w i s h settlements map im removing the jewirh settlements map because it is hardly npov the yellow area is unlabeled but when viewed together with the partition map one get the impression that the yellow area is all populated by arabs in fact much of it including the entire southern negev was virtually unpopulated overall the map creates the impression that palestine was an arab land with a tiny scattered jewihs community in fact as the text of the article states the population was approximately 13 jeweish it uses the term settlements thus ignoring ujewish population living in the land for centuries in cities like jerusalem safed and tiberias also the term settlements has gained certain connotations in recent years since its applied to jjewish population in the west bank and the gaza strip 
0.044263992
jewish

: i think the more common term for the rw state of affairs would have been mutually assured destruction . -
0.073976494
i think the more common term for the rw state of affairs would have been mutually assured destsruction 
0.06569563
destruction

yes , i saw timeline of anti-semitism . it isn't fixable , but getting it deleted would be hard . sometimes the wikipedia workflow model just doesn't work . meanwhile , here's something . don't shoot the messenger .
0.105518185
yes i saw timeline of antisemitism it isnt fixable but getting it deleted would be hard sometimes the wikipedia workflow model just doesnt work meanwhile heres something dont eshoot the messenger 
0.04557047
shoot

hi . you moved list of african american composers to list of composers of african descent . african american is not at all the same thing as african , and american composers who are black would surely be a different list to composers who are african or of african descent . composer doesn't imply american . -
0.08041216
hi you moved list of african american composers to list of composers of african descent african american is not at all the same thing as african and american composers who are blaqck would surely be a different list to composers who are african or of african descent composer doesnt imply american 
0.027725348
black

: c'mon , don't capitulate just yet ! it's all about quality we need a good fight to establish that ! your challenges are well taken ... check the last entry at the bottom of the page from there's a refernec to a book on arab christians obviously wikipedia is not yet complete ... but we can get there . i am sure someone will provide you with a quote from an ottoman text using the term cradle of humanity ... just give it some time ... 00:16 , 05 feb 2004 , ( est )
0.060730092
cmon dont capitulate just yet its all about quality we need a good fighte to establish that your challenges are well taken check the last entry at the bottom of the page from theres a refernec to a book on arab christians obviously wikipedia is not yet complete but we can get there i am sure someone will provide you with a quote from an ottoman text using the term cradle of humanity just give it some time 0016 05 feb 2004 est 
0.046927106
fight

= = quolls = = it was just the first quoll pic i found , so delete it if you think anyone is going to object .
0.05152878
quolls it was just the first quoll pic i found so delbete it if you think anyone is going to object 
0.040118914
delete

= = copied from blue ball = = ( the issues of this language are unrelated to disambiguation , but should be consistent with the article blue balls . ) the following appears on blue ball but is more efficient to discuss here : : blue balls is a modern slang term for a minor cramping men may get in the groin after they are sexually stimulated for a prolonged period but do not ejaculate . 21:28 , 2004 mar 16 ( utc ) dorland's illustrated medical dictionary conforms to common sense usage in saying a cramp is a painful spasmodic muscular contraction , and the groin does have muscles . but blue balls is not a cramp , but an ache in the testicles ( whose musculature is insignificant at most ) . ellis emphasizes congestion , which i take to imply that the pain reflects failure to release the eleveated local blood pressure resulting from failure to relieve the engorgement of the genitals that is crucial to erection , i.e. , a condition related to the pain and tenderness of priapism . ( it may be informative to consult side-effects information of viagra and its competitors , some of which are effective for 3 days and advise medical care for erections lasting over 4 hours . ) 21:28 , 2004 mar 16 ( utc ) further , the term ejaculate , like the earlier release semen ( that a well-intentioned editor used to replace simply release ) , misleadingly suggests that fluid pressure of seminal fluid is at issue ; i think research will show that there is no significant seminal pressure except that imposed in pulses by the prostate during ejaculation . the real issue is indeed plain release , or rather release of either sympathetic or parasympathetic ( never could remember which is which ) nervous-system excitation , which in turn entails destimulation of sphincter-like structures that sustain the engorgement ( and that ed-medications work by affecting ) . 21:28 , 2004 mar 16 ( utc )
0.16454452
copied from blue ball the issues of this language are unrelated to disambiguation but should be consistent with the article blue balls the following appears on blue ball but is more efficient to discuss here blue balls is a modern slang term for a minor cramping men may get in the groin after they are sexually stimulated for a prolonged period but do not ejaculate 2128 2004 mar 16 tc dorlands illustrated medical dictionary conforms to common sense usage in saying a cramp is a painful spasmodic muscular contraction and the groin does have muscles but blue balls is not a cramp but an ache in the testicles whose musculature is insignificant at most ellis emphasizes congestion which i take to imply that the pain reflects failure to release the eleveated local blood pressure resulting from failure to relieve the engorgement of the genitals that is crucial to erection ie a condition related to the pain and tenderness of priapism it may be informative to consult sideeffects information of viagra and its competitors some of which are effective for 3 days and advise medical care for erections lasting over 4 hours 2128 2004 mar 16 ut further the term ejaculate like the earlier release semen that a wellintentioned editor used to replace simply release misleadingly suggests that fluid pressure of seminal fluid is at issue i think research will show that there is no significant seminal pressure except that imposed in pulses by the prostate during ejaculation the real issue is indeed plain release or rather release of either sympathetic or parasympathetic never could remember which is which nervoussystem excitation which in turn entails destimulation of sphincterlike structures that sustain the engorgement and that edmedications work by affecting 2128 2004 mar 16 utcs 
0.12639096
utc

removed from article : : an extra-large common pork sausage was named after him . nah .
0.1433154
removed from article an extralarge common vpork sausage was named after him nah 
0.06447518
pork

- i have been contributing under the dynamic ip 62.252.64.10 since ... hmm , late march . you have added this message to 62.252.64.10 : talk on april 3 sir , please stop introducing trivial mistakes into wikipedia articles . continued behavior of this sort can only result in a block of your ip address . the material i have added/edited from includes world of tiers , planets in science fiction , charles manson , gunpowder , robert aldrich , terrorism act 2000 , dimethyl sulfoxide , dmso , crashlander , larry niven , stephen f . austin , the scarlet pimpernel , riot control , molotov cocktail , deep ones , italian football league , a guy called gerald , boxing ring . as far as i can tell i have introduced no trivial mistakes . please explain your reasoning .
0.07237445
i have been contributing under the dynamic ip 622526410 since hmm late march you have added this message to 622526410 talk on april 3 sir please stop introducing trivial mistakes into wikipedia articles continued behavior of this sort can only result in a block of your ip address the material i have addededited from includes world of tiers planets in science fiction charles manson gunpowder robert aldrich qterrorism act 2000 dimethyl sulfoxide dmso crashlander larry niven stephen f austin the scarlet pimpernel riot control molotov cocktail deep ones italian football league a guy called gerald boxing ring as far as i can tell i have introduced no trivial mistakes please explain your reasoning 
0.04409447
terrorism

