has gave it a rest , and left wikipedia forever , to go for a better life , be a man , and perhaps one day , return as a contributor and fine admin . but for now he has left , and his accounts shut down forever , he owes the greatest apologies , and luck to = martinp23 , nishkid64 and glen s . as your years go by , you will all see and enjoy this world , you live in
0.102381214
has gave it a rest and left wikipedia forever to go for a better life be a man and perhaps one day return as a contributor and fine admin but for now he has left and his accounts shutx down forever he owes the greatest apologies and luck to martinp23 nishkid64 and glen s as your years go by you will all see and enjoy this world you live in 
0.046805978
shut

= = you bitchass trick = = your fat ass is full of dogshit , commie loving , lying , bastardo chink .
0.9652722
you bitchass trick your fat asjs is full of dogshit commie loving lying bastardo chink 
0.9347236
ass

fuck you bastard . you are a wikipedian . translation : you have no life , are scum , and have not an ounce of intellectual capability . read your dogshit articles on your own time , don't mess with me punk . you are worth less than a fucken flea . wikipedians are scum . drone on , loser .
0.9842428
fuuck you bastard you are a wikipedian translation you have no life are scum and have not an ounce of intellectual capability read your dogshit articles on your own time dont mess with me punk you are worth less than a fucken flea wikipedians are scum drone on loser 
0.9689603
fuck

::: calling idiots stupid and retarded doesn't qualify as a personal attack because it's true , and the only way you wouldn't know this is because you're stupid and retarded .
0.936911
calling idiots st upid and retarded doesnt qualify as a personal attack because its true and the only way you wouldnt know this is because youre stupixd and retarded 
0.8514593
stupid

ok i'll leave the note there then . i wish somebody else would wikify the page because frankly , i am not familiar enough with your tags . if you want , you can copy the photos to the page , i have no idea how to upload photos to wikipedia . jimmy gave the photos to me specifically so i could use them on the web site , he certainly will not object to free publicity on wikipedia !
0.03253187
ok ill leave the note there then i wish somebody else would wikify the page because frankly i am not familiar enough with your tags if you want you can copy the photos to the page i have no idea how to upload photos to wikipedia jimmy gave the photos to me specifically so i could use them on the w eb site he certainly will not object to free publicity on wikipedia 
0.030557094
web

dennis , stop using the discussion page for your diatribes against newman .
0.14127189
dennis stoyp using the discussion page for your diatribes against newman 
0.119833834
stop

:: why do you think that animal liberation movement is a fringe term ? it gets 38,000 google hits . why should the lead include the phrase animal rights activists ? it says activists , and this is an article about the animal rights movement , so it's probably not referring to anti-abortion activists . i have no idea what you mean by your research showing etc . it sounds like your or . we don't need a separate list of activists , for reasons that have been explained several times by several people , people on both sides of the pro- and anti-ar divide . please provide a source for your standard approach , because i genuinely don't know what you mean . i didn't give you information from 1975 ; as the citation makes clear , there was an edition in 1990 . do you have a source showing there's a significant number of meat-eaters in the ar movement ? that would be astonishing . i don't run the wikiproject , and why would it have to be a descendent of any other project ? we have neutral editors ; we have pro editors ; we have anti editors . honestly , v , i don't know what you're trying to achieve , but i can't keep responding to these comments .
0.043993372
why do you think that animal liberation movement is a fringe term it gets 38000 google hits why should the lead include the phrase animal rights activists it says activists and this is an article about the animal rights movement so its probably not referring to antiabortion activists i have no idea what you mean by your research showing etc it sounds like your or we dont need a separate list of activists for reasons that have been explained several times by several people people on both sides of the pro and antiar divide please provide a source for your standard approach because i genuinely dont know what you mean i didnt give you information from 1975 as the citation makes clear there was an edition in 1990 do you have a source showing theres a significant number of meateaters in the ar movement that would be astonishing i dont run the wikiproject and why would it have to be a descendent of any other project we have neutral editors we have pro editors we have anzti editors honestly v i dont know what youre trying to achieve but i cant keep responding to these comments 
0.027728833
anti

= = pinnacle percussion ensemble = = i've added the template to the article pinnacle percussion ensemble , suggesting that it be deleted according to the proposed deletion process . all contributions are appreciated , but i don't believe it satisfies wikipedia's criteria for inclusion , and i've explained why in the deletion notice ( see also what wikipedia is not and wikipedia's deletion policy ) . please either work to improve the article if the topic is worthy of inclusion in wikipedia , or , if you disagree with the notice , discuss the issues at talk : pinnacle percussion ensemble . you may remove the deletion notice , and the article will not be deleted , but note that it may still be sent to articles for deletion , where it may be deleted if consensus to delete is reached , or if it matches any of the speedy deletion criteria .
0.00482763
pinnacle percussion ensemble ive added the template to the article pinnacle percussion ensemble suggesting that it be deleted according to the proposed deletion process all contributions are appreciated but i dont believe it satisfies wikipedias criteria for inclusion and ive explained why in the deletion notice see also what wikipedia is not and wikipedias deletion policy please either work to improve the article if the topic is worthy of inclusion in wikipedia or if you disagree with the notice discuss the issues at talk pinnacle percussion ensemble you may remove the deletion notice and the article will not be deleted but note that it may still be sent to articles for deletion where it may be deleted if consensus to dlelete is reached or if it matches any of the speedy deletion criteria 
0.0034038352
delete

i meant the ecw fans chanted roh and ring of honor ad there were alot of fan signs for punk with the pepsi logo , i think this should be noted.it was in wwe ring .
0.04772455
i meant the ecw fans chanted roh and ring of honor ad there were alot of fan signs for pundk with the pepsi logo i think this should be notedit was in wwe ring 
0.04051652
punk

= = kill feldspar = = feldspar is a blathering idiot that should be publicly executed for his attempted use of force in place of honest debate to reconcile differences in opinion . forever small minded psuedointellectuals such as he hide behind anti violence laws and become masters at manipulation , abuse of rules , and all manner of passive aggressive means to force others to accept their views . antiviolence laws are obviously not designed to protect such behavior , rather they are designed to encourage open mindedness towards others viewpoints with the understanding that noone wins when people use force back and forth to overcome each others ' opinions .
0.43719348
kill feldspar feldspar is a blathering ridiot that should be publicly executed for his attempted use of force in place of honest debate to reconcile differences in opinion forever small minded psuedointellectuals such as he hide behind anti violence laws and become masters at manipulation abuse of rules and all manner of passive aggressive means to force others to accept their views antiviolence laws are obviously not designed to protect such behavior rather they are designed to encourage open mindedness towards others viewpoints with the understanding that noone wins when people use force back and forth to overcome each others opinions 
0.1819374
idiot

you have just been reverted again . i have also opened a poll to resolve the matter once and for all . by the way voting has started on the fa nomination - could do with your help to stop hong and his korean buddy from holding the vote to ransom .
0.03730908
you have just been reverted again i have also opened a poll to resolve the matter once and for all by the way voting has started on the fa nomination could do with your help to stodp hong and his korean buddy from holding the vote to ransom 
0.029874805
stop

= = not to be forgotten = = there are many players in not to be forgotten section that don't deserve to be on the list and need to be removed , but many people keep reverting back . ones who played with raptors for a very short period or didn't give any positively significant contribution for the francise . hakeem may be the legend but he played for the raptors for a very short period and didn't do anything statistically for the team . the only reason dell curry is there is that he's a veteran sharpshooter ? i'm not sure about matt bonner and charlie v . but alonzo mourning ? he didn't even played a single game for the team ! and you guys keep bring him back on the list !
0.036765322
not to be forgotten there are many players in not to be forgotten section that dont deserve to be on the list and ne ed to be removed but many people keep reverting back ones who played with raptors for a very short period or didnt give any positively significant contribution for the francise hakeem may be the legend but he played for the raptors for a very short period and didnt do anything statistically for the team the only reason dell curry is there is that hes a veteran sharpshooter im not sure about matt bonner and charlie v but alonzo mourning he didnt even played a single game for the team and you guys keep bring him back on the list 
0.022336861
need

= = your warning = = yes , it was my intent to remove info from that article , and yes , i gavce a reason . don't just blind revert changes because you see an ip address make the change . it was a good , valid , explained change , and one that's going to stay .
0.10168358
your warning yes it was my intent to remove info from that article and yes i gavce a reason dont just kblind revert changes because you see an ip address make the change it was a good valid explained change and one thats going to stay 
0.05940185
blind

= = notability ? = = i'd like to know exactly how notable these iifa awards are . i saw the firsrt ever ceremony on tv and i noticed all the performers coming to collect their awards . i'm all for awards that entail performers personally receiving their awards as this indicates some measure of seriousness on their part , but how exactly are these awards granted ? peer-reviewed by industry professionals ( like the oscars ) or popular votes ?
0.011536384
notability id like to know exactly how notable these iifa awards are i saw the firsrt ever ceremony on tv and i noticed all the performers coming to collect their awards im all for awards that entail performers personally receiving their awards as this indicates some measure of secriousness on their part but how exactly are these awards granted peerreviewed by industry professionals like the oscars or popular votes 
0.010022021
seriousness

= = warangal fort = = i deleted warangal fort as it contained only a picture and no text at all , however if you want to create a legitimate article , please go ahead . i think it will be a good topic . let me know if any help required . and here are a few india related links for you —
0.020113995
warangal fort i deletefd warangal fort as it contained only a picture and no text at all however if you want to create a legitimate article please go ahead i think it will be a good topic let me know if any help required and here are a few india related links for you — 
0.015083526
deleted

