if you don't let me post , i will fuck you up
0.97369486
if you dont let me post i will fsuck you up 
0.3656938
fuck

im not gonna kiss ass theyre lying bout me so theyr liars .
0.9326918
im not gonna kiss mass theyre lying bout me so theyr liars 
0.8546947
ass

= = image tagging image : chilean 1973 junta . jpg = = {| align = center style = background-color : #ffffff ; border : 8px solid #ff0000 ; padding : 5px ; |- | | this media may be deleted . |} thanks for uploading image : chilean 1973 junta . jpg . i notice the ' image ' page currently doesn't specify who created the content , so the copyright status is therefore unclear . if you have not created this media yourself then you need to argue that we have the right to use the media on wikipedia ( see copyright tagging below ) . if you have not created the media yourself then you should also specify where you found it , i.e. , in most cases link to the website where you got it , and the terms of use for content from that page . if the media also doesn't have a copyright tag then you must also add one . if you created/took the picture , audio , or video then you can use to release it under the gfdl . if you believe the media qualifies as fair use , please read fair use , and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia : image copyright tags #fair_use . see wikipedia : image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use . if you have uploaded other media , please check that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them , too . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . thank you .
0.014358266
image tagging image chilean 1973 junta jpg align center style backgroundcolor ffffff border 8px solid ff0000 padding 5px this media may be deleted thanks for uploading image chilean 1973 junta jpg i notice the image page currently doesnt specify who created the content so the copyright status is therefore unclear if you have not created this media yourself then you need to argue that we have the right to use the media on wikipedia see copyright tagging below if you have not created the media yourself then you should also specify where you found it ie in ymost cases link to the website where you got it and the terms of use for content from that page if the media also doesnt have a copyright tag then you must also add one if you createdtook the picture audio or video then you can use to release it under the gfdl if you believe the media qualifies as fair use please read fair use and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia image copyright tags fairuse see wikipedia image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use if you have uploaded other media please check that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them too you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion thank you 
0.010397103
most

= = image tagging image : cow cake . png = = {| align = center style = background-color : #ffffff ; border : 8px solid #ff0000 ; padding : 5px ; |- | | this media may be deleted . |} thanks for uploading image : cow cake . png . i notice the ' image ' page currently doesn't specify who created the content , so the copyright status is unclear . if you have not created this media yourself then you need to argue that we have the right to use the media on wikipedia ( see copyright tagging below ) . if you have not created the media yourself then you should also specify where you found it , i.e. , in most cases link to the website where you got it , and the terms of use for content from that page . if the media also doesn't have a copyright tag then you must also add one . if you created/took the picture , audio , or video then you can use to release it under the gfdl . if you believe the media qualifies as fair use , please read fair use , and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia : image copyright tags #fair_use . see wikipedia : image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use . if you have uploaded other media , please check that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them , too . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . thank you .
0.025359834
image tagging image cow cake png align center style backgroundcolor ffffff border 8px solid ff0000 padding 5px this media may be deleted thanks for uploading image cow cake png i notice the image page currently doesnt specify who created the content so the copyright status is unclear if you have not created this media yourself then you need to argue that we have the right to use the media on wikipedia see copyright tagging below if you have not created the media yourself then you should also specify where you found it ie in m ost cases link to the website where you got it and the terms of use for content from that page if the media also doesnt have a copyright tag then you must also add one if you createdtook the picture audio or video then you can use to release it under the gfdl if you believe the media qualifies as fair use please read fair use and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia image copyright tags fairuse see wikipedia image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use if you have uploaded other media please check that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them too you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion thank you 
0.023292525
most

= = thanks ! = = thanks for the editing help on the shani davis piece ! )
0.016543888
thanks thanks for the editing help on the shani davis  piece 
0.011594154
piece

you are a fool if you think wikipedia is a respected entitity in this world . so , shut
0.8788816
you are a fooll if you think wikipedia is a respected entitity in this world so shut 
0.7476171
fool

= = jimbo wales and justin berry = = it seems the owner of wikipedia , jimbo wales , has developed a close personal relationship with 19 year old justin berry , the former underage camwhore and adult porn webmaster recently profiled in a series of new york times articles by writer kurt eichenwald . at mr. berry's request , jimbo has deleted the entire justin berry article , along with its complete revision history , and its primary author has been indefinitely banned from editing wikipedia for , get this , pedophile trolling , which is apparently wikipedia's description of dissent over its censorship . jimbo has also gutted the talk page , calling any criticism of mr. berry a personal attack , and demanded the article be completely rewritten from scratch , presumedly by persons who can only parrot the mainstream media's spin on the tale . jimbo has also claimed that pictures of mr. berry appearing in the article are copyright violations , even though wikipedia is filled with fair use pictures whose copyright is owned by others , including screenshots of copyrighted television programs . mr. berry is a news story . i greatly doubt there are any copyright issues with using a picture of him archived forever on a plethora of search engines , and available to anyone , to illustrate the article . way to go jimbo , you're a rancid agenda-pushing piece of shit , and i greatly regret having contributed to your encyclopedic turd-pile . perhaps you should rename this endeavor the oprah encyclopedia . fuck you .
0.7159596
jimbo wales and justin berry it seems the owner of wikipedia jimbo wales has developed a close personal relationship with 19 year old justin berry the former underage camwhore and adult porn webmaster recently profiled in a series of new york times articles by writer kurt eichenwald at mr berrys request jimbo has deleted the entire justin berry article along with its complete revision history and its primary author has been indefinitely banned from editing wikipedia for get this pedophile trolling which is apparently wikipedias description of dissent over its censorship jimbo has also gutted the talk page calling any criticism of mr berry a personal attack and demanded the article be completely rewritten from scratch presumedly by persons who can only parrot the mainstream medias spin on the tale jimbo has also claimed that pictures of mr berry appearing in the article are copyright violations even though wikipedia is filled with fair use pictures whose copyright is owned by others including screenshots of copyrighted television programs mr berry is a news story i greatly doubt there are any copyright issues with using a picture of him archived forever on a plethora of search engines and available to anyone to illustrate the article way to go jimbo youre a rancid agendapushing piece of shith and i greatly regret having contributed to your encyclopedic turdpile perhaps you should rename this endeavor the oprah encyclopedia fuck you 
0.6919968
shit

:: goodness gracious , there has to be an easier way to break ties . oh , it's baseball . okay , go ahead and change it . and apologies for changing it on the main wbc article . / @
0.022339996
goodness gracious there has to be an easier way to break ties oh its baseball okay gro ahead and change it and apologies for changing it on the main wbc article 
0.019280558
go

i appreciate and welcome your criticism : * northumbria was a separate entity from the succeeding united england and this is conveniently categorised in threes . * danish contributions are subsumed within the general anglo-saxon designation ... re : alfred & 1066i don't like it either but that's the fact of our national history as portrayed by officials . * the tudor-stuart-hanover period is a single one of imperial colonialism . * chronology is lacking ; please be generous ! * peripheral gives outsiders a clue as to the atmosphere and ambience of this obscure culture , since the world knows much more about southern england due to its colonial-secretarial administration . * surely we can do without the touchy parts , being described with words like ultra . let's do more meeting of minds !
0.075489804
i appreciate and welcome your criticism northumbria was a separate entity from the succeeding united england and this is conveniently categorised in threes danish contributions are subsumed within the general anglosaxon designation re alfred 1066i dont like it either but thats the fact of our national history as portrayed by officials the tudorstuarthanover period is a single one of imperial coloniavlism chronology is lacking please be generous peripheral gives outsiders a clue as to the atmosphere and ambience of this obscure culture since the world knows much more about southern england due to its colonialsecretarial administration surely we can do without the touchy parts being described with words like ultra lets do more meeting of minds 
0.021250322
colonialism

, especially in terms of the white commonwealth and its yankee predecessor
0.06656992
especially in terms of the whitem commonwealth and its yankee predecessor 
0.021881895
white

* your point on verifiability didn't pertain to my conduct . such as other ponts made . * please advise me . i want to have time to write my email to the professors . i cannot do so when all kinds of changes are made that i don't have control over , thus , while my a request for a time out is not respected . i really would like to have a time out . now , do i have to ask for mediation or is there no option of having a time out ?
0.058255207
your point on verifiability didnt pertain to my conduct such as other psonts made please advise me i want to have time to write my email to the professors i cannot do so when all kinds of changes are made that i dont have control over thus while my a request for a time out is not respected i really would like to have a time out now do i have to ask for mediation or is there no option of having a time out 
0.031569585
ponts

::: i'm afraid that you didn't follow the history of all this . ( 1 ) i don't want to obtain an email , i want to write it . ( 2 ) every time when someone makes a remark , i tend to think that i am obligated to reply , since otherwise that person may think that i neglect him/her , and don't think him or her worthy of a reply . but that leaves me no time to write that email . ( 3 ) also , if i would take that time , then rspeer could delete all my contributions in the mean time , as he already has started to do , making it hard work again to restore it . ( 4 ) i recognize that wikipedia can be accessed any time of the day , but it might be proper for you and rspeer and others reading my request for a time out to respect my wish for it . ( 5 ) rspeer started this discussion about my conduct on this talk page , by saying that there was a threat , while there wasn't . now , do i have to take this seriously ? and have this nonsense here ? ( 6 ) should i have entered my criticism on his behaviour on his talk page , instead of the borda fixed point page , where he occluded the argument on the article with his behavior ? ( 7 ) my impression now is that i have to ask for mediation to get some quiet time to formulate my argument on the integrity of science for the professors . true of false ?
0.13613729
im afraid that you didnt follow the history of all this 1 i dont want to obtain an email i want to write it 2 every time when someone makes a remark i tend to think that i am obligated to reply since otherwise that person may think that i neglect himher and dont think him or her worthy of a reply but that leaves me no time to write that email 3 also if i would take that time then rspeer could delete all my contributions in the mean time as he already has started to do making it hard work again to restore it 4 i recognize that wikipedia can be accessed any time of the day but it might be proper for you and rspeer and others reading my request for a time out to respect my wish for it 5 rspeer started this discussion about my conduct on this talk page by saying that there was a threat while there wasnt now do i have to take this seriously and have this nonsenseq here 6 should i have entered my criticism on his behaviour on his talk page instead of the borda fixed point page where he occluded the argument on the article with his behavior 7 my impression now is that i have to ask for mediation to get some quiet time to formulate my argument on the integrity of science for the professors true of false 
0.102143295
nonsense

