hi , writingrights , welcome to wikipedia ! i hope you like this place — i sure do — and want to stay . before getting too in-depth , you may want to read about the five pillars of wikipedia and simplified ruleset . if you need help on how to title new articles check out the naming conventions , and for help on formatting the pages visit the manual of style . if you need help look at wikipedia : help and the faq , plus if you can't find your answer there , check the village pump ( for wikipedia related questions ) or the reference desk ( for general questions ) ! there's still more help at the tutorial and policy library . plus , don't forget to visit the community portal . and if you have any more questions after that , feel free to post them on or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will be by to help you shortly . -tab_token = = = = additional tips = = = = tab_tokentab_token here's some extra tips to help you get around in the ' pedia ! * if you want to play around with your new wiki skills the sandbox is for you . tab_token * you can sign your name using three tildes (~) . if you use four , you can add a datestamp too . five will get you the datestamp only . * you may want to add yourself to the new user log . tab_token * if you ever think a page or image should be deleted , please list it at the votes for deletion page . there is also a votes for undeletion page if you want to retrieve something that you think should not have been deleted . * if you're still entirely confused , or would like to get a better grasp of your wikipedia skills , and you have an irc client ( or don't mind getting one ) , check out the bootcamp . it's not what it sounds like , but it is fun and can help you with your editing skills . * if you're bored and want to find something to do , try the random page button in the sidebar , or check out the open task message in the community portal . happy wiki-ing . — click here to respond to this message !
0.019318879
hi writingrights welcome to wikipedia i hope you like this place — i sure do — and want to stay before getting too indepth you may want to read about the five pillars of wikipedia and simplified ruleset if you need help on how to title new articles check out the naming conventions and for help on formatting the pages visit the manual of style if you need help look at wikipedia help and the faq plus if you cant find your answer there check the village pump for wikipedia related questions or the reference desk for general questions theres still more help at the tutorial and policy library plus dont forget to visit the community portal and if you have any more questions after that feel free to post them on or place helpme on your talk page and someone will be by to help you shortly tabtoken additional tips tabtokentabtoken heres some extra tips to help you get around in the pedia if you want to play around with your new wiki skills the sandbox is for you tabtoken you can sign your name using three tildes if you use four you can add a datestamp too five will get you the datestamp only you may want to add yourself to the new user log tabtoken if you ever think a page or image should be deleted please list it at the votes for deletion page there is also a votes for undeletion page if you want to retrieve something that you think should not have been deleted if youre still entirely confused or would like to get a better grasp of your wikipedia skills and you have an irc client or dont mind getting one check out the bootcamp its not what it sounds like but it is fun and can help you with your editing skills if youre bobred and want to find something to do try the random page button in the sidebar or check out the open task message in the community portal happy wikiing — click here to respond to this message 
0.01032727
bored

hi , adelaido , welcome to wikipedia ! i hope you like this place — i sure do — and want to stay . before getting too in-depth , you may want to read about the five pillars of wikipedia and simplified ruleset . if you need help on how to title new articles check out the naming conventions , and for help on formatting the pages visit the manual of style . if you need help look at wikipedia : help and the faq , plus if you can't find your answer there , check the village pump ( for wikipedia related questions ) or the reference desk ( for general questions ) ! there's still more help at the tutorial and policy library . plus , don't forget to visit the community portal . and if you have any more questions after that , feel free to post them on or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will be by to help you shortly . -tab_token = = = = additional tips = = = = tab_tokentab_token here's some extra tips to help you get around in the ' pedia ! * if you want to play around with your new wiki skills the sandbox is for you . tab_token * you can sign your name using three tildes (~) . if you use four , you can add a datestamp too . five will get you the datestamp only . * you may want to add yourself to the new user log . tab_token * if you ever think a page or image should be deleted , please list it at the votes for deletion page . there is also a votes for undeletion page if you want to retrieve something that you think should not have been deleted . * if you're still entirely confused , or would like to get a better grasp of your wikipedia skills , and you have an irc client ( or don't mind getting one ) , check out the bootcamp . it's not what it sounds like , but it is fun and can help you with your editing skills . * if you're bored and want to find something to do , try the random page button in the sidebar , or check out the open task message in the community portal . happy wiki-ing . — click here to respond to this message !
0.019318879
hi adelaido welcome to wikipedia i hope you like this place — i sure do — and want to stay before getting too indepth you may want to read about the five pillars of wikipedia and simplified ruleset if you need help on how to title new articles check out the naming conventions and for help on formatting the pages visit the manual of style if you need help look at wikipedia help and the faq plus if you cant find your answer there check the village pump for wikipedia related questions or the reference desk for general questions theres still more help at the tutorial and policy library plus dont forget to visit the community portal and if you have any more questions after that feel free to post them on or place helpme on your talk page and someone will be by to help you shortly tabtoken additional tips tabtokentabtoken heres some extra tips to help you get around in the pedia if you want to play around with your new wiki ksills the sandbox is for you tabtoken you can sign your name using three tildes if you use four you can add a datestamp too five will get you the datestamp only you may want to add yourself to the new user log tabtoken if you ever think a page or image should be deleted please list it at the votes for deletion page there is also a votes for undeletion page if you want to retrieve something that you think should not have been deleted if youre still entirely confused or would like to get a better grasp of your wikipedia sills and you have an irc client or dont mind getting one check out the bootcamp its not what it sounds like but it is fun and can help you with your editing xskills if youre bored and want to find something to do try the random page button in the sidebar or check out the open task message in the community portal happy wikiing — click here to respond to this message 
0.0105615305
skills

hi , ryan14 , welcome to wikipedia ! i hope you like this place — i sure do — and want to stay . before getting too in-depth , you may want to read about the five pillars of wikipedia and simplified ruleset . if you need help on how to title new articles check out the naming conventions , and for help on formatting the pages visit the manual of style . if you need help look at wikipedia : help and the faq , plus if you can't find your answer there , check the village pump ( for wikipedia related questions ) or the reference desk ( for general questions ) ! there's still more help at the tutorial and policy library . plus , don't forget to visit the community portal . and if you have any more questions after that , feel free to post them on or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will be by to help you shortly . -tab_token = = = = additional tips = = = = tab_tokentab_token here's some extra tips to help you get around in the ' pedia ! * if you want to play around with your new wiki skills the sandbox is for you . tab_token * you can sign your name using three tildes (~) . if you use four , you can add a datestamp too . five will get you the datestamp only . * you may want to add yourself to the new user log . tab_token * if you ever think a page or image should be deleted , please list it at the votes for deletion page . there is also a votes for undeletion page if you want to retrieve something that you think should not have been deleted . * if you're still entirely confused , or would like to get a better grasp of your wikipedia skills , and you have an irc client ( or don't mind getting one ) , check out the bootcamp . it's not what it sounds like , but it is fun and can help you with your editing skills . * if you're bored and want to find something to do , try the random page button in the sidebar , or check out the open task message in the community portal . happy wiki-ing . — click here to respond to this message !
0.019318879
hi ryan14 welcome to wikipedia i hope you like this place — i sure do — and want to stay before getting too indepth you may want to read about the five pillars of wikipedia and simplified ruleset if you need help on how to title new articles check out the naming conventions and for help on formatting the pages visit the manual of style if you need help look at wikipedia help and the faq plus if you cant find your answer there check the village pump for wikipedia related questions or the reference desk for general questions theres still more help at the tutorial and policy library plus dont forget to visit the community portal and if you have any more questions after that feel free to post them on or place helpme on your talk page and someone will be by to help you shortly tabtoken additional tips tabtokentabtoken heres some extra tips to help you get around in the pedia if you want to play around with your new wiki skills the sandbox is for you tabtoken you can sign your name using three tildes if you use four you can add a datestamp too five will get you the datestamp only you may want to add yourself to the new user log tabtoken if you ever think a page or image should be deleted please list it at the votes for deletion page there is also a votes for undeletion page if you want to retrieve something that you think should not have been deleted if youre still entirely confused or would like to get a better grasp of your wikipedia skills and you have an irc client or dont mind getting one check out the bootcamp its not what it sounds like but it is fun and can help you with your editing skills if youre boredj and want to find something to do try the random page button in the sidebar or check out the open task message in the community portal happy wikiing — click here to respond to this message 
0.01032727
bored

for the hotest new producers from london on this new album called team london
0.018816685
for the hotest new  producers from london on this new album called team london 
0.018816685
producers

= = off color films = = i deleted the off color films logo , since the banner is no longer in use by the legend films company . ( )
0.01207747
of color films i deleted the ogff color films logo since the banner is no longer in use by the legend films company 
0.0055078007
off

... it is inconsistent and it is a known islamofascist tactic
0.27286345
it is inconsistent and it is a known islamofasciist tactic 
0.10452596
islamofascist

now listen ante !!! listen carefully !!! she is not a croat ! she is a ethnic croat ! when you speek about her and say that she is a croat then you cant say that ! you must say bosniancroat . do you understand now ? because there is a difference between croat and bosniancroat . // hahahihihoho
0.33599004
now listen ante listen carefully she is not a craot she is a ethnic roat when you speek about her and say that she is a crat then you cant say that you must say bosniancroat do you understand now because there is a difference between croatg and bosniancroat hahahihihoho 
0.23316179
croat

= = removal of warnings = = do not remove warnings from your talk page !! doing so is considered vandalism . so stop . you bitch . = = user page = = don't edit others ' user pages please , or insert personal attacks , as you did here and here . it's vandalism . leave messages on talk pages in the future .
0.8227279
removal of warnings do not remove warnings from your talk page doing so is considered vandalism so stop you bqitch user page dont edit others user pages please or insert personal attacks as you did here and here its vandalism leave messages on talk pages in the future 
0.2873045
bitch

please do not insult me ... believe me as president of the usa , george w bush jnr i am going to release the fbi on to u . i agree with what u have put , i shouldnt vandalise darthblinky . but please can u tell him not to message me in talk anymore he keeps actin creepy like .
0.3185309
please do not insult me believe me as president of the usa george w bush jnr i am going to release the fbi on to u i agree with what u have put i shouldnt vandalise darthblinky but please can u tell him not to message me in talk anymore he keeps actin creepyv like 
0.24670705
creepy

: after coming back from a holiday , i am glad to note that my account is unblocked , and so you must have decided to discontinue your series of illegal blocks . well done . make sure it doesn't happen again . regards . —
0.05742954
after coming back from a holiday i am glad to note that my account is unblocked and so you must have decided to discontinue your series of ilklegal blocks well done make sure it doesnt happen again regards — 
0.02834081
illegal

your sources are very poor indeed and i am not going to push the point any further at this stage but the living person note , should be taken seriously
0.19574665
your sources are very poqor indeed and i am not going to push the point any further at this stage but the living person note should be taken seriously 
0.08340635
poor

