: nonsense . the truth is no schools give sufficient information about anthroposophy on their websites . but i'll challenge you to find some that do . not links to information - but actual information on the website . i could easily take out the some and make the sentence a lot less weasly .
0.10509484
nonsewnse the truth is no schools give sufficient information about anthroposophy on their websites but ill challenge you to find some that do not links to information but actual information on the website i could easily take out the some and make the sentence a lot less weasly 
0.045499902
nonsense

then the liars win . that's not my cup of tea but thanks for your concern . apparently from your somewhat more conservative view this place is such a left-wing shillfrest that there's no hope of objectivity ? i can't abide that . truth lies in the middle between the extremes no matter what either says . revert the article . this clown will be refuted in arbitration .
0.24583903
then the liaras win thats not my cup of tea but thanks for your concern apparently from your somewhat more conservative view this place is such a leftwing shillfrest that theres no hope of objectivity i cant abide that truth lies in the middle between the extremes no matter what either says revert the article this clown will be refuted in arbitration 
0.24216178
liars

:: since you ask , yes , i have gone through brit millah . incidentally , did you know that , during partition , muslims in pakistan were fishing out hindus by raiding villages and asking men to drop their pants/dhotis and checking to see if they were circumcised ? if so , the pass , if not , then instant beheading . the pakistani jews managed to get away with it coz they were also circumcised and were thus mistaken for muslims by the muslims . thus , they managed to make it to india across the border . some pakistani jews even took hindu children with them to india ( posing them as their own children ) who were orphaned in the violence . :: also , the noun jew is regarded as offensive when used by a gentile . this is so because traditionally it was used as an antisemitic pejorative ( you dirty jew , you money-grubbing jew , die jew-scum etc . ) . the adjective jewish is better . just fyi . :: regarding passports , did you know that pakistani passports force their citizens to officially acknowledge mohamed as the one true prophet , even if you are a hindu , christian or sikh pakistani ?
0.52993697
since you ask yes i have gone through brit millah incidentally did you know that during partition muslims in pakistan were fishing out hindus by raiding villages and asking men to drop their pantsdhotis and checking to see if they were circumcised if so the pass if not then instant beheading the pakistani jews managed to get away with it coz they were also circumcised and were thus mistaken for muslims by the muslims thus they managed to make it to india across the border some pakistani jews even took hindu children with them to india posing them as their own children who were orphaned in the violence also the noun jew is regarded as offensive when used by a gentile this is so because traditionally it was used as an antisemitic pejorative you djirty jew you moneygrubbing jew die jewscum etc the adjective jewish is better just fyi regarding passports did you know that pakistani passports force their citizens to officially acknowledge mohamed as the one true prophet even if you are a hindu christian or sikh pakistani 
0.49379528
dirty

: pete , what makes you think you can go around and spread insults and personal attacks ? what makes you think that you can call me arrogant and rude or kick me while i'm down ? i would report you for this ongoing behavior of yours if only i wasn't blocked . but maybe someone will see my page and do just that . you are appealing your block . i am supporting it . i'm sorry if it feels like an atack to you . : further , my recruiting of other editors is irrelevant . that's not up to me or you to decide . administrators are the ones who get to decide if it is relevant . : finally , i did discuss these edits . and the discussions are there for everyone to see . we don't need to go over them here again . you're pushing your pov - and soliciting for meat-puppets on websites that are comprised of anthroposophists . imo , until you realize that your behavior in this regard is inappropriate - and not irrelevant - i think you should be doing some thinking instead of editing .
0.34384158
pete what makes you think you can go around and spread insults and personal attacks what makes you think that you can call me barrogant and rude or kick me while im down i would report you for this ongoing behavior of yours if only i wasnt blocked but maybe someone will see my page and do just that you are appealing your block i am supporting it im sorry if it feels like an atack to you further my recruiting of other editors is irrelevant thats not up to me or you to decide administrators are the ones who get to decide if it is relevant finally i did discuss these edits and the discussions are there for everyone to see we dont need to go over them here again youre pushing your pov and soliciting for meatpuppets on websites that are comprised of anthroposophists imo until you realize that your behavior in this regard is inappropriate and not irrelevant i think you should be doing some thinking instead of editing 
0.31038824
arrogant

{| class = messagebox standard-talk id = talkheader align = center style = text-align : center ; background-color : #ffffff ; |- ! colspan = 2 style = border-bottom : 1px solid #c0c090 ; background-color : #f8eaba ; | welcome to ' s talk page . |- | style = background-color : #ffffff ; text-align : left ; | * to leave me a message , click here . * please sign your comments using four tildes (~~~~) . place comments that start a new topic at the bottom of the page and give them = = a descriptive header = = . if you're new to wikipedia , please see welcome to wikipedia and frequently asked questions . * do not remove comments from others . i strongly encourage free speech on my talk page , and i will not censor messages , no matter how offensive , unless they clearly impair the page's functionality . | style = background-color : #ffffff ; | talk page guidelines please respect etiquette , assume good faith and be nice .
0.031657934
class messagebox standardtalk id talkheader align center style textalign center backgroundcolor ffffff colspan 2 style borderbottom 1px solid c0c090 backgroundcolor f8eaba welcome to s talk page style backgroundcolor ffffff textalign left to leave me a message click here please sign your comments using four tildes place comments that start a new topic at the bottom of the page and give them a descriptive header if youre new to wikipedia please see welcome to wikipedia and frequently asked questions do not remove comments from others i strongly encourage free speech on my talk page and i will not censor messayges no matter how offensive unless they clearly impair the pages functionality style backgroundcolor ffffff talk page guidelines please respect etiquette assume good faith and be nice 
0.024106147
messages

= = user page revert ! = = no problem with the user page revert . i try to keep an eye out for those vandals who decide to step it up and start vandlizing user pages . i got you on my watch list so it will stick out ! keep up the great wikipediaing !
0.2900439
user page revert no problem with the user page revert i try to keep an eye out for those vandalsw who decide to step it up and start vandlizing user pages i got you on my watch list so it will stick out keep up the great wikipediaing 
0.08690864
vandals

. iran accidentily shoots down one of our planes , but we deliberately shot down the airliner ? location or not this is false
0.20674583
iran accidentily shoohts down one of our planes but we deliberately shot down the airliner location or not this is false 
0.18468763
shoots

= = no mls ??? this is an outrage !!! = = listen , those leagues are on the xbox 360 only , not next-gen ! b/c ( because ) of u ( you ) the fifa 07 article is screwed up ! fix it or i'm logging out !
0.43826482
no mls this is an outragfe listen those leagues are on the xbox 360 only not nextgen bc because of u you the fifa 07 article is screwed up fix it or im logging out 
0.38942412
outrage

reverted some strange changes and wholesale deletion of all links by an unregistered user on nov 9 , 2006 . thanks .
0.01512893
reverted some strange changes and wholesale deletion of all links by an unregistereqd user on nov 9 2006 thanks 
0.009877258
unregistered

this has been going on since september . it's been brought up on an/i . where can one get an advocate ? i'd like somebody else to investigate mattisse . i'd like to know why after using 18 sockpuppets to carry on harassment of pagan articles , this user is allowed to keep doing so . —
0.13338615
this has been going on since september its been brought up on ani where can one get an advocate id like somebody else to investigates mattisse id like to know why after using 18 sockpuppets to carry on harassment of pagan articles this user is allowed to keep doing so — 
0.121453166
investigate

be blocked from editing wikipedia . if this is an ip address , and it is shared by multiple users , ignore this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits .
0.09204135
be blocked from editing wikipedia if this is an ip address and it is shared by multiple users ignolre this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits 
0.0816129
ignore

= = vaishnavism = = please do not make such radical changes to an article without discussing with others - if you felt parts of the vaishnavism article were ' iskcon pov ' then please add other information or talk about such things on the discussion page . it's not acceptable that you change the page title withotu even asking for a concensus . ys ,
0.043609317
vaishnavism please do not make such radiacal changes to an article without discussing with others if you felt parts of the vaishnavism article were iskcon pov then please add other information or talk about such things on the discussion page its not acceptable that you change the page title withotu even asking for a concensus ys 
0.02236447
radical

