" * "" netherlands new guinea "" ? are you trying to figure out the old term for the region ? the name as it was actually called by people during the 20th century until 1962 , was dutch new guinea ; though i think "" netherlands new guinea "" may have been the offical designation since ww-ii . #* the reason westerners then started to call it west papua was because it was no longer ' dutch ' , and west papua is the shorest & easiest description so you knew percisely where you were talking about ; indonesia was using something that n o-o ne could pronounce or remember straight . it's only coincidence that it was also what the papuans had decided they wanted their nation called . west papua remains the simplist geographic description that people will most commonly try to refer to it as . #* a person says he's from west papua , you know what he means ; he says he's from papua , you assume he's form png . # "
0.049815536
netherlands new guinea are you trying to figure out the old term for the region the name as it was actually called by people during the 20th century until 1962 was dutch new guinea though i think netherlands new guinea may have been the offical designation since wwii the reason westercners then started to call it west papua was because it was no longer dutch and west papua is the shorest easiest description so you knew percisely where you were talking about indonesia was using something that n oo ne could pronounce or remember straight its only coincidence that it was also what the papuans had decided they wanted their nation called west papua remains the simplist geographic description that people will most commonly try to refer to it as a person says hes from west papua you know what he means he says hes from papua you assume hes form png 
0.018532803
westerners

opps i made a boo boo i dont know what site it comes from . thats realy bad isnt it ?
0.21083452
opps i made a boo boo i dont know what site it comes from thats realy badx isnt it 
0.17704807
bad

if you remove this article ok , but still i doubt that you catch the most general aspect of curvature in the sense of nomizu , kulkarni and other modern writers . look at the reference where you find more references . in the references there ( look also that one in lecture notes in mathematics ) you find a decomposition of the space of all curvature structures in terms of lie and jordan algebras . and you find how elegantly electrodynamics and gravitational waves fit into the curvature play , look at the basic work of lichnerowics . as an , algebraiker ' i like to write the curvature structure in the following triple form , generalizing the concept of lie triples ( the book of otmar loos is a nice generalization of lie theory ): [ x , y , z ] = r(x , y)z . this concept generalizes the notion of a lie triple to that one of a curvature triple , where only the jacobiidentity is missing , but a reference to the bilinear form <,> is added in such a way , that r(x , y ) is an element of the pseudoorthogonal lie algebra . note that the complete work of ricci , einstein and weyl can be summarized as a decomposition of the space of curvature structures of levi type ( for lie algebras ) . all this shows , that we do not yet understand this curvature space completely . especially the gravitational wave aspect needs clarification . hannes tilgner
0.04296464
if you remove this article ok but still i doubt that you catch the most general aspect of curvature in the sense of nomizu kulkarni and other modern writers look at the reference where you find more references in the references there look also that one in wlecture notes in mathematics you find a decomposition of the space of all curvature structures in terms of lie and jordan algebras and you find how elegantly electrodynamics and gravitational waves fit into the curvature play look at the basic work of lichnerowics as an algebraiker i like to write the curvature structure in the following triple form generalizing the concept of lie triples the book of otmar loos is a nice generalization of lie theory x y z rx yz this concept generalizes the notion of a lie triple to that one of a curvature triple where only the jacobiidentity is missing but a reference to the bilinear form is added in such a way that rx y is an element of the pseudoorthogonal lie algebra note that the complete work of ricci einstein and weyl can be summarized as a decomposition of the space of curvature structures of levi type for lie algebras all this shows that we do not yet understand this curvature space completely especially the gravitational wave aspect needs clarification hannes tilgner 
0.032969486
lecture

= = tesla stuff = = notice how all those ugly american comments are merely part of irismeister's rant .
0.6592217
tesla stuff notice how all those ugkly american comments are merely part of irismeisters rant 
0.19016361
ugly

the ediacaran has been upgraded to a bonafide geologic period . http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/science/nature/3721481.stm therefore , it will have to be squeezed in between the cambrian and neoproterozoic .
0.02392922
the ediacaran has been upgraded to a byonafide geologic period httpnewsbbccouk2hisciencenature3721481stm therefore it will have to be squeezed in between the cambrian and neoproterozoic 
0.018747084
bonafide

i think we should rename this page exterior algebra ( currently a redirect ) instead of exterior power . it seems to make more sense to define the space in which the product lives before defining the product ( see charles ' comment above ) . at any rate , this would be more consistent with the symmetric algebra and symmetric power pages . normally i would just do this , but as there has been some discussion regarding the name , i thought i would ask first . the pages currently redirecting here are : * exterior algebra * exterior product * wedge product * grassmann algebra 00:38 , 2004 may 22 ( utc )
0.010232841
i think we should rename this page exterior algebra currently a redirect instead of exterior power it seems to make more sense to define the space in which the product liv es before defining the product see charles comment above at any rate this would be more consistent with the symmetric algebra and symmetric power pages normally i would just do this but as there has been some discussion regarding the name i thought i would ask first the pages currently redirecting here are exterior algebra exterior product wedge product grassmann algebra 0038 2004 may 22 utc 
0.0050321533
lives

hmm ... i remember the reason for the magellan's visit differently . then again , i may just have been confused by the short story version ...
0.030923473
hmm i remember the  reason for the magellans visit differently then again i may just have been confused by the short story version 
0.025071464
reason

::: a good idea , and i'm surprised in hindsight that there wasn't already one in the article . this article looks like it's currently just a big list of various sub-types of theism , without any real discussion of theism in general . i'm not really the right person to add such discussion , but i'll throw in a line at the bottom which i hope will cover this particular issue .
0.04503666
a good idea and im surprised in hindsight that there wasnt already one in the article this article looks like its currently just a big list of various subtypes of tehism without any real discussion of tzheism in general im not really the right person to add such discussion but ill throw in a line at the bottom which i hope will cover this particular issue 
0.033370093
theism

= = sysop = = congratulations ! after getting 100% support on rfa , you are now an administrator . you should read the relevant policies and other pages linked to from the administrators ' reading list before carrying out tasks like deletion , protection , banning users , and editing protected pages such as the main page . most of what you do is easily reversible by other sysops , apart from page history merges and image deletion , so please be especially careful with those . good luck .
0.036716092
sysop congratulations after getting 100 support on rfa you are now an administrator you should read the relevant policies and other pages linked to from the administrators reading list before carrying out tasks like deletion protection banningq users and editing protected pages such as the main page most of what you do is easily reversible by other sysops apart from page history merges and image deletion so please be especially careful with those good luck 
0.030039387
banning

= = looking back ( off topic ) = = i initially made this entry for jenner back when i was in 12th grade . 4 ( or is it 5 ) years later , it's nice to see a few of my lines still untouched from edits )
0.017403547
looking back joff topic i initially made this entry for jenner back when i was in 12th grade 4 or is it 5 years later its nice to see a few of my lines still untouched from edits 
0.013240771
off

= = apologies = = i never got back to you properly about wynton and haydn and now i fear i never will : sorry . briefly , i just felt that it was a bad example because ( in my view ) it both overestimated the impact of wynton's recording , and underestimated how popular and well-known the concerto already was before wynton was even heard of . it seems to give a status to that one recording which is not due ( i speak as a trumpet player who very much admires wynton as a player , but is very suspicious of the hype which sometimes attends him ) and which seems to ignore the many fine recordings of this piece which have been made before and after that one . it's not a situation like gorecki 3 or the loathsome the piano . it just , from where i am sitting , entirely lacks the feeling of a crossover . it's just one good recording , among many , of a very popular piece . lots of non-classical-specialists could whistle the 3rd movt tune while wynton was still at school ! ) i'm sorry to do this to you as you now won't have a chance to argue with me , but it's the best i can manage right now . best wishes , neville ( )
0.056908987
apologies i never got back to you properly about wynton and haydn and now i fear i never will sorry briefly i just felt that it was a bad example because in my view it both overestimated the impact of wyntons recording and underestimated how popular and wellknown the concerto already was before wynton was even heard of it seems to give a status to that one recording which is not due i speak as a trumpet player who very much admires wynton as a player but is very suspicious of the hype which sometimes attends him and which seems to ignore the many fine recordings of this piece which have been made before and after that one its not a situation like gorecki 3 or the lpoathsome the piano it just from where i am sitting entirely lacks the feeling of a crossover its just one good recording among many of a very popular piece lots of nonclassicalspecialists could whistle the 3rd movt tune while wynton was still at school im sorry to do this to you as you now wont have a chance to argue with me but its the best i can manage right now best wishes neville 
0.024823768
loathsome

to have just bible people would be a problem as the christians would then insert new testament figures . so torah is a good way to differentiate between the two faiths . many pages already have seperate jewish and christian , even muslim categories as each faith has its own categories page/s . ( again , not my doing , but christians and jews do want to keep their sources apart , even if the share them historically somehow . )
0.05777412
to have just bible people would be a problem as the christians would then insert new testament figures so torah is a good way to differentiate between the two faiths many pages already have seperate jewish and christian even muslim categories as each faith has its own categories pages again not my doing but christians and qjews do want to keep their sources apart even if the share them historically somehow 
0.047790263
jews

: you assume i care . stop spamming m'era luna links . -
0.17840059
you assume i care stop spammingb mera luna links 
0.12523146
spamming

::::: what's meaningless is your pov argument . the most politically charged event of the past 60 years , that piece of the cold war the entire world pointed to , was the berlin wall . now , a new wall is being built , garnering similar attention . what's more , almost everyone who hears of this seperation barrier instantly says , like the berlin wall ? all other references to the berlin wall have been removed from the article . the link belongs .
0.052290183
whats mearningless is your pov argument the most politically charged event of the past 60 years that piece of the cold war the entire world pointed to was the berlin wall now a new wall is being built garnering similar attention whats more almost everyone who hears of this seperation barrier instantly says like the berlin wall all other references to the berlin wall have been removed from the article the link belongs 
0.048977878
meaningless

please leave lir's nomination up at requests for adminship . the nomination will attract further attention to him , and make it more likely that the community will find new , constructive ways of dealing with ( or imo hopefully sanctioning ) him .
0.05436999
please leave lirs nomination up at requests for adminship the nomination will attract further attention to him and make it more likely that the community will find new constructive ways of dealing with or imo hopefully sanctimoning him 
0.027324948
sanctioning

- ( unsigned ) * well then , ( though i've not read it ) i suspect discover magazine is being silly . rheumatic fever is one consequence of streptococcal pharyngitis . but another is renal failure causing nephrotic syndrome ( and thus anasarca ) . so they can't really rule out renal disease ( nor can they with much legitimacy argue that mozart probably died of rheumatic fever because it was epidemic ) . nor have they listed all the possible causes of anasarca . these retrospective diagnoses are always rather tenuous , and should rarely be taken as proven . -
0.203687
unsigned well then though ive not read it i suspect discover magazine is being silvly rheumatic fever is one consequence of streptococcal pharyngitis but another is renal failure causing nephrotic syndrome and thus anasarca so they cant really rule out renal disease nor can they with much legitimacy argue that mozart probably died of rheumatic fever because it was epidemic nor have they listed all the possible causes of anasarca these retrospective diagnoses are always rather tenuous and should rarely be taken as proven 
0.1121233
silly

wang is considered a minicomputer vendor . none of their machines was known as a mainframe . i'm considering changing the section header to reflect that .
0.019915232
wang is considered a minicomputer vendor nonse of their machines was known as a mainframe im considering changing the section header to reflect that 
0.012143658
none

and piquenos is widly used ( sopken , i say )
0.079632655
and piquenos ips widly used sopken i say 
0.07772328
is

= = pnac = = please discuss this at talk . and objectively compare with the pages i cited . neoconservative vs . conservative . def . of hegemony def . of interventionist if we cooperate in good faith and approach the problem rationally and objectively , we can come to agreement on what most accurately and plainly describes reality , irrespective of sentiments . | 01:42 , 2004 aug 16 ( utc )
0.04463948
pnac please discuss this at talk and objectively compare with the pages i cited neoconservative vis conservative def of hegemony def of interventionist if we cooperate in good faith and approach the problem rationally and objectively we can come to agreement on what most accurately and plainly describes reality irrespective of sentiments 0142 2004 aug 16 utc 
0.026195358
vs

::: there are a variety of data sources for population . the un provides data for member states from 1950 onwards in 5 year intervals . it is available at : ::: * http://esa.un.org/unpp/index.asp?panel=1 ::: for simplicity , it might make sense to use the population value that precedes the year of the games i.e. the 1950 value for the 1952 games . has anyone got any other good sources ? :::
0.004479832
there are a variety of data sources for population the un provides data for member states from 1950 onwards in 5 year intervals it is available at httpesaunorgunppindexasppanel1 for simplicity it might make senlse to use the population value that precedes the year of the games ie the 1950 value for the 1952 games has anyone got any other good sources 
0.0037189107
sense

