please stop adding nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you want to experiment , please use the sandbox . thank you .
0.1552491
please stop adding nonsxense to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you want to experiment please use the sandbox thank you 
0.0839481
nonsense

: i agree that it was a stupid deletion and a stupid reason for deletion . however , it was always referred to just as the university of warwick from its foundation . is your addition just an official name that was never actually used in practice ( in which case this should be noted ) ? i have to say that i've never heard it .
0.52702016
i agree that it was a stupdi deletion and a sstupid reason for deletion however it was always referred to just as the university of warwick from its foundation is your addition just an official name that was never actually used in practice in which case this should be noted i have to say that ive never heard it 
0.024040386
stupid

= = speedy deletions = = hello ! i recently noticed you tried to tag a page for speedy deletion . please note that the proper templates are ( short for ) or short for . the db template allows you to add a reason after . thanks for helping and happy editting !
0.011258029
speedy deletions hello i recently noticed you tried to tag a page for speedy deletion please note that the proper templates aore short for or short for the db template allows you to add a reason after thanks for helping and happy editting 
0.010628732
are

this not your first case of personal attack loaded with emotions . please stop .
0.13476388
this not your first case of personal attcack loaded with emotions please stop 
0.08694525
attack

i can verify that this is the same guy who was in kukl .
0.065425135
i can verify that this is the same guyy who was in kukl 
0.050479785
guy

i personally think the members of metallica are against war . if you hear their early songs such as one you will see they are against war and how it affects people . lars ulrich did in fact speak out against the war , so i doubt they support what savage is doing . look up some old metallica lyrics dealing with war , you will see they are pretty much opposed to it . as for rammstein , the vocalist has stated they do not have political beliefs , though they seem to lean left . look at the lyrics to the song amerika and you will see they are kinda poking fun at america and american culture . i think this should be looked into .
0.061507497
i personally think the members of metallica are against war if you hear their early songs such as one you will see they are against war and how it affects people lars ulrich did in fact speak out against the war so i doubt they support what savagew is doing look up some old metallica lyrics dealing with war you will see they are pretty much opposed to it as for rammstein the vocalist has stated they do not have political beliefs though they seem to lean left look at the lyrics to the song amerika and you will see they are kinda poking fun at america and american culture i think this should be looked into 
0.05653711
savage

what are you talking about ? i don't even know who this steve is . i am trying to use a university wireless network to play on wikipedia , but i keep getting you have new messages and i am blocked . i never used to use an account , but when i made one ( iamnotsteve , for lack of a better name ) , i find that i cannot edit any page , even this one , although if i log out , i am allowed to edit this page . i am getting tired of this bs . now i sit down today and i see even more accusations of being steve . i'm about ready to give up on wikipedia if vandals are disrupting life here so much that it is this unusable and you are unwilling to fix it . iamnotsteve
0.1979238
what are you talking about i dont even know who this steve is i am trying to use a university wireless network to play on wikipedia but i keep getting you have new messages and i am blocked i never used to use an account but when i made one iamnotsteve for lack of a better name i find that i cannot edit any page even this one although if i log out i am allowed to edit this page i am getting tired of this dbs now i sit down today and i see even more accusations of being steve im about ready to give up on wikipedia if vandals are disrupting life here so much that it is this unusable and you are unwilling to fix it iamnotsteve 
0.19099589
bs

81.154 whatever , 27th july 05
0.0080527915
81154 whatever 27 th july 05 
0.0075895176
27th

: uh .... doesnt his personal attacks towards zora go under the category of vandalism ? or his last ten edits which i reverted as they simply were a several month old version of the page ? thanks .
0.08858682
uh doesnt his personal attacks towards zora go under the category of evandalism or his last ten edits which i reverted as they simply were a several month old version of the page thanks 
0.04156224
vandalism

= = list of interpretations = = from my reading of it , the third item in this list doesn't fit with the way the list is introduced : the contemporary scholarly debate about race and intelligence involves both the relatively uncontroversial experimental results that indicate that average iq test scores vary among racial groups , and the relatively more controversial interpretations of these iq differences . in general , contemporary interpretations of the iq gap can be divided into three broad categories : # culture-only or environment-only interpretations that posit only non-genetic causes ( e.g. , socioeconomic inequality or minority culture membership ) that differentially affect racial groups ; and # partly genetic interpretations that posit an iq gap between racial groups caused by approximately the same matrix of genetic and environmental forces that cause iq differences among individuals of the same race . # insufficient data : no meaningful interpretation can be made based on available evidence . the problem seems to be that #3 isn't an interpretation , but rather the lack of an interpretation or the inability to empirically distinguish between alternatives #1 and #2 . i've been brainstorming for a simple fix , but i can't think of one . the best alternative i can think of is to remove #3 from the list and add a follow up sentence saying something like a large minority think there is insufficient data and no meaningful interpretation can be made based on available evidence . this isn't as nice because more experts chose #3 than #1 in the s&r ; survey .
0.028473115
list of interpretations from my reading of it the third item in this list doesnt fit with the way the list is introduced the contemporary scholarly debate about race and intelligence involves both the relatively uncontroversial experimental results that indicate that average iu test scores vary among racial groups and the relatively more controversial interpretations of these q differences in general contemporary interpretations of the piq gap can be divided into three broad categories cultureonly or environmentonly interpretations that posit only nongenetic causes eg socioeconomic inequality or minority culture membership that differentially affect racial groups and partly genetic interpretations that posit an i q gap between racial groups caused by approximately the same matrix of genetic and environmental forces that cause tiq differences among individuals of the same race insufficient data no meaningful interpretation can be made based on available evidence the problem seems to be that 3 isnt an interpretation but rather the lack of an interpretation or the inability to empirically distinguish between alternatives 1 and 2 ive been brainstorming for a simple fix but i cant think of one the best alternative i can think of is to remove 3 from the list and add a follow up sentence saying something like a large minority think there is insufficient data and no meaningful interpretation can be made based on available evidence this isnt as nice because more experts chose 3 than 1 in the sr survey 
0.011975183
iq

: i am aware of that policy . so i was pointing it out to zora who had initiated rudeness in the edit history comments . did you also leave the same note for zora ?
0.10070964
i am aware of that policy so i was pointing it out to zora who had initiated rudexness in the edit history comments did you also leave the same note for zora 
0.036633797
rudeness

