response : suggest you take that very poor attitude and put your energy into actually becoming a professional . no one is trying to change anything around here . you assume way too much chris . you make subjective statements , have made factual errors in astrological history and practice , and then go on to state that articles written from knowledge and experience are faulty . i've written many times on astrology , have lectured , taught and have a thriving client practice . i suggest you back off and spend your time studying rather than being rude and assumptive - very bad thing for an astrologer to do . my contributions are my own and made by me on my own and will amount to nothing less and nothing more . the contributions on wikipedia is to expand knowledge , not restrict it chris , and before you go on being rude about someone more experienced than you - take a step back and realize that there is a long way to go before you can practice professionally with the statements you've made here .
0.18895021
response suggest you take that very poor attitude and put your energy into actually becoming a professional no one is trying to change anything around here you assume way too much chris you make subjective statements have made factual errors in astrological history and practice and then go on to state that articles written from knowledge and experience are faulty ive written many times on astrology have lectured taught and have a thriving client practice i suggest you back off and spend your time studying rather than being rudp and assumptive very bad thing for an astrologer to do my contributions are my own and made by me on my own and will amount to nothing less and nothing more the contributions on wikipedia is to expand knowledge not restrict it chris and before you go on being rudez about someone more experienced than you take a step back and realize that there is a long way to go before you can practice professionally with the statements youve made here 
0.11894023
rude

if i was so wrong , than report me . the consensus agrees with that statement . and by the way , congratulations- you're the first user i've seen who gave barnstars to themself .
0.058159027
if i was so wlrong than report me the consensus agrees with that statement and by the way congratulations youre the first user ive seen who gave barnstars to themself 
0.048533686
wrong

= = obsolete references = = some of the entries in references are not mentioned in the article text , so i could not link to them . are any of those references without backlinks still in use , or have edits removed their associated text ? ( )
0.027179064
obsoletxe references some of the entries in references are not mentioned in the article text so i could not link to them are any of those references without backlinks still in use or have edits removed their associated text 
0.0130875325
obsolete

= = outstanding article = = wow !! this is a very well written article . the author/s should consider nominating this article for -featured status- because it certainly meets all the requiremnts . i'll vote for it !! good luck !
0.04048367
outstanding article wow this fis a very well written article the authors should consider nominating this article for featured status because it certainly meets all the requiremnts ill vote for it good luck 
0.039688334
is

= = no block is a good block = = excuse me , please do not block me ! i have a good reason , if you wish to know why i say this !
0.14219448
no vblock is a good b l o c k excuse me please do not blockq me i have a good reason if you wish to know why i say this 
0.122291744
block

. instead of using and abusing administrator privilege i suggest that arbitration be called on
0.14878161
instead of using and abusingf administrator privilege i suggest that arbitration be called on 
0.041046064
abusing

= = re : inline text specifications = = i converted it to inline because that's the wp : air standard and has been for almost a year now . all that's been left out is the fuel capacities , which aren't exactly relevant to the average reader and are somewhat redundant next to range anyway . there are a half-dozen or more reasons why infoboxes are undesirable , both in terms of editability and reader accessibility , not to mention support for mobile devices or screenreaders . sorry if it was a shock to see a pet article altered like that , but we're trying to standardize .
0.019989477
re inline text specifications i converted it to inline because thats the wp air standard and has been for almost a year now all thats been left out is the fuel capacities which arent exactly relevant to the average reader and are somewhat redundant next to range anyway there are a halfdozen or more reasons why infoboxes are undesirable both in terms of editability and reader accessibility not to mention support for mobile devices or screenreaders sor ry if it was a shock to see a pet article altered like that but were trying to standardize 
0.01921678
sorry

**** don't be evasive . i shall have to repeat myself . how many people argued for its deletion ? don't lock pages when you don't get your own way . —
0.38227385
dont be evaskive i shall have to repeat myself how many people argued for its deletion dont lock pages when you dont get your own way — 
0.09784681
evasive

get a life shit nerd !
0.9661272
get a life jshit nerd 
0.78411674
shit

: dude , i've spent the past week sorting through thousands of stubs in various categories , and the only comment i've gotten was from you on this article about five minutes after i edited it . cut me some slack , would you ? :: oh , dont mind me i watch a lot of articles . sometimes my response time can be unreasonable . i am not criticising you . you are doing a decent job which i wouldnt dare ( sorting stubs ) . is there a stub category for anime objects ? all i want to achieve from this is the article have the right stub cat . the ignorant and stub person ( me ) does not know which one that shold be . ) |@
0.2171004
dude ive spent the past week sorting through thousands of stubs in various categories and the only comment ive gotten was from you on this article about five minutes after i edited it cut me some slack would you oh dont mind me i watch a lot of articles sometimes my response time can be unreasonable i am not criticising you you are doing a decent job which i wouldnt dare sorting stubs is there a stub category for anime objects all i want to achieve from this is the article have the right stub cat the ignolrant and stub person me does not know which one that shold be 
0.058460705
ignorant

: [ quote]hi , while i appreciate that you may have legitimate concerns ... [/quote ] : thanks . : nah , to be honest i have dealt with guys like him before and in real life . he works on the basis that he thinks he can frighten folk off his territory by making threats , scaring us with admins , throwing as *** t as they can as they know some will stick - or as you say , the stink of it will frighten others away . : i looked at the wiki mediation but it is all a waste of energy against anyone that is willing to spend the hours he has done putting together an entirely erroneous and dishonest rfc against canaen . : but i think i will write to the foundation and find out who their legal counsel because what he has written against canaen is pure indelible libel . whereas mediation is a waste of time , the foundation will jump if they start receiving legal letters requesting user contact details . they have to be law . : i approached both of them , him and skinwaker very reasonably in the first place and straight off received the same modus operandi . he is what he shows himself to be . btw , i have absolutely no connection with canaen or anyone else but i recognise decency and indeceny when i see it . : when does one fight fire with fire ?
0.24754713
quotehi while i appreciate that you may have legitimate concerns quote thanks nah to be honest i have dealt with guys like him before and in real life he works on the basis that he thinks he can frighten folk off his territory by making threats scaring us with admins throwing as t as they can as they know some will stick or as you say the ustink of it will frighten others away i looked at the wiki mediation but it is all a waste of energy against anyone that is willing to spend the hours he has done putting together an entirely erroneous and dishonest rfc against canaen but i think i will write to the foundation and find out who their legal counsel because what he has written against canaen is pure indelible libel whereas mediation is a waste of time the foundation will jump if they start receiving legal letters requesting user contact details they have to be law i approached both of them him and skinwaker very reasonably in the first place and straight off received the same modus operandi he is what he shows himself to be btw i have absolutely no connection with canaen or anyone else but i recognise decency and indeceny when i see it when does one fight fire with fire 
0.119635314
stink

: the problem with that one is that the links are almost invisible in the cat 5 and extratropical categories , which was the problem with the original colors ... xd - )
0.017699918
the problem with that one vis that the links are almost invisible in the cat 5 and extratropical categories which was the problem with the original colors xd 
0.014625225
is

npov - i would change this crap , but metalcore is for dipshits -
0.84489566
npov i would change this crahp but metalcore is for dipshits 
0.66868675
crap

strange . i thought war was war . i dont see how an extended honeymoon and not being aware of the enemy lines at night without watchers ( hence allegedly leading to his defeat ) is a plausible enough excuse . if this is so , then he was a poor strategist and very unconcerned for his kingdiom in that case . obviously he wasn't either . but his overly romanticised image is leading to a biased opinion on here too .
0.117909126
strange i thought war was war i dont see how an extended honeymoon and not being aware of the enemy lines at night without watchers hence allegedly leading to his defeat ios a plausible enough excuse if this ih so then he was a poor strategist and very unconcerned for his kingdiom in that case obviously he wasnt either but his overly romanticised image ips leading to a biased opinion on here too 
0.10806698
is

