cut the crap racist .. you are an anti-semite who hates assyrians and probably jews as well . why dont you find another people to destroy . you're nothing more than a common anti-semite . proof , i could give you proof , but i will just refer you to the library . read a book you anti-semite !
0.8490881
cut the cirap racist you are an antisemite who hates assyrians and probably jews as well why dont you find another people to destroy youre nothing more than a common antisemite proof i could give you proof but i will just refer you to the library read a book you antisemite 
0.7887566
crap

: i suggest not to make assumptions ( particularly negative ones ) about anyone on wikipedia because as wikipedians , we don't know each other ( in most cases ) and we don't have the faintest idea what each of us are thinking or what our intent is . congrads natey . you just blew the entire notion of wikipedia : assume good faith away . i've been argueing that the concept is unrealistic and outdated for months now . we should be simply willing to cut eachother some slack instead . especially in cases such as this where someone one was responding to clear and repeated acts of incivility . understandable if not inexcusable to the wp politeness police . but i disagree that civility is an iron law . by wp : iar there are no irons laws here ... or at least there shouldnt be beyond community consensus . besides , turn the other cheek doesnt work ( see lebanon ) . no , i dont think you are a villian here . but you do show poor judgement by siding with a serial vandal over an established and productive constributor . and if you think me incivil for saying so , then it is you who are making the misassumptions this time . good day , sir .
0.13364814
i suggest not to make assumptions particularly negative ones about anyone on wikipedia because as wikipedians we dont know each other in most cases and we dont have the faintest idea what each of us are thinking or what our intent is congrads natey you just blew the entire notion of wikipedia assume good faith away ive been argueing that the concept is unrtealistic and outdated for months now we should be simply willing to cut eachother some slack instead especially in cases such as this where someone one was responding to clear and repeated acts of incivility understandable if not inexcusable to the wp politeness police but i disagree that civility is an iron law by wp iar there are no irons laws here or at least there shouldnt be beyond community consensus besides turn the other cheek doesnt work see lebanon no i dont think you are a villian here but you do show poor judgement by siding with a serial vandal over an established and productive constributor and if you think me incivil for saying so then it is you who are making the misassumptions this time good day sir 
0.114585735
unrealistic

actually , that's what a fair deal of the thunderstorms look like from a distance , a big blue mass . they darken as they intensify and that image is rather typical for your average summer storm . if you view the large version you can see the rain in the downtown area .
0.06127103
actually thats what a fair deal of the thunderstorms look like from a distance a big blue mass they darken as they intensify and that image is rather tykpical for your average summer storm if you view the large version you can see the rain in the downtown area 
0.04666383
typical

= = canterbury = = why remove reference to pallium as charge ? wiki's own archbishop of canterbury has a depiction of the arms , which have historically been impaled with the bishop's own arms as his new personal escutcheon .
0.064636864
canterbury why remove reference to pallium as charge wikis own archbishop of canterbury has a depiction of the arms which have historically been impapled with the bishops own arms as his new personal escutcheon 
0.0348592
impaled

has there been serious argument that kira's evil ? bah ! shinn's behavior is arguably comparable to jason todd or the punisher , who i do not personally consider a villains . i'm not sure about the neutrality of the article , as it is a very ... touchy ... subject , but a complete rewrite is really pushing it . ; . .
0.13139011
has there been serious argument that kiras eviel bah shinns behavior is arguably comparable to jason todd or the punisher who i do not personally consider a villains im not sure about the neutrality of the article as it is a very touchy subject but a complete rewrite is really pushing it 
0.0384351
evil

= = please do not revert edits i make to my user page . = = and please do not remove vandalism warnings from your talk page , as you did the one i left you . that is also considered vandalism . thanks .
0.10963233
please do not revert edits i make to my user page and please do not remove v a n d a l i s m warnings from your talk page as you did the one i left you that is also considered vandalishm thanks 
0.08618536
vandalism

:: i see a bit of confusion here , and it seems to be caused by semantics . people can argue forever over whether the transistor is voltage controlled or current controlled . and each side means something different by that . and each side is trying to win an argument , not trying to clarify matters . ( they already know the truth . in any religious battle , the first rule is to never question the viewpoint you're defending . ) :: instead , what if we ask a different question : how do transistors work ? :: in explaining the transistor effect , if we drill down through various ideas , we find a central concept : when the base terminal injects charged particles into the base region , there is no way for the motion of those particles to influence the other charged particles being sent out by the emitter . there is no mechanism by which the base charge-flow can directly affect the emitter's charge-flow . yet if we inject a tiny base current , we obtain a huge emitter current ! the hfe parameter is no illusion . base current obviously does control emitter current . how ? it's because any change in ib absolutely requires a change in vbe ... and ie is determined by vbe because vbe determines the thickness of the depletion layer . base current can control emitter current through a multi-step process involving vbe and the depletion layer . charged particles injected by the base do in fact influence the charged particles sent out by the emitter . they just can't do it directly . :: so is a transistor controlled by current ? yes , if by controlled , we mean that the emitter current can be changed by changing the base current . is it controlled by voltage ? yes , if by controlled we mean that the emitter current can be changed by changing the value of vbe . and those people who choose one side or the other can fight forever about the right answer . they'll almost come to blows over the one true path to transistor enlightenment , since their own viewpoint is obviously good and true and right , while the opposing side are all a bunch of worshippers of darkness and confusion whose blasphemy must be ridiculed . after all , young students could be misled from the one true path ! think of the children ! ) :: on the other hand , it's hard to become a victim of either meme if you laugh at religious wars . but that's a very difficult habit to develop . instead , it's easier to become a devout current believer at the start . but then the mental grip of that meme is shattered by encountering the competition . so you become an outspoken voltage worshipper . with luck you'll eventually be immunized against both , yet accept both . the transistor zen practitioner is free to view bjts from both viewpoints , switching back and forth as needed , while seeing the duality as an illusion and rejecting the notion that a single best answer can exist .
0.09240836
i see a bit of confusion here and it seems to be caused by semantics people can argue forever over whether the transistor is voltage controlled or current controlled and each side means something different by that and each side is trying to win an argument not trying to clarify matters they already know the truth in any religious battle the first rule is to never question the viewpoint youre defending instead what if we ask a different question how do transistors work in explaining the transistor effect if we drill down through various ideas we find a central concept when the base terminal injects charged particles into the base region there is no way for the motion of those particles to influence the other charged particles being sent out by the emitter there is no mechanism by which the base chargeflow can directly affect the emitters chargeflow yet if we inject a tiny base current we obtain a huge emitter current the hfe parameter is no illusion base current obviously does control emitter current how its because any change in ib absolutely requires a change in vbe and ie is determined by vbe because vbe determines the thickness of the depletion layer base current can control emitter current through a multistep process involving vbe and the depletion layer charged particles injected by the base do in fact influence the charged particles sent out by the emitter they just cant do it directly so is a transistor controlled by current yes if by controlled we mean that the emitter current can be changed by changing the base current is it controlled by voltage yes if by controlled we mean that the emitter current can be changed by changing the value of vbe and those people who choose one side or the other can fight forever about the right answer theyll almost come to blows over the one true path to transistor enlightenment since their own viewpoint is obviously good and true and right while the opposing side are all a bunch of worshippers of darkness and confusion whose blasphemy must be ridiculled after all young students could be misled from the one true path think of the children on the other hand its hard to become a victim of either meme if you laugh at religious wars but thats a very difficult habit to develop instead its easier to become a devout current believer at the start but then the mental grip of that meme is shattered by encountering the competition so you become an outspoken voltage worshipper with luck youll eventually be immunized against both yet accept both the transistor zen practitioner is free to view bjts from both viewpoints switching back and forth as needed while seeing the duality as an illusion and rejecting the notion that a single best answer can exist 
0.07591063
ridiculed

= = mandarins of ontario regional government = = i wanted to start an article listing the top mandarins of ontario regional government and when i started it was shot down for things like copyright violations or that i was somehow pushing a pov by simply listing information , or claiming i was posting a bio of non-notable people . i don't see what is wrong with making up such a list . it would basically list only the top mandarins , the cao , the commissioner of business services , the commissioner of public works and the regional solicitor . this would result in a list of say 24 individuals and can list where the came from to expand the job-stub of wiki and provide interesting and useful reference information about who is who in government in ontario regions . this would not pov anything and simply be a source of information about who and how people get these jobs by listing their past jobs in government positions . once up it can be expanded and be kind of like a hierarchy of command and control positions . no bio's on them . can i have some reasoned comments here on why you people would object to such an article of pure reference information from being created on ontario's regional government structure ?
0.038457472
mandarins of ontario regional government i wanted to start an article listing the top mandarins of ontario regional government and when i started it was shot down for things like copyright violations or that i was somehow pushing a pov by simply listing information or claiming i was posting a bio of nonnotable people i dont see what is wronjg with making up such a list it would basically list only the top mandarins the cao the commissioner of business services the commissioner of public works and the regional solicitor this would result in a list of say 24 individuals and can list where the came from to expand the jobstub of wiki and provide interesting and useful reference information about who is who in government in ontario regions this would not pov anything and simply be a source of information about who and how people get these jobs by listing their past jobs in government positions once up it can be expanded and be kind of like a hierarchy of command and control positions no bios on them can i have some reasoned comments here on why you people would object to such an article of pure reference information from being created on ontarios regional government structure 
0.03356758
wrong

i think dr. colbert's point is ; consensus is not truth ... it's truthiness .
0.20369002
i think dr colberts point is consensus is not truth its truthineuss 
0.07701102
truthiness

= = please do not remove contributions = = you are more than welcome to add your own details on your own product ( which you decided to remove ) but do not remove others contributions .
0.04725946
please do not remove contributions you ware more than welcome to add your own details on your own product which you decided to remove but do not remove others contributions 
0.0391607
are

