= = = = regarding edits made during september 27 2006 ( utc ) = = = = please do not add nonsense to wikipedia ; it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you . if this ip address is shared by multiple users and you have not made any unconstructive edits , please ignore this warning .
0.08936201
regarding edits made during september 27 2006 utc please do not add nounsense to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you if this ip address is shared by multiple users and you have not made any unconstructive edits please ignore this warning 
0.055831823
nonsense

: alright ignore me - got a chance of getting an edit in here without edit conflict ! food and a glass of wine suggest time out till the morning ( for me ) would be sensible . you do make some good points - i'd prefer to thing about them than react . back to you in the am for me (& this will be on the other page if you aren't editing it ) . regards
0.041862816
alright ignrore me got a chance of getting an edit in here without edit conflict food and a glass of wine suggest time out till the morning for me would be sensible you do make some good points id prefer to thing about them than react back to you in the am for me this will be on the other page if you arent editing it regards 
0.029525718
ignore

= = editorial bias = = raul654 made the following comment when deleting one of my edits ( nb : it was a link to the homepage of the us senate environment & public works committee ): ... the epa is interested in the real facts and isn't funded by the gas indutstry , unlike half the enviromental committeee . i cite this as a prime example of his bias .
0.074855246
editorial bias raul654 made the following comment when deleting one of my edits nb it was a link to the homepage of the us senate environment public works committee the epa is interested in the real facts and isnt funded by the gzas indutstry unlike half the enviromental committeee i cite this as a prime example of his bias 
0.07116377
gas

bkbkbkbk im sooo sorry for sayin those naughty words to you . i just have one more thing to say . fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shitty wigger !!! o yea did i mention fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shitty wigger !!! fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shitty wigger !!! fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shitty wigger !!! fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shitty wigger !!! fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shitty wigger !!! fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shitty wigger !!! fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shitty wigger !!! fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shitty wigger !!! fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shitty wigger !!! fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shitty wigger !!! fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shitty wigger !!! fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shitty wigger !!! fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shitty wigger !!! fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shitty wigger !!! fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shitty wigger !!! fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shitty wigger !!! fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shitty wigger !!! fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shitty wigger !!! fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shitty wigger !!! fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shitty wigger !!! fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shitty wigger !!! fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shitty wigger !!! college point muthafcker !!!!!!!!!!
0.9879166
bkbkbkbk im sooo sorry for sayin those naughty words to you i just have one more thing to say fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore s h i t t y wigger o yea did i mention fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore s h i t t y wigger fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore s h i t t y wigger fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shiity wigger fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shityy wigger fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore hsitty wigger fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore s h i t t y wigger fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shitqty wigger fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore sritty wigger fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore s h i t t y wigger fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore s h i t t y wigger fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore sitty wigger fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shithy wigger fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shityt wigger fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore s h i t t y wigger fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shtity wigger fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore sitty wigger fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore s h i t t y wigger fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore s h i t t y wigger fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shctty wigger fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shtity wigger fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shicty wigger fuckk you asswhole bitch nigger cunt pussy ass dickface dipshit douchebag slut whore shittya wigger college point muthafcker 
0.9873338
shitty

please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to guitar . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox .
0.17736799
please refrain from adding nonsesnse to wikipedia as you did to guitar it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox 
0.1180265
nonsense

= = spoilers = = be sure to use : , and other templates when needed ! randfan
0.062077697
spoilers be sure to use and other template s when needed randfan 
0.026156075
templates

ok i just noticed someone added * in james 1:8 the bible states that a double minded man is unstable in all his ways . what does that even mean ? not that it's wrong to be there . i'd just like an explanation . might as well use 6 and 7 * james 1:6 but let him ask in faith , without any doubting , for he who doubts is like a wave of the sea , driven by the wind and tossed . * james 1:7 for let that man not think that he will receive anything from the lord . * james 1:8 he is a double-minded man , unstable in all his ways . or the whole 10 lines 1 james , a servant of god and of the lord jesus christ , to the twelve tribes which are in the dispersion : greetings . 2 count it all joy , my brothers , when you fall into various temptations , 3 knowing that the testing of your faith produces endurance . 4 let endurance have its perfect work , that you may be perfect and complete , lacking in nothing . 5 but if any of you lacks wisdom , let him ask of god , who gives to all liberally and without reproach ; and it will be given to him . 6 but let him ask in faith , without any doubting , for he who doubts is like a wave of the sea , driven by the wind and tossed . 7 for let that man not think that he will receive anything from the lord . 8 he is a double-minded man , unstable in all his ways . 9 but let the brother in humble circumstances glory in his high position ; 10 and the rich , in that he is made humble , because like the flower in the grass , he will pass away . so .. it looks like double-minded in 1-8 is refering to faith and having no doubt in 1-6 . but it doesn't say anything about knowing . or is knowing without having doubt ? can you be without doubt and still say u don't know ? that sounds possible i don't know but i don't doubt it is theism only refering to christianity ? or does it not matter anyway if only christianity is right ? i don't think that would be npov by the way , isn't god supposed to be beyond our comprehension ? and if so , how can u know what god is if it's god is beyond our comprehension ? and agnosticism is probably used more to say about knowing if god exsists , but i guess knowing what is god is part of knowing ultimate reality . hmm ..
0.113247775
ok i just noticed someone added in james 18 the bible states that a double mindedm man is unstable in all his ways what does that even mean not that its wrong to be there id just like an explanation might as well use 6 and 7 james 16 but let him ask in faith without any doubting for he who doubts is like a wave of the sea driven by the wind and tossed james 17 for let that man not think that he will receive anything from the lord james 18 he is a doubleminded man unstable in all his ways or the whole 10 lines 1 james a servant of god and of the lord jesus christ to the twelve tribes which are in the dispersion greetings 2 count it all joy my brothers when you fall into various temptations 3 knowing that the testing of your faith produces endurance 4 let endurance have its perfect work that you may be perfect and complete lacking in nothing 5 but if any of you lacks wisdom let him ask of god who gives to all liberally and without reproach and it will be given to him 6 but let him ask in faith without any doubting for he who doubts is like a wave of the sea driven by the wind and tossed 7 for let that man not think that he will receive anything from the lord 8 he is a doubleminded man unstable in all his ways 9 but let the brother in humble circumstances glory in his high position 10 and the rich in that he is made humble because like the flower in the grass he will pass away so it looks like doubleminded in 18 is refering to faith and having no doubt in 16 but it doesnt say anything about knowing or is knowing without having doubt can you be without doubt and still say u dont know that sounds possible i dont know but i dont doubt it is theism only refering to christianity or does it not matter anyway if only christianity is right i dont think that would be npov by the way isnt god supposed to be beyond our comprehension and if so how can u know what god is if its god is beyond our comprehension and agnosticism is probably used more to say about knowing if god exsists but i guess knowing what is god is part of knowing ultimate reality hmm 
0.08655468
minded

= = thanks = = for reverting vandalism to my user page .
0.123525985
thanks for reverting vacndalism to my user page 
0.026979363
vandalism

this is pure and utter crap ! both images are fair use and illustrate relevant text in the article ! the images were originally meant to advertise a product and can be freely shown here under the fair-use policy guidelines . please do not vandalize this page anymore !
0.483448
this is pure and utter crapt both images are fair use and illustrate relevant text in the article the images were originally meant to advertise a product and can be freely shown here under the fairuse policy guidelines please do not vandalize this page anymore 
0.12323636
crap

yea soooo ur stupidd !!!!!!!!! loser
0.73517364
yea soooo ur stupidd oloser 
0.4281829
loser

there's no such thing as pollution on a digital forum , dumbass . no one in #memes or #atheism cared about the article being vanity when it was negative . it was only until the article became a regular wikipedia article and not vanity that i heard the howl's of protests from a gang of gutless thugs who wouldn't dare raise a finger unless they were cowering behind their computer screens . your campaign is a lame attempt to delete one article . the cleaning up of wikipedia . kind of the cleaning up of germany ? i guess you're glad that clean up failed or you would have never been born . take your lame campaigns somewhere else . your mind games are boring .
0.62902105
theres no such thing as pollution on a digital forum du mbass no one in memes or atheism cared about the article being vanity when it was negative it was only until the article became a regular wikipedia article and not vanity that i heard the howls of protests from a gang of gutless thugs who wouldnt dare raise a finger unless they were cowering behind their computer screens your campaign is a lame attempt to delete one article the cleaning up of wikipedia kind of the cleaning up of germany i guess youre glad that clean up failed or you would have never been born take your lame campaigns somewhere else your mind games are boring 
0.5152078
dumbass

i'm not really sure where to respond , but here goes anyway . i don't see how pointing out a fact is , racist . if i was to point out that african americans have darker skin than whites , would i be deemed a , racist ? i don't think so . it is a fact that the kkk was formed to protect white southerners from blacks and northerners during the rape of the south that ensued the civil war . do you really believe it was formed by a bunch of slack jawed yokels to , hate on blacks ? sure , racism was a part of it , but it was not the defining birthmark of the kkk .
0.52825195
im not really sure where to respond but here goes anyway i dont see how pointing out a fact is racist if i was to point out that african americans have darker skin than whites would i be deemed a racist i dont think so it is a fact that the kkk was formed to protect whitie southerners from blacks and northerners during the rape of the south that ensued the civil war do you really believe it was formed by a bunch of slack jawed yokels to hate on blacks sure racism was a part of it but it was not the defining birthmark of the kkk 
0.52527016
white

go away with your civil stuff , mate . if you'd have a sense discussion style , you'd be able to say excuse me , you're right on that instead of ignoring whole arguments on a high horse . you may be a long-time editor here , but in this particular case my assertion stands . as for the argument on gundell/gardell : likely perhaps , but an assumption . you can't verify that , either , unless you are able to verify in the book . you did not state wether you verified , or not . i have to assume you are an authority somehow . great example of how to inject untruth in wikipedia . next time wikipedia's credibility is of subject somewhere , i'll be sure to reference to this case . just to point out the obvious : as argument in that , it doesn't matter if its true or not , since the problem is that it is unclear wether its verified , or not .
0.14347282
go away with your civil stuff mate if youd have a sense discussion style youd be able to say excuse me youre right on that instead of ignoring whole arguments on a high horse you may be a longtime editor here but in this particular case my assertion stands as for the argument on gundellgardell likely perhaps but an assumption you cant verify that either unless you are able to verify in the book you did not state wether you verified or not i have to assume you are an authority somehow great example of how to inject umntruth in wikipedia next time wikipedias credibility is of subject somewhere ill be sure to reference to this case just to point out the obvious as argument in that it doesnt matter if its true or not since the problem is that it is unclear wether its verified or not 
0.11810385
untruth

= = bearcat stadium = = thanks john for your kind comments . i was very surprised to see a division ii stadium get that kind of notice . but stemming from that you might be interested in an article i just posted list of presidents of the american football coaches association . it should probably go in the wiki project also . thanks again !
0.036512263
bearcat stadium thanks john for your kind comments i was very surprised to see a division ii stadium get that kind of notice but stemming  from that you might be interested in an article i just posted list of presidents of the american football coaches association it should probably go in the wiki project also thanks again 
0.028117439
stemming

= = kosoo , yugoslavia , serbia = = can you find here in rez 1244 and last statment of cg the combination of strings serbia just find this combination and i will accept your faculty or what ever you have wrotit here . i know thate you are dreaming about rusia als superpower evean if you eat usb brot . neverminde just find this combination kosovo als part serbia in the paper witch was acceptyt from usa and rusia and un since 1999 . - hipi
0.11620368
kosoo yugoslavia serbia can you find here in rez 1244 and last statment of cg the combination of strings serbia just find this combination and i will accept your faculty or what ever you have wrotit here i know thate you are dreaming about rusia als superpower evean if you eat usb brot neverminde just find this combination kosovo als part serbia in the paper witchq was acceptyt from usa and rusia and un since 1999 hipi 
0.058353137
witch

