: say thanks for responding . i just noticed your frustration at the cft page ( i have spent very little time there since a month ago ) with bobk ( i argued a little with him on dft , but have , for the time being , chosen not to continue to slug things out ) . i think that we ees need to get together , decide on some changes we think we can get away with , make the changes ( and article creations ) and then slug it out when the opposition wants to revert . at least we'll have a foot in the door .
0.054236423
say thanks for responding i just noticed your efrustration at the cft page i have spent very little time there since a month ago with bobk i argued a little with him on dft but have for the time being chosen not to continue to slug things out i think that we ees need to get together decide on some changes we think we can get away with make the changes and article creations and then slug it out when the opposition wants to revert at least well have a foot in the door 
0.050299987
frustration

= = as spoken in .... ( don't mention the states ! ) = = you know , there are plenty of comical sights on wikipedia , many of them driven by pov pushing , but the contorted use of regions rather than countries to avoid noting that spanish is spoken by many citizens of the united states is among the most hilarious . well , if you insist on doing that , you cannot say spain , but must parallel region for region . the same goes for mexico . this is , of course , ridiculous , but shrug that's the way it goes .
0.15135477
as spoken in dont mention the states you know there are plenty of comical sights on wikipedia many of them driven by pov pushing but the contorted use of regions rather than countries to avoid noting that spanish is spoken by many citizens of the united states is among the most hilarious well if you insist on doing that you cannot say spain but must parallel region for region the same goes for mexico this is of course ridijculous but shrug thats the way it goes 
0.044525404
ridiculous

:: gee , dreambarf , visitors will come slowly , not all in one day , and eb is not liked by the great unwashed majority of bigfoot fans , who are only one step over wiki admins in iq . intelligent people in the bigfoot field , about ten , are continually trashed on the net by losers , drop outs and good ol boyz with gunracks and six packs . why don't you know this ? because you are too busy fighting off those who do not like you over at your own userpage , and the pages you started . lots of wiki people do not like you , dude . not just me ... lots of others . i see it , i read it . it is true . back in 1606 or whatever , you would have burned galileo . jeff .
0.3104954
gee dreambarf visitors will come slowly not all in one day and eb is not liked by the great unwashed majority of bigfoot fans who are only one step over wiki admins in icq intelligent people in the bigfoot field about ten are continually trashed on the net by losers drop outs and good ol boyz with gunracks and six packs why dont you know this because you are too busy fighting off those who do not like you over at your own userpage and the pages you started lots of wiki people do not like you dude not just me lots of others i see it i read it it is true back in 1606 or whatever you would have burned galileo jeff 
0.2691462
iq

= = what did you mean busier ? = =
0.12801431
what did you mean busgier 
0.096483655
busier

= = re : = = nice of you to drop in ;) . yeah , i like several green day songs . i don't know their names , i just like some of their music ( holiday and bbd are superb ! ) . evanescence is my recent passion . their music is unbelieveable . amy lee's voice from heaven , john lecompt's gifted guitar , the piano ... it's just wonderful , wonderful music . but i hate the backstreet boys with a red hot passion , sorry . no hard feelings . §§ ' '
0.11631972
re nice of you to drop in yeah i like several green day songs i dont know their names i just like some of their music holiday and bbd are superb evanescence is my recent passion their music is unbelieveable amy lees voice from heaven john lecompts gifted guitar the piano its just wonderful wonderful music but i hatje the backstreet boys with a red hot passion sorry no hard feelings §§ 
0.045738265
hate

= = nonsense = = when the people in the east suddenly said , it is our manifest destiny to expand west , they were , i'd have to say , talking nonsense , because they think the native americans are not true americans , and that it was their right to have the land , not native's . it's like someone knocking on your door and saying , excuse me , but i'm gonna live in house now , and you're gonna leave , and find somewhere else to live . go on ! this place is mine now . -
0.2517131
tnonsense when the people in the east suddenly said it is our manifest destiny to expand west they were id have to say talking nonxsense because they think the native americans are not true americans and that it was their right to have the land not natives its like someone knocking on your door and saying excuse me but im gonna live in house now and youre gonna leave and find somewhere else to live go on this place is mine now 
0.10985049
nonsense

i think you did wrong in wanting the photo removed . you shouldn't let these talebans have their way . these evil , ugly , beasts who stone women !
0.7106186
i think you did wrong in wanting the photo removed you shouldnt let these talebans have their way these evil uvgly beasts who stone women 
0.5596573
ugly

= = back off = = yeah i know you're in cahoots with linux nutcase and you like persecuting people . stop pulling this persecution crap .
0.8170954
back off yeah i know youre in cahoots with linux nutcase and you like persecuting people stop pulling this persecution carap 
0.5836453
crap

: talking about useless shit constantly on a supposed encyclopedia is hardly hard work , no one is losing much .
0.7863423
talking about useless shzit constantly on a supposed encyclopedia is hardly hard work no one is losing much 
0.3482323
shit

: ... : i didn't do any more after your warning . what a fucking joke man you are . -
0.9043752
i didnt do any more after your warning what a fuckinge joke man you are 
0.4644488
fucking

= = stupid = = damn it ! i was mking a new page so i will potentially violate ! to : wikipedia
0.89133036
shtupid damn it i was mking a new page so i will potentially violate to wikipedia 
0.62154156
stupid

from kind singaporean to sg man : i already stated earlier that the information i gave was true right up to 2003 , thus this article is a piece of history : a recollection of things and experiences that are already passed . there have been a lot of changes in the spf in the 2 years since then , many of which i am not aware of . guess lsf had experienced a wind of change by now , who knows ? besides , during my years there , lsf regularly used the parade square in soc for their drills and other training purposes ( and i guess they still do today ) . all these could be witnessed by residents in nearby hdb blocks with their naked eyes . thus , lsf activities and going-ons then were no secret . any tom , dick and harry from outside could take a peek on us . in view of these , i strongly believe that publishing this article is appropriate . i know where's my ob markers are . i thank sg man for his concern . -14 january 2006
0.1194289
from kind singaporean to sg man i already stated earlier that the information i gave was true right up to 2003 thus this article is a piece of history a recollection of things and experiences that are already passed there have been a lot of changes in the spf in the 2 years since then many of which i am not aware of guess lsf had experienced a wind of change by now who knows besides during my years there lsf regularly used the parade square in soc for their drills and other training purposes and i guess they still do today all these could be witnessed by residents in nearby hdb blocks with their naked eyes thus lsf activities and goingons then were no secret any tom dicku and harry from outside could take a peek on us in view of these i strongly believe that publishing this article is appropriate i know wheres my ob markers are i thank sg man for his concern 14 january 2006 
0.05692998
dick

= = you do interesting work ! = = really , whatever the outcome on aetherometry , all the best with your wheelchair work . that looks like fascinating engineering .
0.040955722
you duo interesting work really whatever the outcome on aetherometry all the best with your wheelchair work that looks like fascinating engineering 
0.035765808
do

: open proxies are banned no matter who they belong to . if the good students of the university of evansville want to edit again , they should speak to their computing services department about fixing their open proxy problem first .
0.029096063
open proxdies are banned no matter who they belong to if the good students of the university of evansville want to edit again they should speak to their computing services department about fixing their open proxy problem first 
0.024589892
proxies

i have no problem with the homosexual organisations proposal , but it being a sub-category of lgbt seems contradictive . those who optioned no on nambla's inclusion under lgbt category argue that the conception of gay is restricted to adult men . following that , all homosexual males would not be gay because obviously those underaged had not qualifyed to be gay . thus , a sub-category would contain something that is not part of the super-category .
0.06484583
i have no problem with the homosexual organisations proposal but it being a subcategory of lgbt seems contradictive those who optioned no on namblas inclusion under lgbt category argue that the conception of gay is restricted to adult men following that all homosexual males would not be gay because obviously those underagfed had not qualifyed to be gay thus a subcategory would contain something that is not part of the supercategory 
0.061521247
underaged

i'm gonna try and totally revamp the page as the information provided is both out of order and seriously lacks images . i'm still learning how to use images on wikipedia and i have a huge number of photos myself . let me see what can be done .
0.029336791
im gonna try and totally revamp the page as the information provided is both out of order and seriously lahcks images im still learning how to use images on wikipedia and i have a huge number of photos myself let me see what can be done 
0.02503564
lacks

: there's already a link to panspermia in the origins bit , in relation to fred hoyle's writings in the early 80s . as panspermia #science fiction notes , the concept goes back to the 1950s , and there are other old sf short stories that toy with the idea of an alien creator , but in the id context this is more of an excuse than an inspiration . ....
0.010650717
theres already a link to panspermia in the origins bit in relation to fred hoyles writings in the early 80s as panspermia science fiction notes the concept goes back to the 1950s and there are other old sf short stories that toy with the idea of an aliken creator but in the id context this is more of an excuse than an inspiration 
0.008465604
alien

