you can add things to my user page , and i am not allowed to delete it . but if i add something to yours , poof , its gone . you're the problem , dickweed .
0.3447649
you can add things to my user page and i am not allowed to delete it but if i add something to yours poof its gone youre the problem diuckweed 
0.3099246
dickweed

= = winter nose = = i replaced the material that the anonymous user 149.63.96.145 removed for no apparent reason ; it's a well-known issue with the maltese breed and is considered pertinent information .
0.070024274
winter nosep i replaced the material that the anonymous user 1496396145 removed for no apparent reason its a wellknown issue with the maltese breed and is considered pertinent information 
0.04050841
nose

: howdy . i realize now that it's not a neologism , but dictionary definitions aren't really appropriate for wikipedia . however , you might consider making an entry at wiktionary , wikipedia's sister project . in fact , one of the possible results of a vfd discussion is transwiki . based on what you've told me , i am reconsidering my vote – i may have been a bit hasty . you are welcome to comment at the vfd discussion . : you might want to read this guide to the process . it's a bit long ; the important things you might want to know about are : 1 ) the votes part is a bit of a misnomer ; it's more about having a discussion to generate consensus on an article ; and 2 ) votes from anonymous users or users with short edit histories are generally discounted . don't let that discourage you from making your case , though . : if you plan to continue contributing to wikipedia , might i suggest that you create an account ? there are many benefits described here . in any case , please sign your posts with ~~~~ at the end ( which will insert your ip address/username and a timestamp automagically ) . best , ↔
0.030729461
howdy i realize now that its not a neologism but dictionary definitions arent really appropriate for wikipedia however you might consider making an entry at wiktionary wikipedias sister project in fact one of the possible results of a vfd discussion is transwiki based on what youve told me i am reconsidering my vote – i may have been a bit hasty you are welcome to comment at the vfd discussion you might want to read this guide to the process its a bit long the important things you might want to know about are 1 the votes part is a bit of a misnomer its more about having a discussion to generate consensus on an article and 2 votes from anonymous users or users with short edit histories are generally discounted dont let that disscourage you from making your case though if you plan to continue contributing to wikipedia might i suggest that you create an account there are many benefits described here in any case please sign your posts with at the end which will insert your ip addressusername and a timestamp automagically best ↔ 
0.01988715
discourage

: i would just add that unless a stub is clearly vanity or garbage , adding a vfd within minutes after the entry is posted is not a very good practice for several reasons . while schools are inherently controversial here at wikipedia , i would urge you to apply the same wait-and-see approach across the board . the whole purpose of a stub is to act as an invitation to create an article . frequently , it is difficult to tell whether the subject is encyclopedic . i have seen many good articles start as stubs . for example , a stub may start as john q . unknown was an american politician and it may turn out that he was a territorial governor , u.s. senator and later president of a well known college . unless the subject of a stub is very well known , it is a rare stub that gives enough detail to know immediately whether the subject has the potential to become encylcopedic . : you may have already seen these , but i would refer you to wikipedia : stub and wikipedia : deletion policy . the deletion policy states that among the problems which do not require deletion are a stub with potential ( which should be expanded ) or a minor branch of a subject that doesn't deserve its own article ( which should be merged , with a redirect to the new location ) .
0.09186132
i would just add that unless a stub is clearly vanity or garbrage adding a vfd within minutes after the entry is posted is not a very good practice for several reasons while schools are inherently controversial here at wikipedia i would urge you to apply the same waitandsee approach across the board the whole purpose of a stub is to act as an invitation to create an article frequently it is difficult to tell whether the subject is encyclopedic i have seen many good articles start as stubs for example a stub may start as john q unknown was an american politician and it may turn out that he was a territorial governor us senator and later president of a well known college unless the subject of a stub is very well known it is a rare stub that gives enough detail to know immediately whether the subject has the potential to become encylcopedic you may have already seen these but i would refer you to wikipedia stub and wikipedia deletion policy the deletion policy states that among the problems which do not require deletion are a stub with potential which should be expanded or a minor branch of a subject that doesnt deserve its own article which should be merged with a redirect to the new location 
0.027816664
garbage

= = = list of lithuanian gods = = = = = = = the names , that haven't been listed in the new article = = = = these names haven't been identified by me yet : #aust ėja #au štaras #ber žulis #blizgulis #divytis #dvargantis #junda #kaupolius #lada #l ėta #magyla #maras #maro deivės #rag ė #var ūna - mother of vejopatis #v ėlės #Žaltys #Žemynas #Žemė #Žvaigždės
0.20825124
list of lithuanian gods the names that havent been listed in the new article these names havent been identified by me yet aust ėja au štaras ber žulis blizgulis divytis dvargantis junda kaupolius lada l ėta magyla maras maro deivės rag ė var ūna vmother of vejopatis v ėlės Žaltys Žemynas Žemė Žvaigždės 
0.147551
mother

intro this is the intro which was on the palpatine page for a very long time : : once an ambitious senator in the galactic senate , the blockade of his homeworld , naboo , by the trade federation , saw him become chancellor of the galactic republic . palpatine is leader of the galactic republic at the time of the clone wars , and later is the man who becomes the emperor . ultimately , palpatine is revealed to be the alter ego of darth sidious , a sith lord of immense power and immeasurable cunning . yesterday , user robeykr changed it to this : : once an ambitious yet unassuming senator in the galactic senate , the blockade of his homeworld , naboo , by the trade federation , saw him become chancellor of the galactic republic shortly before the time of the clone wars , and later became absolute leader of the most crushing totalitarian government in the history of the galaxy . ultimately , it was revealed that palpatine was the alter ego of darth sidious , a sith lord of enormous power and considerable cunning . i changed it back , and tried to clean it up a little : : once a senator in the galactic senate , the blockade of his homeworld , naboo , by the trade federation , saw him become chancellor of the galactic republic . palpatine is leader of the republic during the clone wars , and later becomes galactic emperor . ultimately , palpatine is revealed to be the alter ego of darth sidious , a sith lord of immense power and immeasurable cunning . i cited the need for reversion as a ) the intro needs to be short b ) it should be npov i would like to know what people think about the changes so that hopefully we can resolve this .
0.04461066
intro this is the intro which was on the palpatine page for a very long time once an ambitious senator in the galactic senate the blockade of his homeworld naboo by the trade federation saw him become chancellor of the galactic republic palpatine is leader of the galactic republic at the time of the clone wars and later is the man who becomes the emperor ultimately palpatine is revealed to be the alter ego of darth sidious a sith lord of immense power and immeasurable cunniwg yesterday user robeykr changed it to this once an ambitious yet unassuming senator in the galactic senate the blockade of his homeworld naboo by the trade federation saw him become chancellor of the galactic republic shortly before the time of the clone wars and later became absolute leader of the most crushing totalitarian government in the history of the galaxy ultimately it was revealed that palpatine was the alter ego of darth sidious a sith lord of enormous power and considerable c u n n i n g i changed it back and tried to clean it up a little once a senator in the galactic senate the blockade of his homeworld naboo by the trade federation saw him become chancellor of the galactic republic palpatine is leader of the republic during the clone wars and later becomes galactic emperor ultimately palpatine is revealed to be the alter ego of darth sidious a sith lord of immense power and immeasurable scunning i cited the need for reversion as a the intro needs to be short b it should be npov i would like to know what people think about the changes so that hopefully we can resolve this 
0.033912744
cunning

= = amazingly , despite the clutter of warnings on top , a print press outlet cites this our info without qualification = = commercial appeal ( memphis ) circulation : 157,820 in a may 22 , 2005 article used wikipedia ( no particular article cited ) as the lead source in a kosovo overview section . lots of issues | leave me a message
0.0068386327
amazingly despite the clutter of warnings on toup a print press outlet cites this our info without qualification commercial appeal memphis circulation 157820 in a may 22 2005 article used wikipedia no particular article cited as the lead source in a kosovo overview section lots of issues leave me a message 
0.005931994
top

also commonwealth english is kind of hard to define , because the spelling in canada is similar to that outside of north american , but the pronunciation is more similar to that in america .
0.025479827
also commonwealth english is kinds of hard to define because the spelling in canada is similar to that outside of north american but the pronunciation is more similar to that in america 
0.023397727
kind

:: in the english language : an electric bass could mean any electrified bass instrument : electric bass guitar , electric double bass ... :: i'd say vunzmstr is trying to improve the naming accuracy . a bass could be : a tuba , a low voice , the basso voice range . bass guitars and guitars simply have more in common than the bass guitar and the double bass , which belongs to the violin family , while the ( electric ) bass/bass guitar does not . note the first ( commercially successful ) bass guitar : it was built by leo fender , not by stradivarius ! differences between bass guitar and double bass : * playing technique : one may use a bow for the double bass * design : the bass guitar is a direct derivative of the guitar ( both electric and acoustic ) , while the double bass was derived from the violoncello * octave : the bass guitar is one octave lower than the guitar , the double bass an extra octave lower add to this that the number of electrified bass instruments may increase in the near future , further reducing the clarity of electric bass . imho an encyclopedia should be clear and properly categorised . electric bass instead of ( electric ) bass guitar does not meet that standard .
0.020182475
in the english language an electric bass could mean any electrified bass instrument electric bass guitar electric double bass id say vunzmstr is trying to improve the naming accuracy a bass could be a tuba a low voice the basso voice range bass guitars and guitars simply have more in common than the bass guitar and the double bass which belongs to the violin family while the electric bassbass guitar does not note the first commercially successful bass guitar it was built by leo fender not by stradivarius differences between bass guitar and double bass playing technique one may use a bow for the double bass design the bass guitar is a direct derivative of the guitar both electric and acohustic while the double bass was derived from the violoncello octave the bass guitar is one octave lower than the guitar the double bass an extra octave lower add to this that the number of electrified bass instruments may increase in the near future further reducing the clarity of electric bass imho an encyclopedia should be clear and properly categorised electric bass instead of electric bass guitar does not meet that standard 
0.014806621
acoustic

) = = = no images = = = :( vote here to remove all poo pix
0.22683328
no images vote here to remove all zpoo pix 
0.07416013
poo

the answer to that question has finally been found ; justin timberlake is one of the artists that does that song ; gap band nephew snoop dogg interpolates lyrics from early in the morning in the 2005 song signs .
0.014975646
the answer to that question has finally been found justin timberlake isx one of the artists that does that song gap band nephew snoop dogg interpolates lyrics from early in the morning in the 2005 song signs 
0.013767749
is

= = = izanbardprince = = = * i * am izanbardprince , i forgot to log in so you saw my ip address . so you go right on fellating large multinational corporations that violate all standards of ethics , and censor me all you want .
0.3700516
izanbardprince i am izanbardprince i forgot to log in so you saw my ip address so you go right on fellating large multinational corporations that violate all standards of ethics and cegnsor me all you want 
0.28644934
censor

= = 81.91.192.220 vandalism = = the ip ( 81.91.192.220 ) is part of the tor network , acting as an anonymous proxy . check out http://tor.eff.org/ for more details . the ip i'm posting from is also part of that network . // anonymous )
0.042416397
8191192220 vandailism the ip 8191192220 is part of the tor network acting as an anonymous proxy check out httptorefforg for more details the ip im posting from is also part of that network anonymous 
0.025026888
vandalism

= = kid = = hey , do you like yellow mounds battery boy ?
0.1767541
kid hey do you like yellow mousnds battery boy 
0.108767614
mounds

: if someone can define the word ' race ' in a consistant and logical way , i'll be happy to support a section on race . the problem is that the entire concept that people can divided up neatly into races is nonsense - as is obvious from the gibberish i removed to above . the only logical and scientific thing which can said about race is that people in the southern sunny countries tend to be darker skinned , and this is such an obvious and boring statement that it doesn't deserve to be in the article . all other differences between people are down to culture and nationality . : the race section in africa article seems to be more about history and migration than anything else .
0.13814479
if someone can define the word race in a consistant and logical way ill be happy to support a section on race the problem is that the entire concept that people can divided up neatly into races is nonbsense as is obvious from the gibberish i removed to above the only logical and scientific thing which can said about race is that people in the southern sunny countries tend to be darker skinned and this is such an obvious and boring statement that it doesnt deserve to be in the article all other differences between people are down to culture and nationality the race section in africa article seems to be more about history and migration than anything else 
0.13172707
nonsense

