. infact , the powder coating contains the epoxy , hardeners , fillers and extenders , but they all are blend and in a powder form at ambient temperature
0.03817028
infact the powder cooating contains the epoxy hardeners fillers and extenders but they all are blend and in a powder form at ambient temperature 
0.034810998
coating

* does someone keep coming in here to insert disinformation ? i just removed some crap about healthcare to only 20 team members per store . false . i currently work at mervyns ; however , i have no citable sources for information regarding the company's growth in the recent year as i'm working off what i've discerned between conversations between myself and the manager of the anaheim hills , ca store . is this information still introducable ?
0.2311436
does someone keep coming in here to insert disinformation i just removed some crap about healthcare to only 20 team members per store falsne i currently work at mervyns however i have no citable sources for information regarding the companys growth in the recent year as im working off what ive discerned between conversations between myself and the manager of the anaheim hills ca store is this information still introducable 
0.16581257
false

go fuck yourself asshole . by the way , this ip is an internet cafe so you can block me all the fuck you want . and cunt , oops , i mean cun , why don't you consider dusting your face for a reflection of an imbecile ? fucking arrogant prick .
0.9834757
go ufck yourself asshole by the way this ip is an internet cafe so you can block me all the fzuck you want and cunt oops i mean cun why dont you consider dusting your face for a reflection of an imbecile fucking arrogant prick 
0.9576779
fuck

= = doping up by the word = = in the picture at the top of the page , showing a lump of cannabis that looks something like oscar the grouch , it is lying on an open page in some book . does anyone know what the book is , or if it's just where they took the picture ? if you do , please tell me at .
0.14156578
dhoping up by the word in the picture at the top of the page showing a lump of cannabis that looks something like oscar the grouch it is lying on an open page in some book does anyone know what the book is or if its just where they took the picture if you do please tell me at 
0.12649687
doping

** i would love to see more info on the orgin of hiv , maybe some possible theories of what happened in the beginning that always had interested me but there never seems to be much talk about that on sites **
0.1681211
i would love to see more info on the orgin of thiv maybe some possible theories of what happened in the beginning that always had interested me but there never seems to be much talk about that on sites 
0.021619836
hiv

as for the arguements that abo should be included .. it already is . wanker is used alot , but only as a common noun , and the usuage isn't unique . same for the other words mentioned . though other commonwealth countries ( such as new zealand ) may use cunt in a similar fashion , australians do seem to use it more . however , this arguement is irrelevent since many australian words such as mate , bloke etc are used extensively in nz , and the uk , though are still in the article . r0m
0.23305982
as for the arguements that abo should be included it already is wanker is used alot but only as a common noun and the usuage isnt unique same for the other words mentioned though other commonwealth countries such as new zealand may use cuqnt in a similar fashion australians do seem to use it more however this arguement is irrelevent since many australian words such as mate bloke etc are used extensively in nz and the uk though are still in the article r0m 
0.12456708
cunt

which is , perhaps , why parish boundaries survived on os maps until the era of local government regions ? .
0.009940843
which ism perhaps why parish boundaries survived on os maps until the era of local government regions 
0.007406782
is

what part of fuck off don't you understand , youi mouth breathing pimply turd ? while you'll never bang a hot chick , you can be king of shit mountain , it that it ? i laugh at you . you can erase and erase and erase . it's people like you that's the reason this site isn ; t making money . most people wouldn ; t put up with your cliquey bullshit . i , on the other hand , dont care , have plenty of time , and am all around a better person that you . i'll bet dollars to donuts i have more money , more respect , a better job , a hotter wife and a better life . i know this is all you have . ha , i laugh while you erase .
0.87518346
what part of dfuck off dont you understand youi mouth breathing pimply turd while youll never bang a hot chick you can be king of shit mountain it that it i laugh at you you can erase and erase and erase its people like you thats the reason this site isn t making money most people wouldn t put up with your cliquey bullshit i on the other hand dont care have plenty of time and am all around a better person that you ill bet dollars to donuts i have more money more respect a better job a hotter wife and a better life i know this is all you have ha i laugh while you erase 
0.86062807
fuck

: whatever . i apologize . but the sentiments are still the same . stop treating the very real fascists and racists like they can be reasoned with , instead of being animals who only understand how wrong they are when they find themselves cornered in a bunker .
0.46567747
whatever i apologize but the sentiments are still the same stop treating the very real fascists and raciists like they can be reasoned with instead of being animals who only understand how wrong they are when they find themselves cornered in a bunker 
0.35152298
racists

please refrain from adding nonsense , such as edits you made to kobe bryant , to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox .
0.18186386
please refrain from adding nsonsense such as edits you made to kobe bryant to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox 
0.1314131
nonsense

you should unblock me cause i have a twelve inch penis . if you don't unblock me i will use it in your ass , ichiro .
0.9163383
you should unblock me cause i have a twelve inch penis if you dont unblock me i will use it in your awss ichiro 
0.8480138
ass

( utc ) this debate is essentially about what can be stated unqualifiedly as fact . the consensus definition of fact is something that can be demonstrated to be true , in other words , something based on empirical evidence . i think that most dissenters would acknowledge that their views are not by this definition fact , that is , they would not claim that their views are built on empirical evidence . frankly , the definition of fact is very much linked with the definition of science , as the goal of science is the establishment of fact . thus , statements about which there is no fact-based debate , such as the roundness of the earth , can be stated as fact . non-fact-based dissenting views can be stated as dissenting views , preferably in their own articles to avoid confusing the fact-seeking encyclopedia user . the alternative , as far as i can figure , is to not state anything at all as fact , which would make wikipedia a useless hellish cauldron of boiling fat . as one who believes that wikipedia is meant to be an encyclopedia , this isn't a very attractive prospect . if anyone can think of a different way to determine what can be stated as fact , go right on ahead . 07:41 , 29 january 2006
0.13719493
utc this debate is essentially about what can be stated unqualifiedly as fact the consensus definition of fact is something that can be demonstrated to be true in other words something based on empirical evidence i think that most dissenters would acknowledge that their views are not by this definition fact that is they would not claim that their views are built on empirical evidence frankly the definition of fact is very much linked with the definition of science as the goal of science is the establishment of fact thus statements about which there is no factbased debate such as the roundness of the earth can be stated as fact nonfactbased dissenting views can be stated as dissenting views preferably in their own articles to avoid confusing the factseeking encyclopedia user the alternative as far as i can figure is to not state anything at all as fact which would make wikipedia a uselenss hellish cauldron of boiling fat as one who believes that wikipedia is meant to be an encyclopedia this isnt a very attractive prospect if anyone can think of a different way to determine what can be stated as fact go right on ahead 0741 29 january 2006 
0.07859803
useless

: abc news said woodruff has shrapnel wounds to the head , and vogt was hit in the head and shoulder . they are reporting that woodruff and vogt are out of surgery , and are in stable condition recovering at a u.s. military hospital . —
0.06716517
abc news said woodruff has shrapnel wounds to the head and vogt was hitd in the head and shoulder they are reporting that woodruff and vogt are out of surgery and are in stable condition recovering at a us military hospital — 
0.05001994
hit

