= = you were right about the personal attack = = so i removed it . i was out of line . 7 july 2005 00:18 ( utc )
0.14472796
you were right about the personal attacsk so i removed it i was out of line 7 july 2005 0018 utc 
0.03263565
attack

reading that i would expect them to have ate least one free generel-purpose pcie slot
0.101294175
reading that i would expect them to have atex least one free generelpurpose pcie slot 
0.08648946
ate

it's a also the name of a famous freelance hooker bar in bangkok , thailand .
0.29282805
its a also the name of a famous freelance hookerd bar in bangkok thailand 
0.03377817
hooker

:::::: forthcoming book :::::: a trio of lds scholars have been funded by the lds church to write a book , tragedy at mountain meadows , to be published by the oxford university press : :::::: ronald w . walker ( byu professor of history ) , :::::: richard e . turley jr. ( managing director of the family and church history department of the church ) , and glen m . leonard ( director of the church's museum of church history and art ) . :::::: the three were granted access to documents in the lds church archives . according to turley , a file in the archives confirms that lee was acting on his own . the file included the notes of a mormon historian who , at the request of church leaders , conducted a confidential investigation of the massacre in 1892 . turley said , there are very candid statements on the part of participants to a church official under the agreement of confidentiality . :::::: while the trio found additional evidence of church leaders ' culpability , turley stated that utahns elsewhere in the territory acted to preserve the lives of other troublesome immigrants . . . unfortunately , the militia and church leaders of iron county made different decisions , and their acts demand the strongest condemnation . . . circumstance may explain their acts ; nothing can justify them . :::::: the new sources the co-authors are using will be made public once their book is published . turley said although the church is cooperating and is funding the research , the work is not a church commission ; the idea to do the book was ours , not theirs . publication apparently has been delayed as the co-authors have tried to be as thorough in their research as possible . according to turley , lds leaders share the authors ' desire to bring all available evidence out in the open . first drafts of the book will be circulated for comment among lds and non-lds parties , including historians and descendants of the perpetrators and victims . open , candid evaluation of that tragedy can produce catharsis , a cleansing spiritual renewal and healing , turley said , adding that the authors will present the evidence as we find it - honestly , openly and candidly . :::::: the above is hardly an example of a brief description , and is far greater than the longest has ever been for the franz books . i have put back a smaller concise , neutral description that should keep all happy . posted central 10 july 2005
0.009283539
forthcoming book a trio of lds scholars have been funded by the lds church to write a book tragedy at mountain meadows to be published by the oxford university press ronald w walker byu professor of history richard e turley jr managing director of the family and church history department of the church and glen m leonard director of the churchs museum of church history and art the three were granted access to documents in the lds church archives according to turley a file in the archives confirms that lee was acting on his own the file included the notes of a mormon historian who at the request of church leaders conducted a confidential investigation of the maqssacre in 1892 turley said there are very candid statements on the part of participants to a church official under the agreement of confidentiality while the trio found additional evidence of church leaders culpability turley stated that utahns elsewhere in the territory acted to preserve the lives of other troublesome immigrants unfortunately the militia and church leaders of iron county made different decisions and their acts demand the strongest condemnation circumstance may explain their acts nothing can justify them the new sources the coauthors are using will be made public once their book is published turley said although the church is cooperating and is funding the research the work is not a church commission the idea to do the book was ours not theirs publication apparently has been delayed as the coauthors have tried to be as thorough in their research as possible according to turley lds leaders share the authors desire to bring all available evidence out in the open first drafts of the book will be circulated for comment among lds and nonlds parties including historians and descendants of the perpetrators and victims open candid evaluation of that tragedy can produce catharsis a cleansing spiritual renewal and healing turley said adding that the authors will present the evidence as we find it honestly openly and candidly the above is hardly an example of a brief description and is far greater than the longest has ever been for the franz books i have put back a smaller concise neutral description that should keep all happy posted central 10 july 2005 
0.005126099
massacre

= = censor = = why are you censoring me ???
0.4082451
ucensor why are you censoring me 
0.32955694
censor

yes . i keep having to re-arrange things to fix that . re the policy - i'd have thought the currently inactive wikipedia : wikiproject bible would have been the appropriate place ?
0.03384571
yes i keep having to rearrange things to fix that re the policy id have thought the currently inactive wikipedia wikiproject bibleh would have been the appropriate place 
0.022722045
bible

: consider this another warning . if i continue to see linkspam from this ip , it will be blocked again , this time for 24 hours .
0.07054575
consider this another warning if i continue to see linkspam from this ip it will be blockerd again this time for 24 hours 
0.058405798
blocked

fuck you i won't do what you tell me ! -anon
0.96678895
fuckb you i wont do what you tell me anon 
0.2388027
fuck

= why am i still blocked ??? = i should be able to edit now , but i can't . why not ???
0.13685687
why am i still zblocked i should be able to edit now but i cant why not 
0.067917086
blocked

::: i would like to say all books , and web entries , should have some relevant description of enough content , or no one would know what the books where about . a single paragraph description of the content is not the same as a lengthy review . i think the current book descriptions are ok . if some jws are not happy , why don't they put some ' positive ' books in the positive section as a balance ? reducing book descriptions until they are meaningless , or so vague that no one knows what they are about , is a rather surreptitious form of direct censorship , or reader manipulation at the least , and should not be encoraged . we all need to be honest about our motives for this or that change to any wikepedia article . i also noted a lot of accusations about pov this and that , but if we feel something is pov , surely we have to put forth a good and specific argument against the information , before it is changed to something else . simply saying , x is pov , therefore i will zap it cannot be good enough . one has to give a specific proven point , not a rhetorical claim , but a factual one that can be proven , or it all just ends up like anarchy , and stifles any real debate or reasonable conclusions to debates . 12th of july 2005
0.020361984
i would like to say all books and web entries should have some relevant description of enough content or no one would know what the books where about a single paragraph description of the content is not the same as a lengthy review i think the current book descriptions are ok if some jws are not happy why dont they put some positive books in the positive section as a balance reducing book descriptions until they are meaningless or so vague that no one knows what they are about is a rather surreptitious form of direct censorship or reader manipulartion at the least and should not be encoraged we all need to be honest about our motives for this or that change to any wikepedia article i also noted a lot of accusations about pov this and that but if we feel something is pov surely we have to put forth a good and specific argument against the information before it is changed to something else simply saying x is pov therefore i will zap it cannot be good enough one has to give a specific proven point not a rhetorical claim but a factual one that can be proven or it all just ends up like anarchy and stifles any real debate or reasonable conclusions to debates 12th of july 2005 
0.017365849
manipulation

um ... ghetto speak stays in the ghetto . educated people pronounce the r .
0.32609907
um g h e t t o speak stays in the ghetpto educated people pronounce the r 
0.2193717
ghetto

wikipedia : dealing with disruptive or antisocial editors
0.22623873
wikipedia dealing with disruptive or anrtisocial editors 
0.18931949
antisocial

: * i think that pretty much sums it up . as for zoilos ii : i meant that his reign should begin no later than 64 bce ( the year after apollodotus ii died and thus the last chance to overstrike his coins ) not 55 as is said now . here is where the artemidoros coin was published . i shall get the bopearachi book . one last question : are there any more kings who struck attic coins without it being mentioned on this site ? strato i , polyxenos , menandros ii , apollodotus ii , hippostratus , epandros , nikias & peucolaus are not accounted for . btw - do you work with numismatics ? i am an amateur historian , almost through with writing a book on the hellenistic age in the east .
0.04636024
i think that pretty much sums it up as for zoilos ii i meant that his reign should begin no later than 64 bce the year after apollodotus ii dried and thus the last chance to overstrike his coins not 55 as is said now here is where the artemidoros coin was published i shall get the bopearachi book one last question are there any more kings who struck attic coins without it being mentioned on this site strato i polyxenos menandros ii apollodotus ii hippostratus epandros nikias peucolaus are not accounted for btw do you work with numismatics i am an amateur historian almost through with writing a book on the hellenistic age in the east 
0.03540257
died

= = translation help needed = = hi jondel ! could you help me figure out the japanese name for pacific krill ? i've found this japanese site , from which i have made some educated guesses . however , as i do not know any japanese at all , it would be really good if you could correct my blundering around at pacific krill ... thanks !
0.035497308
translation help needed hi jondel could you help me figure out the japanese name for pacific krill ive found this japanese site from which i have made some veducated guesses however as i do not know any japanese at all it would be really good if you could correct my blundering around at pacific krill thanks 
0.025707318
educated

a profit charity business organization . panic selling of peanuts ensue and brought about what is known as the great peanut crisis
0.028919652
a profit charity business organization panic selling of peanuts ensuel and brought about what is known as the great peanut crisis 
0.023533376
ensue

:::: thanks for the explanations guys , maybe the coffee hadn't kicked in yet . when wrote profession i was thinking as in what kind of job the individual had . duh ! i'm feeling much better now .
0.06547225
thanks for the explanations guys maybe the coffee hadnt kickefd in yet when wrote profession i was thinking as in what kind of job the individual had duh im feeling much better now 
0.028041959
kicked

