your article on history of the jews in croatia looks like original research , something wikipedia does not tolerate — hence the tag on top of it . please provide sources for your information , otherwise it will get deleted . thank you . slgr @ndson ( - -
0.09994107
your article on history of the kjews in croatia looks like original research something wikipedia does not tolerate — hence the tag on top of it please provide sources for your information otherwise it will get deleted thank you slgr ndson 
0.067842595
jews

thank you for experimenting with the page st paul's school , bald hills on wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.016364696
thank you for experimenting with the page st pauls school baldk hills on wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.008758485
bald

= = silencing dissent ? = = what the hell is with you removing all my comments from talk : september 11 , 2001 attacks ? is only one side of the argument allowed to be presented there ? i was only trying to suggest a little neutrality , so by removing what i said without reason you've shown that you are willing to abuse your position to push a pov .
0.35017252
silencing dissent what the hesll is with you removing all my comments from talk september 11 2001 attacks is only one side of the argument allowed to be presented there i was only trying to suggest a little neutrality so by removing what i said without reason youve shown that you are willing to abuse your position to push a pov 
0.17679767
hell

= = rollo = = why do we call him hrolf , when we don't know if that really was his name ? why do we write danish or norwegian . when we know for sure that there was danes , ( arcording to bayeux tapestry , founds from normandy in denmark , and writing about danish people ) . but don't know if there was norwegians . so why revert my edit ? comanche cph
0.061450683
rollo why do we call him hrolf when we dont know if that really was his name why do we write danish or norwegian when we know for sure that there was danes arcording to bayeux tapestry founids from normandy in denmark and writing about danish people but dont know if there was norwegians so why revert my edit comanche cph 
0.03355895
founds

: not sure . you'd have dig further into what is a quine and what methods are allowed . to me it looks perfectly valid , though it's perhaps an abuse of the unix interpreter mechanism - still , it only adds to it's hack value . 13
0.15094124
not sure youd have dig further into what is a quine and what methods are allowed to me it looks perfectly valid though its perhaps an qabuse of the unix interpreter mechanism still it only adds to its hack value 13 
0.049427196
abuse

: actually i agree with this definition . however , hindutva people have done none of those things . * no centralization ( power distributed among regional political parties ) . congress was centralized under indira gandhi * no socio-economic restrictions ( hindutva prefers capitalism to communism , which the comgress touts ) * nationalism , yes sure . hindutva is a national liberation movement . racism ? nah ! racism is a european ideology . we're all the same race in india . hindus , muslims , sikhs , jains , whatever . this is about religion and the future of indian civilization . race has nothing to do with it . don ; t cloud the issue with meaningless tripe . * hindutva is no more fascist than zionism . only anti-semites and terrorists say that zionism is fascism .
0.31693086
actually i agree with this definition however hindutva people have done none of those things no centralization power distributed among regional political parties congress was centralized under indira gandhi no socioeconomic restrictions hindutva prefers capitalism to communism which the comgress touts nationalism yes sure hindutva is a national liberation movement racism nah racism is a european ideology were all the same race in india hindus muslims sikhs jains whatever this is about religion and the future of indian civilization race has nothing to do with it don t cloud the issue with meaningless tripe hindutva is no more fascinst than zionism only antisemites and terrorists say that zionism is fascism 
0.20615262
fascist

: it appeared to be a renegade . basically , he took vorteus's explanation and filled the section with weasel words in order to give the illusion of npov . however , while zelda does not explicitly say that she's sheik in oot , we see sheik transform into zelda ! the only real explanation would be sheik jumping out of the way and never appearing again , or something like that , and zelda just telling some weird story about disguising herself as a sheikah for no real reason ... and this seriously violates occam's razor . then add in super smash bros . : it's not zelda canon , true , but do you really think nintendo would have let hal get away with making sheik and zelda the same character if they weren't meant to be the same character ?
0.08860746
it appeared to be a renegade basically he took vorteuss explanation and filled the section with weaselj words in order to give the illusion of npov however while zelda does not explicitly say that shes sheik in oot we see sheik transform into zelda the only real explanation would be sheik jumping out of the way and never appearing again or something like that and zelda just telling some weird story about disguising herself as a sheikah for no real reason and this seriously violates occams razor then add in super smash bros its not zelda canon true but do you really think nintendo would have let hal get away with making sheik and zelda the same character if they werent meant to be the same character 
0.060999185
weasel

