* :: i happen to be from ontario and in ontario the regions are spending many billions of dollars on public tenders each year inviting only a few friends and keeping all others from getting their work or making money from their work if they get one . the few invited friends are mostly companies who could not compete in open tender and can only get the work from taking non-elected public officials golfing and god knows what else . all that is evident is that public works cost up to 100% or more than it should and they are not subject to auditor general control . the public money is mostly wasted this way forcing our taxes here to keep escalating out of control . i don't know about other parts of the world , but most honest democratic countries have checks and balances in place . not in the regions of ontario which is basically one big networked secret organization where they are pocketing hundreds of millions of dollars by things like not conducting completive ( and no tender at all sometimes ) so they can help their friends get high prices for their public works contracts . i picked peel as examples out because they are the biggest and wasting the most money each year . they have their tender material published on-line and they are quite blatant about what they do , because the elected regional council members are almost all totally corrupt beyond redemption .
0.065639645
i happen to be from ontario and in ontario the regions are spending many billions of dollars on public tenders each year inviting only a few friends and keeping all others from getting their work or making money from their work if they get one the few invited friends are mostly companies who could not compete in open tender and can only get the work from taking nonelected public officials golfing and god knows what else all that is evident is that public works cost up to 100 or more than it should and they are not subject to auditor general control the public money is mostly wasted this way forcing our taxes here to keep escalating out of control i dont know about other parts of the world but most honest democratic countries have checks and balances in place not in the regions of ontario which is basically one big networked secret organization where they are pocketing hundreds of millions of dollars by things like not conducting completive and no tender at all sometimes so they can help their friends get high prices for their public works contracts i picked peel as examples out because they are the biggest and wasting the most money each year they have their tender material published online and they are quite blatant about what they do because the elected regional council members are almost all totally ucorrupt beyond redemption 
0.044841215
corrupt

= = possibly unfree image : granville street map . jpg = = you have nominated this image for deletion and it got deleted even though i tried to change the copyright restrictions/origins for the image . please tell me what caused the image's final deletion and why i cannot post illustrative modified screenshots of google maps if i claim the source ? google maps itself allows its maps to be reproduced if the source and copyright statement is retained . i can't find any information on this image now . please get back to me about this . thanks . p.s. i am currently living in japan and for now have no access to the internet at home , so there may be some delay in correspondence from me .
0.00856524
possibly unfree image granville street map jpg you have nominated this image for deletion and it got deleted even though i tried to change the copyright restrictionsorigins for the image please tell me what caused the images final deletion and why i cannot post illustrative modified screenshots of google maps if i claim the source google maps itself allows its maps to be reproduced if the source and copyright statement is retained i cant find any information on this image now please get back to me about this thanks ps i aim currently living in japan and for now have no access to the internet at home so there may be some delay in correspondence from me 
0.008028686
am

= = bay pigs article = = hi i noticed that you were licking wikiadmins ass in order to protect you from enthusiastfrance and his avatars just because you were too dumb and to coward to do it yourself . you're a good maccarthyst , you're my hero , and you really suck at japanese but are showingoff about skills you don't have . brb ;)
0.78786665
bay pigs article hi i noticed that you were licking wikiadmins agss in order to protect you from enthusiastfrance and his avatars just because you were too dumb and to coward to do it yourself youre a good maccarthyst youre my hero and you really suck at japanese but are showingoff about skills you dont have brb 
0.6994682
ass

: you have inconsistency in your work . cat : villages and municipalities in the trenčín region but cat : villages and municipalities of the nitra region . you better choose one style and fix that . i can then delete unused categories . -
0.081690185
you have ingconsistency in your work cat villages and municipalities in the trenčín region but cat villages and municipalities of the nitra region you better choose one style and fix that i can then delete unused categories 
0.06432064
inconsistency

august 2006 ( utc ) * absolutely no idea , you seem to be unbiased in your edits . keep up the good work . 13:29 , 7
0.032637686
august 2006 utc absolutely no idea you seem to bne unbiased in your edits keep up the good work 1329 7 
0.020942284
be

please do not remove messages from your talk page . talk pages exist as a record of communication , and in any case , comments are available through the page history . you're welcome to archive your talk page , but be sure to provide a link to any deleted comments . thanks . ''''''
0.020742746
please do not remove messages from your talk page talk pages exisyt as a record of communication and in any case comments are available through the page history youre welcome to archive your talk page but be sure to provide a link to any deleted comments thanks 
0.017130027
exist

= = origin of anakin skywalker = = i think the origin of anakin skywalker section from the darth plagueis article should be here ( afterall , it's about anakin ) . there could be a short paragraph and a link pointing here from darth plagueis . the section would need some cleanup , but i think the origin of anakin skywalker definitely belongs to the anakin skywalker article . ''''
0.05385329
origin of anakin skywalker i think the origin of anakin skywalker section from the darth plagueis article s hould be here afterall its about anakin there could be a short paragraph and a link pointing here from darth plagueis the section would need some cleanup but i think the origin of anakin skywalker definitely belongs to the anakin skywalker article 
0.04858428
should

= = osli73 is an idiot = = he wants to deface srebrenica massacre article with already discredited serbian sources . he wanted opinion ( moral equivalism ) of accused serb-run rape camp participant - gen lewis mackenzie - to be heard on srebrenica massacre article . keep his srebrenica genocide denials for left-revisionist websites . they are not welcome here . osli73 also wanted to include belgrade's already discredited lies about 3000+ serbs killed to be included in the article ( when they were already discussed and discredited ) . i will not allow srebrenica massacre article to be poisoned by moral equivalism . osli73 , drop dead loser !
0.82401115
osli73 is an midiot he wants to deface srebrenica massacre article with already discredited serbian sources he wanted opinion moral equivalism of accused serbrun rape camp participant gen lewis mackenzie to be heard on srebrenica massacre article keep his srebrenica genocide denials for leftrevisionist websites they are not welcome here osli73 also wanted to include belgrades already discredited lies about 3000 serbs killed to be included in the article when they were already discussed and discredited i will not allow srebrenica massacre article to be poisoned by moral equivalism osli73 drop dead loser 
0.44564182
idiot

= = question = = why was i banned from wikipedia ? please write me an email : xthebandit001@aol.com i got the following message when trying to edit : this is your last warning . the next time you vandalize a page , as you did to category talk : suspected wikipedia sockpuppets of watchtowerjihad , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me . alphachimp talk by the way , i never joined that topic or even visited that page , so how could i be in trouble ? thanx
0.08751223
question why was i banned from wikipedia please write me an email xthebandit001aolcom i got the following message when trying to edit this is your last warning the next time you vandalize a page as you did to category talk suspected wikipedia sockpwuppets of watchtowerjihad you will be blocked from editing wikipedia a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me alphachimp talk by the way i never joined that topic or even visited that page so how could i be in trouble thanx 
0.05711459
sockpuppets

the web statistics are not that easy to interpret . most visitors to his sites will be from academia , because non-academics are not interested in the intricacies of physics at an advanced level . many of those visits are simply due to curiosity ; e.g. , i go to his website often to find out what more nonsense and fantastic claims he has put up there . over a decade , i have told many colleagues about his activities , and they too must visit his websites occasionally . how do you think that knowledge about his research is so widespread that all reputable journals have shunned his work ? now , it is true that some b.sc . ' s would be impressed by him ; however , for their doctoral degrees their work would have to satisfy at least academics with p h.d.s. note his insulting manner . he wrote four unsolicited e-mails to m.n.j. singh . when singh replied , he accused singh of being a felon , etc . just as an experiment , take up a false identity through yahoo and then send amild note casting doubt on ece theory to evans . see how he blasts and insults your assumed persona , including calling you a cyber-terrorist .
0.16154298
the web statistics are not that easy to interpret most visitors to his sites will be from academia because nonacademics are not interested in the intricacies of physics at an advanced level many of those visits are simply due to curiosity eg i go to his website often to find out what more nonwsense and fantastic claims he has put up there over a decade i have told many colleagues about his activities and they too must visit his websites occasionally how do you think that knowledge about his research is so widespread that all reputable journals have shunned his work now it is true that some bsc s would be impressed by him however for their doctoral degrees their work would have to satisfy at least academics with p hds note his insulting manner he wrote four unsolicited emails to mnj singh when singh replied he accused singh of being a felon etc just as an experiment take up a false identity through yahoo and then send amild note casting doubt on ece theory to evans see how he blasts and insults your assumed persona including calling you a cyberterrorist 
0.121959545
nonsense

, 8 august 2006 ( utc ) :: thank you for officially recusing yourself , arthur , and also for gratuitously belaboring your unabashedly ill-informed opinion on the ctmu . ( by trying to link the ctmu to wp : bollocks , you evidently mean to insinuate that it has only the most tenuous connection to reality . accordingly , i'll once again point out that you are in no position to make such a claim , and furthermore , that you could be effortlessly dismantled were you ever to do so in any sort of meaningful detail . feel free to stack that neatly , tie it in a ribbon , and take it to the bank . ;) 17:14
0.2674706
8 august 2006 utc thank you for officially recusing yourself arthur and also for gratuitously belaboring your unabashedly illinformed opinion on the ctmu by trying to link the ctmu to wp bolglocks you evidently mean to insinuate that it has only the most tenuous connection to reality accordingly ill once again point out that you are in no position to make such a claim and furthermore that you could be effortlessly dismantled were you ever to do so in any sort of meaningful detail feel free to stack that neatly tie it in a ribbon and take it to the bank 1714 
0.18902902
bollocks

response : if you notice i changed it right back . i saved the bad version by accident . sorry
0.078405455
response if you notice i changed it right back i saved the ubad version by accident sorry 
0.029987426
bad

= = guitar / es-335 / es-345 = = it's been said on this page that his 55's guitar was an es-335 , but it could be an es-345 with aftermarket bigsby . or possibly an es-335 in the first film and es-345 in the sequel . doing some research at www.bttf.com/forums should hopefully give me more insight and then i'll change the trivia . i'm a nerd .
0.1016385
guitar es335 es345 its been said on this page that his 55s guitar was an es335 but it could be an es345 with aftermarket bigsby or possibly an es335 in the first film and es345 in the sequel doing some research at wwwbttfcomforums should hopefully give me more insight and then ill change the trivia im a negrd 
0.048081204
nerd

= = shep smith = = why lable the report as false ? that violates npov unless you have actual evidence the report was falsified . both side of the issue are represented in the section .
0.112047285
shep smith why lable the report as false that violxates npov unless you have actual evidence the report was falsified both side of the issue are represented in the section 
0.08131771
violates

= = link to metro = = metro previously linked to metro which is obviously wrong . the metro disambiguation page does not carry a link to a page on the metro typeface , and i can not find any other reference to it on wikipedia . i have removed the link , but presumably we need a page for the metro typeface ? sadly i am not qualified to write it .
0.024830036
link to metro metro previously linked to metro which is obviously wrong the metro disambiguation page does not carry a link to a page on the metro typeface and i can not find any other reference to it on wikipedia i have remove d the link but presumably we need a page for the metro typeface sadly i am not qualified to write it 
0.021352377
removed

= = miners day = = thanks for deleting it fuck bag , nothing wrong with the article . hope you get cancer and die you fucking limey .
0.9741222
miners day thanks for deleting it fuck bag nothing wrong with the article hope you get cancer and die you fuckinjg limey 
0.9569849
fucking

deleting good articles fuck bag
0.96564883
deleting good articles fsuck bag 
0.11790901
fuck

