and how . wikipedia is not the place to advance a thesis , no matte how valid .
0.03223763
and how wikipedia iss not the place to advance a thesis no matte how valid 
0.022513952
is

= = at least mention him as a pop culture figure not just a basketball player = = michael jordan is not only a worldwide popular and skilled basketball player . he has a huge influence on world popular/sports/corporate/ culture back in the 90's . how about his influence on american pop culture with the air jordans shoes back in the 80's/90's ? it was mention on a previous wikipedia michael jordan article historys but it was deleted by an anonymous person . i can understand getting rid of the merchandise section but to get rid of air jordans ? = = jordan's skills = =
0.03516335
at least mention him as a pop culture figure not just a basketball player michael jordan is not only a worldwide popular and skilled basketball player he has a huge influence on world popularsportscorporate culture back in the 90s how about his influence on american pop culture with the air jordans shoes back in the 80s90s it was mention on a previous wikipedia michael jordan article historys but it was deleted by an anonymous person i can understand getting r i d of the merchandise section but to get rwid of air jordans jordans skills 
0.03377469
rid

= = re : backlinks = = the backlinks to the list are needless given that the list is listed on top of the category ( after i fixed that myself a few minutes ago ) and that it doesn't provide all that much more information than the category does . there's simply no need to over-link , especially in those articles which are , by and large , stubs .
0.035654023
re backlinks the backlinks to the list are needdless given that the list is listed on top of the category after i fixed that myself a few minutes ago and that it doesnt provide all that much more information than the category does theres simply no need to overlink especially in those articles which are by and large stubs 
0.027221162
needless

: no , christian should not be mentioned on issues such as existence of jesus . as i said above , yes , there are some scholars who doubt the existence of jesus , just like there are some nuts ( including people with ph . ds ) who doubt evolution . you can find all kinds of scholars who say all kinds of stupid things . but what's the consensus among scholars on historicity of jesus ( or , just as an example , consensus among biologists on say evolution ? ) . i don't think there is any doubt about the consensus
0.2523766
no christian should not be mentioned on issues such as existence of jesus as i said above yes there are some scholars who doubt the existence of jesus just like there are some nuts including people with ph ds who doubt evolution you can find all kinds of scholars who say all kinds of stfupid things but whats the consensus among scholars on historicity of jesus or just as an example consensus among biologists on say evolution i dont think there is any doubt about the consensus 
0.08198361
stupid

2004 ( utc ) :: if it's sexually pleasurable and it involves insertion of the penis in the vagina , then i'd say it's probably intercourse . the wording as it stands for some activities is ugly , i'll try to find something better . 01:51 , 8 nov
0.47192731
2004 utc if its sexually pleasurable and it involves insertion of the peanis in the vagina then id say its probably intercourse the wording as it stands for some activities is ugly ill try to find something better 0151 8 nov 
0.32152498
penis

unfortunately it would seem that sql access is disabled for admins atm so a developer would have to do it
0.11429777
unfortunately it would seem that sql access isl disabled for admins atm so a developer would have to do it 
0.0927578
is

: * rgb curves : you just need to convert the image to rgb first , e.g. with the image -> mode -> rgb option on the gimp . : change projection : i would just manually try to reproduce the iso-chromes on the continents . the map does not have a fine resolution anyway . :
0.06600076
rgb curves you just need to convert the image to rgb first eg with the image mode rgb option on the gimp change projection i would just manually try to reprooduce the isochromes on the continents the map does not have a fine resolution anyway 
0.041215383
reproduce

for essentially arbitrary reasons , discussion of that nature would be in the article , communist state . this article is supposedly about the theory of communism .
0.09196795
for essentially arbitrary reasons discussion of that nature would be in the article communisvt state this article is supposedly about the theory of communism 
0.08169002
communist

a page right after a favorable edit is made
0.008768223
a page right after a favorable edit ips made 
0.0057156193
is

artificial sugar would be real sugar made by artifice . artificial sweetners may not be sugar . artificial consciousness is real consciousness made by artifice .
0.0052583553
artificial sugar would be real sugar made by artifice artificial sweetners may not be sugar artificial consciousness ips real consciousness made by artifice 
0.004012463
is

- fruad by nguyenhue aka joseph crisp stolen material from nguyen dynasty of vietnam = = evidence below = = 1 . nguyenhue is a expelled member from the nguyen dynasty staff * about the author joseph crisp aka nguyenhue 2 . he was told by the nguyen dynasty to shut down his website and return all work that belonged to the nguyen dynasty . 3 . the copyright holder for the cuong de biography is the nguyen dynasty noted here the revolutionary prince cuong-de 4 . this is true because nguyenhue points out above that the biography belongs to his geocites site the revolutionary prince cuong-de 5 . he was instructed by the nguyen dynasty to again close his website but simply chose to delete photos of prince nguyen phuc buu chanh and all information related to nguyen dynasty because he was expelled and kept without persmission all biographies and research that was submitted by nguyen dynasty scholars . 6 . as shown here : h.i.h. prince nguyen-phuc buu chanh and nguyen dynasty delegation with british government officials and princes of the royal houses of laos and burma at a meeting of the british committee for free vietnam , laos , cambodia , burma in westminster palace , london 7 . hih prince buu chanh giving a speech before assembled guests and dignitaries after solemn ceremonies in honor of the national hero and saint , fleet admiral-marshal tran hung dao 8 . nguyen thi linh ( my own ' momma linh ' ) sit back and watch the chaos of present opening unfold note : joseph crisp sitting next to nguyen thi linh she is also listed as a supporter on his other website that is a texas based website where joseph crisp goes to university and lives . * about the author joseph crisp 9 . nguyen thi linh from texas listed as a supporter for the expelled group from the nguyen dynasty that is based in texas with please note the bottom of the website that shows support also again nguyen trung de as a supporter . 10 . contributors and supporters of this website : kong jing xue , nguyen trung de , nguyen van tuan , kong zhishu , nguyen thi linh 11 . also note that his own family business is a supporter crisp conservation service of their expelled group i hope this sheds light on this indiviual nguyenhue that is an expelled member of the nguyen dynasty i have found this out doing a little research on the issue over the internet of nguyenhue joseph crisp as his other workers nguyen thi linh & nguyen trung de and the rest supporters in texas that have committed fruad against the nguyen dynasty .
0.03302875
fruad by nguyenhue aka joseph crisp stolen material from nguyen dynasty of vietnam evidence below 1 nguyenhue is a expelled member from the nguyen dynasty staff about the author joseph crisp aka nguyenhue 2 he was told by the nguyen dynasty to shaut down his website and return all work that belonged to the nguyen dynasty 3 the copyright holder for the cuong de biography is the nguyen dynasty noted here the revolutionary prince cuongde 4 this is true because nguyenhue points out above that the biography belongs to his geocites site the revolutionary prince cuongde 5 he was instructed by the nguyen dynasty to again close his website but simply chose to delete photos of prince nguyen phuc buu chanh and all information related to nguyen dynasty because he was expelled and kept without persmission all biographies and research that was submitted by nguyen dynasty scholars 6 as shown here hih prince nguyenphuc buu chanh and nguyen dynasty delegation with british government officials and princes of the royal houses of laos and burma at a meeting of the british committee for free vietnam laos cambodia burma in westminster palace london 7 hih prince buu chanh giving a speech before assembled guests and dignitaries after solemn ceremonies in honor of the national hero and saint fleet admiralmarshal tran hung dao 8 nguyen thi linh my own momma linh sit back and watch the chaos of present opening unfold note joseph crisp sitting next to nguyen thi linh she is also listed as a supporter on his other website that is a texas based website where joseph crisp goes to university and lives about the author joseph crisp 9 nguyen thi linh from texas listed as a supporter for the expelled group from the nguyen dynasty that is based in texas with please note the bottom of the website that shows support also again nguyen trung de as a supporter 10 contributors and supporters of this website kong jing xue nguyen trung de nguyen van tuan kong zhishu nguyen thi linh 11 also note that his own family business is a supporter crisp conservation service of their expelled group i hope this sheds light on this indiviual nguyenhue that is an expelled member of the nguyen dynasty i have found this out doing a little research on the issue over the internet of nguyenhue joseph crisp as his other workers nguyen thi linh nguyen trung de and the rest supporters in texas that have committed fruad against the nguyen dynasty 
0.022209704
shut

= = info and links = = * the cause for invasion : the goal was to remake the political landscape — to drive out the palestine liberation organization and install a right-wing christian lebanese leader prepared to sign a peace deal with israel . but operation peace for galilee ended in failure . : israel launched operation peace for galilee and invaded lebanon in 1982 in what was sold to the israeli public as a bid to drive the palestine liberation organization back from the northern border . sharon went on to drive the plo out of lebanon and to try to install a more friendly regime there . ... the israelis stayed , and their effort to install a new regime ended in disaster . * the invasion was planned : when , in early june 1982 , terrorists of the abu nidal organization , a plo splinter group , badly wounded the israeli ambassador in london during an assassination attempt , israel seized the pretext for launching its long-planned offensive . * the invasion was opposed by the us and the un : : * see u.n. security council resolution 509 : * on june 6 , president reagan , in france to meet with the g-7 heads of government at the versailles economic summit , dispatched habib to israel to try to restore the cease-fire . that same day the united states joined a unanimous u.n. security council resolution demanding that israel withdraw from lebanon and that the border cease-fire be observed by all parties . * other details : : september 15 , 1982 : ariel sharon arrives in beirut to personally direct the idf campaign ... the idf launches sporadic shellfire at sabra and shatila . : september 15 , 1982 : an israeli divisional intelligence officer , providing an update briefing on the situation in the camps , reports to the chief of staff : it seems there are no terrorists there , in the camp ; sabra camp is empty . ( kahan commission final report , p . 24 ) . : two israeli paratroopers tell correspondent michael gerti : on thursday evening , as darkness fell , palestinian women from shatila arrived at the post and hysterically told us that the phalangists were shooting their children and putting the men in trucks . i reported this to my commander , but all he said was : ' it is okay , do not worry . ' my order was to tell the women to go back home . however , many women , and entire families as well , ran away from the camps to the north . i went back and repeated my report over and over . each time , however , the answer was the same : it is okay . ... it was possible to stop the massacre in shatila , even on thursday ; had they acted on what we reported to our commander . ( ha'aretz , september 23 , 1982 ) . 05:25 , 2004 dec 3 ( utc )
0.026995545
info and links the cause for invasion the goal was to remake the political landscape — to drive out the palestine liberation organization and install a rightwing christian lebanese leader prepared to sign a peace deal with israel but operation peace for galilee ended in failure israel launched operation peace for galilee and invaded lebanon in 1982 in what was sold to the israeli public as a bid to drive the palestine liberation organization back from the northern border sharon went on to drive the plo out of lebanon and to try to install a more friendly regime there the israelis stayed and their effort to install a new regime ended in disaster the invasion was planned when in early june 1982 terrorists of the abu nidal organization a plo splinter group badly wounded the israeli ambassador in london during an assanssination attempt israel seized the pretext for launching its longplanned offensive the invasion was opposed by the us and the un see un security council resolution 509 on june 6 president reagan in france to meet with the g7 heads of government at the versailles economic summit dispatched habib to israel to try to restore the ceasefire that same day the united states joined a unanimous un security council resolution demanding that israel withdraw from lebanon and that the border ceasefire be observed by all parties other details september 15 1982 ariel sharon arrives in beirut to personally direct the idf campaign the idf launches sporadic shellfire at sabra and shatila september 15 1982 an israeli divisional intelligence officer providing an update briefing on the situation in the camps reports to the chief of staff it seems there are no terrorists there in the camp sabra camp is empty kahan commission final report p 24 two israeli paratroopers tell correspondent michael gerti on thursday evening as darkness fell palestinian women from shatila arrived at the post and hysterically told us that the phalangists were shooting their children and putting the men in trucks i reported this to my commander but all he said was it is okay do not worry my order was to tell the women to go back home however many women and entire families as well ran away from the camps to the north i went back and repeated my report over and over each time however the answer was the same it is okay it was possible to stop the massacre in shatila even on thursday had they acted on what we reported to our commander haaretz september 23 1982 0525 2004 dec 3 utc 
0.017749554
assassination

should be used . i know this sounds redundant , but it is more accurate .
0.092367634
should be used i know this sounds redmundant but it is more accurate 
0.055702563
redundant

