sorry , jp , but you're not going to win here . if you take that information out again today , you'll be violating the 3rr rule . have a nice day . explain why what i put in is bad , or no dice . sorry . you must work in jackson's front office .
0.13282317
sorry jp but youre not going to win here if you take that information out again today youll be violating the 3rr rule have a nice day explain why what i put in is band or no dice sorry you must work in jacksons front office 
0.108596005
bad

= = pro life = = the word fertilization is clearly spelled with a z , not an s . also fertilization is conception . they're the same thing . referring to the unborn as what is just as biased as referring to them as who . also , putting quotes around the words right to life when explaining the view of pro-lifers shows sarcasm , as if you're mocking their belief . so i don't agree with the reverts from what i've seen at the beginning . also , there's no need to use the words emotive and scientific . this violates npov and is not needed anyway .
0.10951602
pro life the word fertilization is clearly spelled with a z not an s also fertilization is conception theyre the same thing referring to the unborn as what is just as biased as referring to them as who also putting quotes around the words right to life when explaining the view of prolifers shows sarcasmb as if youre mocking their belief so i dont agree with the reverts from what ive seen at the beginning also theres no need to use the words emotive and scientific this violates npov and is not needed anyway 
0.094034895
sarcasm

= = visibility = = is it true that the golden gate bridge is visible from ( outer ) space , or even the international space station ? -
0.009746086
visibility vs it true that the golden gate bridge ins visible from outer space or even the international space station 
0.004946127
is

the license terms have not been observed . wikipedia is a bait-and-switch operation that lies to authors . it cannot enforce a license obtained under false pretenses . the page will come down , and you will still be around here when it does . you will not have the use of material that you and your shit-for-brains fellow cultists labelled original research . i now concede it was all original research and as such it has no palce in wp . take it down , you parasitic ass-wipe .
0.78778446
the license terms have not been observed wikipedia is a baitandswitch operation that lies to authors it cannot enforce a license obtained under false pretenses the page will come down and you will still be around here when it does you will not have the use of material that you and your shitforbrains fellow cultists labelled original research i now concede it was all original research and as such it has no palce in wp take it down you dparasitic asswipe 
0.36470196
parasitic

please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to germaine greer . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.11133921
please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia as you did to germaine greer it is considered vandtalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.10634286
vandalism

= = your reversion of my addition to bjaodn = = why did you remove the content that i submitted ? it did come from the page , though he had changed the page since i submitted it . i didn't make it up , if that's what you thought .
0.08895549
your reversion of my addition to bjaodny why did you remove the content that i submitted it did come from the page though he had changed the page since i submitted it i didnt make it up if thats what you thought 
0.033625357
bjaodn

let me get this . are you saying that ivaw is a reputable publisher but not those milblogs and people who have worked hard to debunk macbeth's claim ?
0.13226633
let me get this are you saying that ivaw is a reputable publisher but not those milblogs and people who have worked hard to debwunk macbeths claim 
0.104286425
debunk

= = barney & barney & friends = = this is very strange . this is how the disambiguation article was on april 19 as 131.162.154.31 restored the deleted material . the next edit by computerjoe with vp here is very strange as vp inserted the material from barney & friends . also neither of the ip's ( 68.60.182.219 & 70.241.90.252 ) in the summary had edited the barney article . now look at this where i roll back the barney & friends article . note that the two ip's are the same as that listed by vp .
0.02987381
barney barney friends this ias very strange this i s how the disambiguation article was on april 19 as 13116215431 restored the deleted material the next edit by computerjoe with vp here ios very strange as vp inserted the material from barney friends also neither of the ips 6860182219 7024190252 in the summary had edited the barney article now look at this where i roll back the barney friends article note that the two ips are the same as that listed by vp 
0.024179276
is

ing mexico's operations today is largely composed by its acquisition of seguros comercial america which was mexico's largest insurance company , they are now loosing their number one position to currently number five ( huge market loss ) , as the public deoes not trust them with their insurance needs , this company was also dominant in the property and casualty markets , until a series of irregularities surfaced and became publicly known , now they are still currently loosing their vast portfolio because of ineptly and negligently handling all of their various insurance claims amongst them the huge the fertinal claim , which was caused by an insured hurricane loss in 2001 , this was a total loss as the insureds mine in baja california was totally destroyed and inundated under water by hurricane juliette , the initial estimated loss was in the region of us dollars 84 million , now it is around the region of 184 million , this for direct damage only , additionally they have to add loss of profits and now loss of market which is valued in the billions of us dollars ! as of the 14th of july 2005 they have been ordered by a mexivcan judge in a court ruling to pay in excess of usd 300 million plus compound interest accrued as of november 2001 to fertinal ( a local prestigiuos mining conglomerate ) this because of the repeated refusal to pay a large proceeding claim , which as of may 29th , 2006 has not been paid , of course ing is resorting to all kinds of legal maneuvers in order to avoid paying said incurred claim , additionally the dutch management inexcussably and ineptly ( and again in a wrong tactical move , wrong as they insult the local mexican judiciary by calling them corrupt adding insult to injury ) blame it on the supposedly corrupt mexican judges instead of blaming it really on their own inept and corrupt local staff once headed by alfonso romo ( who is currently under criminal investigation by his own shareholders , amongst them and led by his father in law , for alleged money mismanagement in the savia affair ) and his useless and reckless staff ! it was about time they honor their due ! the quicker they pay their claims the quicker they restitue their social standing and the less the damage will be inflicted upon ing comercial america in terms of their local image and additionaly in the trust placed upon them by their own reinsurers who now do doubt their inept handling of both underwriting and claims !!! unfortunatelly 6,000 mexicans lost their jobs at fertinal due to ing comercial americas refusal to fully pay the incurred loss ! these people out of desperation might enter the us illegally , thus adding more strain to the us job markets ! for further information please read : http://www.estaeslaverdad.com/inicio.html if you seek your insurance claims in mexico not to be paid in time of need , then this is definitelly the company for you !.
0.17511928
ing mexicos operations today is largely composed by its acquisition of seguros comercial america which was mexicos largest insurance company they are now loosing their number one position to currently number five huge market loss as the public deoes not trust them with their insurance needs this company was also dominant in the property and casualty markets until a series of irregularities surfaced and became publicly known now they are still currently loosing their vast portfolio because of ineptly and negligently handling all of their various insurance claims amongst them the huge the fertinal claim which was caused by an insured hurricane loss in 2001 this was a total loss as the insureds mine in baja california was totally destroyed and inundated under water by hurricane juliette the initial estimated loss was in the region of us dollars 84 million now it is around the region of 184 million this for direct damage only additionally they have to add loss of profits and now loss of market which is valued in the billions of us dollars as of the 14th of july 2005 they have been ordered by a mexivcan judge in a court ruling to pay in excess of usd 300 million plus compound interest accrued as of november 2001 to fertinal a local prestigiuos mining conglomerate this because of the repeated refusal to pay a large proceeding claim which as of may 29th 2006 has not been paid of course ing is resorting to all kinds of legal maneuvers in order to avoid paying said incurred claim additionally the dutch management inexcussably and ineptly and again in a wrong tactical move wrong as they insult the local mexican judiciary by calling them c o r r u p t adding insult to injury blame it on the supposedly cohrupt mexican judges instead of blaming it really on their own inept and corruzpt local staff once headed by alfonso romo who is currently under criminal investigation by his own shareholders amongst them and led by his father in law for alleged money mismanagement in the savia affair and his useless and reckless staff it was about time they honor their due the quicker they pay their claims the quicker they restitue their social standing and the less the damage will be inflicted upon ing comercial america in terms of their local image and additionaly in the trust placed upon them by their own reinsurers who now do doubt their inept handling of both underwriting and claims unfortunatelly 6000 mexicans lost their jobs at fertinal due to ing comercial americas refusal to fully pay the incurred loss these people out of desperation might enter the us illegally thus adding more strain to the us job markets for further information please read httpwwwestaeslaverdadcominiciohtml if you seek your insurance claims in mexico not to be paid in time of need then this is definitelly the company for you 
0.10657735
corrupt

= = seeking editor review commentary ( if you like ) = = hi . in conjunction with my rfa ( that you voted on ) , i have created an editor review , to give people a chance to comment as to ways in which i can branch out or alter my contributions to wikipedia . an rfa seems to solely focus on how one's temperment and contributions relate to how they might handle administrative powers ( and the consensus on that seems to be that i'm not quite ready ); the editor review opens things up a little more to a larger focus , and i'd love to hear community feedback in the sense of that larger focus , too . if you feel you've already expressed yourself sufficiently when casting your vote , then by all means don't worry about it , but if any thoughts come to mind or if you'd like to expound upon any suggestions or commentary , it would be appreciated . in any case , i appreciated you taking the time to express your opinion on my rfa , and i thank you for that . — •
0.01092346
seeking editor review commentary if you like hi in conjunction with my rfa that you voted on i have created an editor review to give people a chance to comment as to ways in which i can branch out or alter my contributions to wikipedia an rfa seems to solely focus on how ones temperment and contributions relate to how they might handle administrative powers and the consensus on that seems to be that im not quite ready the editor review opens things up a little more to a larger focus and id love to hear community feedback in the snense of that larger focus too if you feel youve already expressed yourself sufficiently when casting your vote then by all means dont worry about it but if any thoughts come to mind or if youd like to expound upon any suggestions or commentary it would be appreciated in any case i appreciated you taking the time to express your opinion on my rfa and i thank you for that — • 
0.007876196
sense

scones are cool everybody , woudnt you agree ? they taste good and they are from lots of cultures rock on scones !!!!!!!!!!!!! daylan sucks ......
0.703623
scones are cool everybody woudnt you agree they taste good and they are from lots of cultures rock on scones daylan suckjs 
0.07577357
sucks

- you got to admit that scones are cool and .... thats all well they are multicultural and what not and they taste really gud dont we all agree huh ? huh ? well there should be a band called the rolling scones lol
0.15275654
you got to admit that scones are cool and thats all well they are multicultural and what not and they taste really gud dont we all agree huh huh well there should be a band called the rowlling scones lol 
0.09574881
rolling

= = fagex = = jagex has officially been renamed to fagex . andrew says hi .
0.02501892
fagex jagex haos officially been renamed to fagex andrew says hi 
0.01805216
has

page ! questions ? concerns ? post them below ! |- | style = text-align : left ; padding : 8px ; background-color : #98ff98 | please leave a message . = = = = that was me editting my page . sorry for the confusion . thanks for reminding me to log in , though . ) = = = = thank you for putting that vandalism notice on 69.118.94.155 ' s talkpage . this anon has done this countless times , won't listen to reason , and just vandalized my userpage . please keep a close eye on him ! thank you for the block . he was being quite immature , there . = = iloveminun = = thank you for reverting all of ' s vandalism to the sock puppet claims . i have nothing against the user , there just seems to be compelling evidence to it . not undeniable , just interesting . thank you again , : i requested a check user , and i've found po132 and minun132 are the same person and iloveminun and pokemonfan are the same person . what should i do now ? :: pokemonfan was used vote in a controversial tfd after iloveminun ( who nominated the template ) got told to stop voting delete . pokemonfan also vandalised the user page of the admin taking part in the vote who wouldn't delete it for him . it's more of a larger problem by iloveminun , who is trying to replace serebii , a valued and incredibly useful website most of the actually reference , from hundreds of pokémon articles ( first he tried to remove the template that links to it manually , then from the template that produces references in all the pokémon articles and replace it with his own website , pokémon galaxy . pokémon galaxy is not at present even finished , but it seems to be pushing it . which is how i got caught in everything . ( bit odd how i caught the real sockpuppet when i was originally way off ) thanks , ::: i will . is minun132 being abusive ? hmm , i had missed that . thank you for the offer , i will wait for your return since this is a new situation for me . thanks again , :::: nah , i'm writing i'm just ill . and getting sidetracked . it's nearly done . cheers , :::: is there any particular way to do it ? or do i just note notarize the points and link to the evidence ? done , you can find it here . sorry for the wait , i'm feeling bad and mailer diablo and i were discussing fac problems . cheers , : we did it ! thank you for all the help , i feel slightly embarrassed that someone who has been here a month in so much more knowledgable than i am in certain aspects . if you ever need a hand with something ( fair use , fac , ga ) just drop me a bell . cheers , :: that does explain a lot , i didn't expect a newbie reverting vandalism within 40 edits . how long have you been around then ? [[ user : highwaycello/esper
0.106778696
page questions concerns post them below style textalign left padding 8px backgroundcolor 98ff98 please leave a message that was me editting my page sorry for the confusion thanks for reminding me to log in though thank you for putting that vandalism notice on 6911894155 s talkpage this anon has done this countless times wont listen to reason and just vandalized my userpage please keep a close eye on him thank you for the block he was being quite immature there iloveminun thank you for reverting all of s vandalism to the sock puppeet claims i have nothing against the user there just seems to be compelling evidence to it not undeniable just interesting thank you again i requested a check user and ive found po132 and minun132 are the same person and iloveminun and pokemonfan are the same person what should i do now pokemonfan was used vote in a controversial tfd after iloveminun who nominated the template got told to stop voting delete pokemonfan also vandalised the user page of the admin taking part in the vote who wouldnt delete it for him its more of a larger problem by iloveminun who is trying to replace serebii a valued and incredibly useful website most of the actually reference from hundreds of pokémon articles first he tried to remove the template that links to it manually then from the template that produces references in all the pokémon articles and replace it with his own website pokémon galaxy pokémon galaxy is not at present even finished but it seems to be pushing it which is how i got caught in everything bit odd how i caught the real sockpuppet when i was originally way off thanks i will is minun132 being abusive hmm i had missed that thank you for the offer i will wait for your return since this is a new situation for me thanks again nah im writing im just ill and getting sidetracked its nearly done cheers is there any particular way to do it or do i just note notarize the points and link to the evidence done you can find it here sorry for the wait im feeling bad and mailer diablo and i were discussing fac problems cheers we did it thank you for all the help i feel slightly embarrassed that someone who has been here a month in so much more knowledgable than i am in certain aspects if you ever need a hand with something fair use fac ga just drop me a bell cheers that does explain a lot i didnt expect a newbie reverting vandalism within 40 edits how long have you been around then user highwaycelloesper 
0.08029399
puppet

= = bi article = = i did remove the string implants . they are completely banned , and there is no adjunct study , unlike silicone implants . at the very least , let's discuss all of this on the discussion page . that is what was originally agreed by others . i think we should honor that .
0.043759838
bi article i did remove the string implants they are completely banned and there si no adjunct study unlike silicone implants at the very least lets discuss all of this on the discussion page that ios what was originally agreed by others i think we should honor that 
0.039989717
is

