= = third rate hacks on the delete button but they contribute nothing of value = = its really pathetic to see that a low grade hack like damac can just go around deleteing everything that upsets his unshakable ignorence . he reigns like a tyrant over the main page , blocking out any facts which conflict with his propaganda line , then when people try to provide wikipedia users with some genuine information he deletes it . its funny how he deleted the section a short history of republican sinn féin . was it because the article showed up his efforts on the main article page for the third rate garbage it is ? censorship and disinformation will be the order of the day until wikipedia find some genuine people to edit this page - not third rate hacks . anyway i intend to make a formal complaint to wikipedia about the behaviour of damac and demiurge ( if they are not the same person ) lets see how they scurry about trying to conceal the evidence of their bias and ignorence .
0.32129502
third rate hacks on the delete button but they contribute nothing of value its really pathtetic to see that a low grade hack like damac can just go around deleteing everything that upsets his unshakable ignorence he reigns like a tyrant over the main page blocking out any facts which conflict with his propaganda line then when people try to provide wikipedia users with some genuine information he deletes it its funny how he deleted the section a short history of republican sinn féin was it because the article showed up his efforts on the main article page for the third rate garbage it is censorship and disinformation will be the order of the day until wikipedia find some genuine people to edit this page not third rate hacks anyway i intend to make a formal complaint to wikipedia about the behaviour of damac and demiurge if they are not the same person lets see how they scurry about trying to conceal the evidence of their bias and ignorence 
0.25914627
pathetic

= = don't touch my page = = even though you were reverting vandalism , i don't want anyone dumb enough to support quebec sovereignty to touch my user page in any way .
0.40650737
dont touch my page even though you were reverting vandalism i dont want anyone duomb enough to support quebec sovereignty to touch my user page in any way 
0.27386543
dumb

= = additional information = = i wonder if we could embellish the narrative on this election . there were at least three very important developments in this race . 1 . it was the first presidential election in which the national ticket was nominated in conventions . the anti-masonic , national republican , and democratic parties held national conventions . 2 . one of the major issues was nullification ( the idea that states could ' nullify ' or veto congressional legislation ) . calhoun refused to run with jackson for this reason , and south carolina entered a brief anti-democratic phase . calhoun resigned as vp , the first person to do that , and became an anti-administration u.s. senator . 3 . another major issue was the national bank . clay forced a vote on extending the charter of the bank in the summer of 1832 . jackson vetoed it . clay felt that the bank would be critical to economic development . jackson did not have a specific policy - van buren later created the independent treasury system which laid the groundwork for the banking system which is still in place .
0.021776121
additional information i wonder if we could embellish the narrative on this election there were at least three very important developments in this racje 1 it was the first presidential election in which the national ticket was nominated in conventions the antimasonic national republican and democratic parties held national conventions 2 one of the major issues was nullification the idea that states could nullify or veto congressional legislation calhoun refused to run with jackson for this reason and south carolina entered a brief antidemocratic phase calhoun resigned as vp the first person to do that and became an antiadministration us senator 3 another major issue was the national bank clay forced a vote on extending the charter of the bank in the summer of 1832 jackson vetoed it clay felt that the bank would be critical to economic development jackson did not have a specific policy van buren later created the independent treasury system which laid the groundwork for the banking system which is still in place 
0.014115922
race

= = what a load of crap ! = = i saw alexis arquette on tv bragging to andrea lowell about how big his dick is . how am i supposed to believe that this thing is a woman ? don't piss on my back and tell me it's raining ! just because the guy likes to wear falsies and dress up like a woman , that doesn't mean he's a woman . so , he's said he may get sex reassignment surgery . well , he's obviously a publicity-hog , and he'll say whatever the hell he can to get attention . you so-called transsexuals should hitch your wagons to another star , because this guy is not a good example for your cause . dr. weiss , it makes me wonder what kind of professor you are wasting your time spilling ink on the talk page for a d-list celebrity fuckup like alexis arquette . which diploma mill did you get your degree from ?
0.75558573
what a load of crfap i saw alexis arquette on tv bragging to andrea lowell about how big his dick is how am i supposed to believe that this thing is a woman dont piss on my back and tell me its raining just because the guy likes to wear falsies and dress up like a woman that doesnt mean hes a woman so hes said he may get sex reassignment surgery well hes obviously a publicityhog and hell say whatever the hell he can to get attention you socalled transsexuals should hitch your wagons to another star because this guy is not a good example for your cause dr weiss it makes me wonder what kind of professor you are wasting your time spilling ink on the talk page for a dlist celebrity fuckup like alexis arquette which diploma mill did you get your degree from 
0.6500778
crap

i am asking you to promptly naff off .
0.34589112
i am asking you to promptly naffi off 
0.33613265
naff

= = nootka sound convention = = much has been made of this by the pro-argentine lobby , but the only source they cite is another wikipedia article - sovereignty of the falkland islands - and according to wikipedia policy on the citing of sources this is unacceptable ( and that article cites no sources , either ) . doing a search on google one finds a number of webpages all with exactly the same wording , proving they have all copied from a single website . unless someone can provide the text of this illusive document , i suggest we remove all mention of it from any article concerning the falklands . after all , the treaty itself was about the pacific northwest of what is now the usa and canada , and was not about south america at all . and even if south america was mentioned at all ( which has yet to be proven ) , the treaty was between great britain and spain - not argentina .
0.02106
nootka sound convention much has been made of this by the proargentine lobby but the only source they cite is another wikipedia article sovereignty of the falkland islands and according to wikipedia policy on the citing of sources this is unaccveptable and that article cites no sources either doing a search on google one finds a number of webpages all with exactly the same wording proving they have all copied from a single website unless someone can provide the text of this illusive document i suggest we remove all mention of it from any article concerning the falklands after all the treaty itself was about the pacific northwest of what is now the usa and canada and was not about south america at all and even if south america was mentioned at all which has yet to be proven the treaty was between great britain and spain not argentina 
0.019289874
unacceptable

* in 2003 , lewis became the fundraising chairman for the national republican congressional committee .
0.005269388
in 2003 lewis became the fundraising chairman for the national repuzblican congressional committee 
0.0031417934
republican

: congratulations and good luck with the mop , bucket , and flame-proof underwear .
0.108688064
congratulations and good luck with the mop bucket and flameproof unaderwear 
0.06809889
underwear

::::: mischievously , i considered waiting an entire week so that you would look really bad , and i hoped that you would then block me a fourth time , perhaps permanently , and thus make your desysopping a virtual certainty . however , my conscience urges me to give you the opportunity to reverse your block early , for your own good . punitively blocking editors for personal reasons is clearly against policy . further dialogue will only be forthcoming once you behave in line with policy . —
0.12524952
mischievously i considered waiting an entire week so that you would look really bad and i hoped that you would then block me a fourth time perhaps permanently and thus make your desysopping a virtual certainty however my conscience urges me to give you the opportunity to reverse your block early for your own good punitively blocking editors for personal reasons is clearly against policy further dialogue will only be forthcoming once you behave in li ne with policy — 
0.12444052
line

thank you for experimenting with the page american idol on wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.012254237
thank you for experimenting with the page american idol on wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our enclyclopedia 
0.01189224
encyclopedia

:: i was wondering why you aint been replying ! it happened again : this is an automatically generated delivery status notification this is a warning message only . you do not need to resend your message . delivery to the following recipient has been delayed : *************** @hotmail . se\
0.14023712
i was wondering why you aint been replying it happened again this uis an automatically generated delivery status notification this ibs a warning message only you do not need to resend your message delivery to the following recipient has been delayed hotmail se 
0.04506063
is

= = empty talk pages = = greetings . i just polled a few other admins ( well , two ) , and our consensus is that deleting empty talk pages isn't worth the effort . i can't see it listed as a cleanup task either , for what that's worth . note that this is not an official order to cease and desist ; i'm happy to talk about it . however , there's lots of other cleanup tasks that your time might be more profitably directed towards ...
0.025659438
empty talk pages greetings i just polled a few other admins well two and our consensus is that deleting empty talk pages isnt worth the effort i cant see it listed as a cleanup task either for what thats worth note that this is not an official order to cease and desi st im happy to talk about it however theres lots of other cleanup tasks that your time might be more profitably directed towards 
0.011810254
desist

= = getting pics into the commons = = i can't figure out how to get my images listed in the u of l commons . also , ( this is embarrasing ) how does one sign the edit summary with the arrow and section name ?
0.08053447
getting pics into the commons i cant figure out how to get my images listed in the u of l commons also this is embarrasaing how does one sign the edit summary with the arrow and section name 
0.034984227
embarrasing

i would but it wouldn't matter if i got a link to a website that has a video of john cena declaring his love for cartoons and announcing he wants to play dave the barbarian in a live action movie . lil crazy thing will delete it and say it's not a reliable source or it doesn't matter . she doesn't want me contributing .
0.24285617
i would but it wouldnt matter if i got a link to a website that has a video of john cena declaring his love for cartoons and announcing he wants to play dave the barbarianj in a live action movie lil crazy thing will delete it and say its not a reliable source or it doesnt matter she doesnt want me contributing 
0.10595716
barbarian

= = manners and etiquette = = thaey are the same thing , no ? gorillazfan
0.1333567
manners and etiquette thaey uare the same thing no gorillazfan 
0.09257504
are

= = reversion of mandarin pinyin description = = one of my changes recently got reverted . equating mandarin with chinese is discouraged according to wikipedia : naming conventions ( chinese ) and we should be as specific as possible when we indicate romanizations in order to avoid ambiguity . please provide some reasoning for why the reversion is justified . —
0.015421627
reversion of mandarin pinyin description one of my changes recently got reverted equating mandarin with chinese is discouraged according to wikipedia naming conventions chinese and we should be as specific as possible when we indicate romanizations in order to avoid amb iguity please provide some reasoning for why the reversion is justified — 
0.011058051
ambiguity

when are you going to teach me relativistic math and show me how a constant velocity reverses direction from +c to -c when it is still geschwindigkeit c , junior ? i want a relativistic computer like yours and the idiot dork van de merde's . schaefer has one too , but nobody will tell me where i can buy one . all the computers i know of seem to work on newtonian math .
0.47722784
when are you going to teach me relativistic math and show me how a constant velocity reverses direction from c to c when it is still geschwindigkeit c junior i want a relativistic computer like yours and the imdiot dork van de merdes schaefer has one too but nobody will tell me where i can buy one all the computers i know of seem to work on newtonian math 
0.13382193
idiot

oh btw i'm being sarcastic .
0.17377935
oh btw im being sarcast ic 
0.14323406
sarcastic

