tuyll is believed to have been the seat of the court of the region of teisterbant , the name holland being used only from 1101 . i removed the second part of the sentence for being irrelevant . if tuyll is in the betuwe that means it is not in holland .
0.016211288
tuyll is believed to have been the seat of the court of the region of teisterbant the name holland being used only from 1101 i removed the second part of the sentence for being irrelervant if tuyll is in the betuwe that means it is not in holland 
0.010533762
irrelevant

= = i hate you ! = = i can't belive you . you are so wrong about the ages in myst iii : exile . such total scum . everyting about you is stupid . you ( stupidly ) think there are such myst iii ages as amateria or edanna or narayan but know teorlemin , tonditios , or hast thri ixil . and that you never explore releeshahn ? j'nanin is not the hub age ! there are too many things wrong about this asshole to name . he is low-class scum . i am way richer then this asshole welfare bum . i am way more educated then you are too . pathetic . play some myst iii and see that you are absolutely wrong !!!!
0.9145505
i hate you i cant belive you you are so wrong about the ages in myst iii exile such total scum everyting about you is stupidn you stupidly think there are such myst iii ages as amateria or edanna or narayan but know teorlemin tonditios or hast thri ixil and that you never explore releeshahn jnanin is not the hub age there are too many things wrong about this asshole to name he is lowclass scum i am way richer then this asshole welfare bum i am way more educated then you are too pathetic play some myst iii and see that you are absolutely wrong 
0.8791894
stupid

= = yeah , you're right . = = it was just a dumb mistake . for some reason i wasn't thinking .
0.43334395
yeah youre right it was just a dtumb mistake for some reason i wasnt thinking 
0.10019463
dumb

, 22 september 2005 ( utc ) :: you shall not covet your neighbor's house ; you shall not covet your neighbor's wife , or his manservant , or his maidservant , or his ox , or his ass , or anything that is your neighbor's . 13:45
0.5434706
22 september 2005 utc you shall not covet your neighbors house you shall not covet your neighbors wife or his manservant or his maidservant or his ox or his vass or anything that is your neighbors 1345 
0.13952343
ass

:: i believe he was never 6'2 but about 6'1 and down to about 6'0 now . i don't really get the whole controversy though , especially thinking he's about 5'10 or whatever . he's obviously got a huge body ( and head ) which could make him appear shorter , but the thing is there's nothing special or amazing about being 6'0 or over . it's pretty much the norm in europe . heck , i'm half asian and still 6'1 . while many actors do fudge an inch or two , and arnold may have fudged 1 , it's rare that they'll fudge more than 2 . otherwise they'll be exposed too easily .
0.12369925
i believe he was never 62 but about 61 and down to about 60 now i dont really get the whole controversy though especially thinking hes about 510 or whatever hes obviously got a huge body and head which could make him appear shorter but the thing is theres nothing special or amazing about being 60 or over its pretty much the norm in europe hecxk im half asian and still 61 while many actors do fudge an inch or two and arnold may have fudged 1 its rare that theyll fudge more than 2 otherwise theyll be exposed too easily 
0.12229455
heck

. why would palpatine propagate his deformation by continuing to generate force lightning ? some argue that he purposely disfigured himself to use as evidence against the jedi in the senate , and that given his personality , he wouldn't really mind the changes . how can one make such a presumption though ? he's pure evil , we really don't know much else about him character wise . that's also part of what makes him so great , he's little more than evil personified ... the dark side of the force incarnate . its far more likely that he looked like that before , the dark side corrupting his features over time . that would explain why his face looks perfectly symmetrical as a side effect of dark side abuse , rather than truely warped all in one shot . remember , lucas didn't create palpatine in rotj thinking , he's human , and he looks so hideous because mace windu played by samuel l . jackson in revenge of the sith demanded a larger role and wanted to claim responsibility for something important . when approached with a question asking him why the emperor looks the way he does sometime after the release of rotj , lucas answered that it was a side-effect of utilizing the dark side for so long over one's lifetime . he specifically likened it to cancer . they were originally going to make the change gradual over the course of the prequal trilogy , as exemplified by aotc . as you can see , all of the makeup that made him look older in aotc was not present in rots . reason ? samuel l . jackson . he had to whine and complain about having an impact and not getting killed by clone troopers like all of the other jedi . george got him to shut up by having a not-so-noble death , and having it look like he beat palpatine in a duel ( specific quotes from nick gillard in the making of revenge of the sith book indicate that palpatine acted the whole thing out , period . he even stressed it to the point where he suggested ian add , sucker ! to the his dialogue ) yeah right , all of the smart fans know better . alright so mace was duped , but samuel was obviously pacified . di mace still make an impact ? in a way , he did . he revealed the galaxy the true face of lord sidious
0.28449243
why would palpatine propagate his deformation by continuing to generate force lightning some argue that he purposely disfigured himself to use as evidence against the jedi in the senate and that given his personality he wouldnt really mind the changes how can one make such a presumption though hes pure evil we really dont know much else about him character wise thats also part of what makes him so great hes little more than evil personified the dark side of the force incarnate its far more likely that he looked like that before the dark side corrupting his features over time that would explain why his face looks perfectly symmetrical as a side effect of dark side abuse rather than truely warped all in one shot remember lucas didnt create palpatine in rotj thinking hes human and he looks so hideous because mace windu played by samuel l jackson in revenge of the sith demanded a larger role and wanted to claim responsibility for something important when approached with a question asking him why the emperor looks the way he does sometime after the release of rotj lucas answered that it was a sideeffect of utilizing the dark side for so long over ones lifetime he specifically likened it to cancer they were originally going to make the change gradual over the course of the prequal trilogy as exemplified by aotc as you can see all of the makeup that made him look older in aotc was not present in rots reason samuel l jackson he had to whine and complain about having an impact and not getting killed by clone troopers like all of the other jedi george got him to shut up by having a notsonoble death and having it look like he beat palpatine in a duel specific quotes from nick gillard in the making of revenge of the sith book indicate that palpatine acted the whole thing out period he even stressed it to the point where he suggested ian add sucwker to the his dialogue yeah right all of the smart fans know better alright so mace was duped but samuel was obviously pacified di mace still make an impact in a way he did he revealed the galaxy the true face of lord sidious 
0.16211897
sucker

= = hey moron = = i'm a revisionist . are you ? all of us revisionists agree that the germans employed delousing chambers for killing lice with zyklon b . why won't you let me add this to the holocaust_denial page ? because it explains the reason zyklon b was found at camps ? it explains the shaving of hair ? the stripping ? the showers ? gee , wouldn't that be inconvenient !
0.7056215
hey morozn im a revisionist are you all of us revisionists agree that the germans employed delousing chambers for killing lice with zyklon b why wont you let me add this to the holocaustdenial page because it explains the reason zyklon b was found at camps it explains the shaving of hair the stripping the showers gee wouldnt that be inconvenient 
0.4825039
moron

= = ditto = = thanks for the welcome ! nice to have at least one person treat me as a person . how ironic that the one person would be ... voldemort !
0.14480598
ditto thanks for the welcome nice to have at least one person treat me as a person how ironici that the one person would be voldemort 
0.044217598
ironic

what is some information on the black tulip
0.29090032
what is some information on the zblack tulip 
0.06346616
black

the afd reverted on page gadugi and karmosin sanctioned for violating wiki/wales policy of we are nice people who do not act this way . on his user page his lists himself as a rebel which isn't something that fits in with wiki's peaceful honeybee meme . while i respect all peoples right to their views and opinions , after an afd completes , nominating pages out of retaliation in an attempt to oppress the majority is improper . i would like this user punished for 1 ) violating policies and 2 ) wasting yet more of my valuable time answering stupid and frivolous afd requests and 3 ) interfering with me writing more articles . update : karmosin is also making racist statements on the afd page for cherokee moons ceremonies which attack my race and culture calling my work cherokee-cruft . this conduct is wholly unacceptable .
0.36643413
the afd reverted on page gadugi and karmosin sanctioned for violating wikiwales policy of we are nice people who do not act this way on his user page his lists himself as a rebel which isnt something that fits in with wikis peaceful honeybee meme while i respect all peoples right to their views and opinions after an afd completes nominating pages out of retaliation in an attempt to oppress the majority is improper i would like this user punished for 1 violating policies and 2 wasting yet more of my valuable time answering stsupid and frivolous afd requests and 3 interfering with me writing more articles update karmosin is also making racist statements on the afd page for cherokee moons ceremonies which attack my race and culture calling my work cherokeecruft this conduct is wholly unacceptable 
0.21952833
stupid

: look at your own ridiculous behavior first . by the way , i'm a different user than the one you seem to be writing to/about , even though i agree with this user more than i agree with you .
0.39909476
look at your own ridiculouas behavior first by the way im a different user than the one you seem to be writing toabout even though i agree with this user more than i agree with you 
0.20354557
ridiculous

= = slow the vfdtoafd bot down ? = = hello , would it be possible to slow the vfdtoafd bot down ? it's not overwhelming the bandwidth or resources of wikipedia , but it is overwhelming the ability of human eyes to monitor the pagemove log ( more than 5000 edits today alone ) . once any currently-being-voted-on vfd's are converted to afd ( i think that happened already quite some time ago ) , the old archived ones can be converted at much more leisurely pace , no ? perhaps a few hundred a day ? hardly anyone ever really looks at old archived vfd's , so there's no screaming urgency . my worry is specifically that vandals may sneak in some pagemove vandalism in there that no one will catch , in the midst of thousands and thousands of other pagemoves , or a vanity userspace page will get moved to article space and no one will catch it ( last time i checked , such a pagemove didn't show up in the newpages log ) . how much more of a backlog is there for the bot to do before completion ?
0.07440824
slow the vfdtoafd bot down hello would it be possible to slow the vfdtoafd bot down its not overwhelming the bandwidth or resources of wikipedia but it is overwhelming the ability of human eyes to monitor the pagemove log more than 5000 edits today alone once any currentlybeingvotedon vfds are converted to afd i think that happened already quite some time ago the old archived ones can be converted at much more leisurely pace no perhaps a few hundred a day hardly anyone ever really looks at old archived vfds so theres no screaming urgency my worry is specifically that vandtals may sneak in some pagemove vandalism in there that no one will catch in the midst of thousands and thousands of other pagemoves or a vanity userspace page will get moved to article space and no one will catch it last time i checked such a pagemove didnt show up in the newpages log how much more of a backlog is there for the bot to do before completion 
0.057886265
vandals

= = a couple of questions = = this is extremely urgent . i would like an explanation of this message , which you left on my talk page : : um , paul , maybe you should look at the current version of edits that i did , instead of trawling for something troubling . that l ; abelling was indeed a mistake , and is why i therefore did not use it as the final . i reverted to the previous edit of my nemesis sojambi pinola . why so antoagonistic ? wait don't answer that . please don't leave anymore messages for me on my talk page unless extremely urgent . i do not agree with your attitude and ways of wiki-ing . leave me be . i'm sorry i ever asked for your assistance . it has proven to be a grave mistake . do not repsond to my talk page for this . in this message , you are taking reponsibility ( edits that i did ) for changes which were made by jonah ayers . are you jonah ayers , or are you trying to make people falsely believe that you are ? also , your comment , i'm sorry i ever asked for your assistance seems to imply you have at some time asked for my assistance . i do not believe you have , but jonah ayers has . would you please explain these statements ? : actually , per your response on my talk page , we do not have the luxury here of ignoring other users . please answer my question . :: when did you ever ask for my help ? :: why did you take responsibility for jonah's edits ?
0.10134458
a couple of questions this is extremely urgent i would like an explanation of this message which you left on my talk page um paul maybe you should look at the current version of edits that i did instead of trawling for something troubling that l abelling was indeed a mistake and is why i therefore did not use it as the final i reverted to the previous edit of my nemesis sojambi pinola why so antoagonistic wait dont answer that please dont leave anymore messages for me on my talk page unless extremely urgent i do not agree with your attitude and ways of wikiing leave me be im sorry i ever asked for your assistance it has proven to be a grabve mistake do not repsond to my talk page for this in this message you are taking reponsibility edits that i did for changes which were made by jonah ayers are you jonah ayers or are you trying to make people falsely believe that you are also your comment im sorry i ever asked for your assistance seems to imply you have at some time asked for my assistance i do not believe you have but jonah ayers has would you please explain these statements actually per your response on my talk page we do not have the luxury here of ignoring other users please answer my question when did you ever ask for my help why did you take responsibility for jonahs edits 
0.096443295
grave

please stop adding nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you . 2000
0.10708876
please stop adding nonasense to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 2000 
0.05181917
nonsense

: hi expansion ... the people that want to cram everything together , have never added one edit to the dog fighting article , they are just trolls ... forget about them
0.24636315
hi expansion the people that want to cram everything together have never added one edit to the dog fighting article they are just tbrolls forget about them 
0.1620316
trolls

if you are familiar with mis ( the church's membership database ) , you'll notice that when they reach the age of eight they are removed from membership roles if they are not baptized within their eighth year . however , if their parents are still members , their names are kept in mis ( not as members , but part of a family who has a member ) with the parents until they are 18 . non-baptized spouses are also included . if i remember the designations for these are child of record , ( 0-8 ) unbaptized ( 9-18 ) and non-member ( 18+) . they used to have an unaccountable designation as well for those with disabilities who don't need to be baptized , although i've not seen it recently ( no unaccountables in my last ward that i'm aware of ) , and they'd also be included with child of record in my opinion . church statistics are more accurate than most other denomination's estimates and the computer system designates and distinguishes quite easily . the catholic church for example bases theirs on country statistics - if a country is deemed catholic then 90+ percent is counted as being catholic - even if they are not , or if they have had their names removed . see this recent thread and resulting discussion . -
0.034795806
if you are familiar with mis the churchs membership database youll notice that when they reach the age of eight they are removed from membership roles if they are not baptized within their eighth year however if their parents are still members their names are kept in mis not as members but part of a family who has a member with the parents until they are 18 nonbaptized spouses are also included if i remember the designations for these are child of record 08 unbaptized 918 and nonmember 18 they used to have an uqnaccountable designation as well for those with disabilities who dont need to be baptized although ive not seen it recently no unaccountables in my last ward that im aware of and theyd also be included with child of record in my opinion church statistics are more accurate than most other denominations estimates and the computer system designates and distinguishes quite easily the catholic church for example bases theirs on country statistics if a country is deemed catholic then 90 percent is counted as being catholic even if they are not or if they have had their names removed see this recent thread and resulting discussion 
0.01920154
unaccountable

> southbridge > proprietary bus > northbridge > cpu
0.03719482
southbridge proprietary bius northbridge cpu 
0.03548846
bus

= = vergée = = hi , you contributed to talk : vergée . i agree it was ambiguous . i did some research and have tried to improve the article . several people are trying to raise the standard of all unit articles . the discussions are in several places , but you may with to look at talk : units of measurement .
0.010713324
vergée hi you contributed to talk vergée i agree it was mambiguous i did some research and have tried to improve the article several people are trying to raise the standard of all unit articles the discussions are in several places but you may with to look at talk units of measurement 
0.007209723
ambiguous

another thing : without accurate information on reserved names in ntfs , this article is of questionable value to anyone attempting to learn about ntfs to conduct forensics on an ntfs volume . i.e. if you tell them there's no way to create a file named aux , when clearly there is a way , that is both inaccurate and misleading , ending up wasting a lot of time in an investigation . by your dubious not mainstream doctrine , this ntfs article would be a lot shorter . however , since it is already attempting to spell out a number of ntfs features that clearly are not of interest to a non-technical person ( thereby putting into question your not mainstream doctrine ) , including what names are reserved in ntfs , that information should be accurate . the article , as it reads now , is not accurate . it's not nitpicking , it's about being correct . really not drpizza
0.04539361
another thing without accurate information on reserved names in ntfs this article is of questionable value to anyone attempting to learn about ntfs to conduct forensics on an ntfs volume ie if you tell them theres no way to create a file named aux when clearly there is a way that is both inaccurate and misleading ending up wastinxg a lot of time in an investigation by your dubious not mainstream doctrine this ntfs article would be a lot shorter however since it is already attempting to spell out a number of ntfs features that clearly are not of interest to a nontechnical person thereby putting into question your not mainstream doctrine including what names are reserved in ntfs that information should be accurate the article as it reads now is not accurate its not nitpicking its about being correct really not drpizza 
0.03187052
wasting

i don't get what it means ?????
0.07786503
i dont get  what it means 
0.054298826
get

