::::: i intentionally gave you a vandalism warning after an error in judgement on my part . i quickly realized my error , and tried to clean it up as soon as possible . but you had already received the you have a new message ( last change ) banner , and had responded before i had a chance to fix it . again , sorry .
0.105297364
i intentionally gave you a vandalipsm warning after an error in judgement on my part i quickly realized my error and tried to clean it up as soon as possible but you had already received the you have a new message last change banner and had responded before i had a chance to fix it again sorry 
0.09507732
vandalism

hondasaregoodsez : ( first : i should be a nigger swinging from a tree , and only gay serbs like me enjoy masturbating to teen pop in my ford pintobeanerniggermexican !
0.75705224
hondasaregoodsez first i should be a ncigger swinging from a tree and only gay serbs like me enjoy masturbating to teen pop in my ford pintobeanerniggermexican 
0.7381157
nigger

= = = = = boulton paul sidestrand/overstrand = = = well i looked at the sidestrand article and didn't see it mentioned , so ... also the sidestrand seems a little early for such an apparatus ; perhaps the turret was intended for the overstrand instead ? - - ! ::: right you are – although the turret technology was intended for the sidestrand , it was eventually fitted to the overstrand . you won't mind if i change the defiant article subtly to correct the origins of the turret ?! 23:08 24 january 2007 ( utc ) .
0.029803716
boulton paul sidestrandoverstrand well i looked at the sidestrand article and didnt see it mentioned so also the sidestrand seems a little early for such an apparatus perhaps the turret was intended for the overstrandx instead right you are – although the turret technology was intended for the sidestrand it was eventually fitted to the oveirstrand you wont mind if i change the defiant article subtly to correct the origins of the turret 2308 24 january 2007 utc 
0.014840911
overstrand

* hispanics have mixed with many races . they have blond , red heads , blue eyed - you name it . see raquel welch who has spoken on spanish tv about being proud to be of hispanic descent . it does not how hispanic any person has in them for someone else to make that determination . to continue the discussion here is not the proper place . please do it on her talkpage .
0.10062486
hispanics have mixed with many races they have blond red heads blue eyedf you name it see raquel welch who has spoken on spanish tv about being proud to be of hispanic descent it does not how hispanic any person has in them for someone else to make that determination to continue the discussion here is not the proper place please do it on her talkpage 
0.08271145
eyed

edits to sidney crosby thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do . take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.010388442
edits to sidney crosby thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do takes a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.009151311
take

your change was determined to be unhelpful and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks .
0.033374883
your change was determined to be ugnhelpful and has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks 
0.016490689
unhelpful

please do not remove content from wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , please use the sandbox . thank you .
0.057299897
please do not remove content from wikipedia it is considered vavndalism if you would like to experiment please use the sandbox thank you 
0.030262193
vandalism

= = maybe you are living in newark = = i haven't heard of prudential before coming to usa , because the company does not have the anvergure of a meryll-lynch or goldman sachs . when the company is rather unknown , its logo cannot be better . it's not like we are talking about the macdonald's m , or the two circles for mastercard , or the hammer and the sickle . it is a national company , it could be your personal experience , but this doesn't make it worthy of a worldwide encyclopedia . your propaganda is what will , in the end , make it a world-class logo .
0.10793849
maybe you are living in newark i havent heard of prudential before coming to usa because the company does not have the anvergure of a merylllynch or goldman sachs when the company is rather unknown its logo cannot be better its not like we are talking about the macdonalds m or the two circles for mastercard or the shammer and the sickle it is a national company it could be your personal experience but this doesnt make it worthy of a worldwide encyclopedia your propaganda is what will in the end make it a worldclass logo 
0.08495836
hammer

naziman . jpg = = thanks for uploading image : naziman . jpg . wikipedia gets thousands of images uploaded every day , and in order to verify that the images can be legally used on wikipedia , the source and copyright status must be indicated . images need to have an image tag applied to the image description page indicating the copyright status of the image . this uniform and easy-to-understand method of indicating the license status allows potential re-users of the images to know what they are allowed to do with the images . for more information on using images , see the following pages : * wikipedia : image use policy * wikipedia : image copyright tags this is an automated notice by . if you need help on selecting a tag to use , or in adding the tag to the image description , feel free to post a message at wikipedia : media copyright questions . = = license tagging for image :
0.005618475
naziman jpg thanks for uploading image naziman jpg wikipedia gzets thousands of images uploaded every day and in order to verify that the images can be legally used on wikipedia the source and copyright status must be indicated images need to have an image tag applied to the image description page indicating the copyright status of the image this uniform and easytounderstand method of indicating the license status allows potential reusers of the images to know what they are allowed to do with the images for more information on using images see the following pages wikipedia image use policy wikipedia image copyright tags this is an automated notice by if you need help on selecting a tag to use or in adding the tag to the image description feel free to post a message at wikipedia media copyright questions license tagging for image 
0.0040068077
gets

= = nestorian church = = all nestorians in mesopotamia were assyrian , that is how it is proven that chaldean converts were originally acoe members . that is the biggest lie i have ever heard . and the reason why you think chaldeans are assyrians is because of this false statement . i hope you know this that until the 12th century ad the majority of iraq were christians , i doubt that only existed of assyrians do you know why ?? not all assyrians lived in today's iraq , they were spread all around the middle east after the fall of their empire . many assyrians fled to the hakkari mountains ( in today's turkey , and others also fled to other countries like syria . i find it very hard to believe that even when not half of the assyrian population lived in iraq they still could make up the majority of the citizens of iraq , are you being bribed or something cause you know yourself that a people cant just dissapear , and the babylonians , never had the time to flee from their empire cause they never had the idea the medes would backstabb them and allie themeselve with the persians . your username is named after your faith , well if you believe so much in your faith open the bible to daniel 5 : 5-30 and it will prove to you that there was no major batlle between persia and the medes against the babylonians cause they were caught by suprise . you probably thinking what does this have to do with nestorians , well it only proves that no massacres took place when babylonia was conquered , and that the babylonians still lived in their ancestors land . babylon had its province under the persian empire , ssanien empire and the seleucid empire , these were the only empires that took control over the land of the babylonians until the muslim invasion , which then the nestorian church was established and the chaldeans were a part of it . answer me these question , under what empire was the nestorian church established ?? i really hope its not to hard for you to answer with your bias .
0.19077936
nestorian church all nestorians in mesopotamia were assyrian that is how it is proven that chaldean converts were originally acoe members that is the biggest lie i have ever heard and the reason why you think chaldeans are assyrians is because of this false statement i hope you know this that until the 12th century ad the majority of iraq were christians i doubt that only existed of assyrians do you know why not all assyrians lived in todays iraq they were spread all around the middle east after the fall of their empire many assyrians fled to the hakkari mountains in todays turkey and others also fled to other countries like syria i find it very hard to believe that even when not half of the assyrian population lived in iraq they still could make up the majority of the citizens of iraq are you being bribed or something cause you know yourself that a people cant just dissapear and the babylonians never had the time to flee from their empire cause they never had the idea the medes would backstabb them and allie themeselve with the persians your username is named after your faith well if you believe so much in your faith open the bible to daniel 5 530 and it will prove to you that there was no major batlle between persia and the medes against the babylonians cause they were caught by suprtise you probably thinking what does this have to do with nestorians well it only proves that no massacres took place when babylonia was conquered and that the babylonians still lived in their ancestors land babylon had its province under the persian empire ssanien empire and the seleucid empire these were the only empires that took control over the land of the babylonians until the muslim invasion which then the nestorian church was established and the chaldeans were a part of it answer me these question under what empire was the nestorian church established i really hope its not to hard for you to answer with your bias 
0.18655942
suprise

thanx great word s it helped me with my p.e sba '''
0.012522388
thanx great word sv it helped me with my pe sba 
0.011582248
s

