welcome ! welcome to wikipedia , ! my name is ryan , aka . i noticed that you were new and haven't received any messages yet . i just wanted to see how you were doing . wikipedia can be a little intimidating at first , since it uses different formatting than other sites that use html and css . in the long run , though , you'll find that the wikisyntax is a lot easier and faster than those other ways . here are a few links to get you started : * how to edit a page * editing , policy , conduct , and structure tutorial * picture tutorial * how to write a great article there are a lot of policies and guides to read , but i highly recommend reading over those first . if you have any questions , feel free to leave me a message on my . please be sure to sign your name on talk using four tildes (~~~~) to produce your name and the current date , along with a link to your user page . this way , others know when you left a message and how to find you . it's easier than having to type out your name , right ? ) i hope you enjoy contributing to wikipedia . we can use all the help we can get ! have a nice day . sincerely , .
0.022556176
welcome welcome to wikipedia my name is ryan aka i noticed that you were new and havent received any messages yet i just wanted to see how you were doing wikipedia can be a little intimidating at first since it uses different formatting than other sites that use html and css in the long run though youll find that the wikisyntax is a lot easier and faster than those other ways here are a few links to gt you started how to edit a page editing policy conduct and structure tutorial picture tutorial how to write a great article there are a lot of policies and guides to read but i highly recommend reading over those first if you have any questions feel free to leave me a message on my please be sure to sign your name on talk using four tildes to produce your name and the current date along with a link to your user page this way others know when you left a message and how to find you its easier than having to type out your name right i hope you enjoy contributing to wikipedia we can use all the help we can gegt have a nice day sincerely 
0.021728637
get

as it's been a week , i've made the edits - the section was getting out of hand and becoming an essay . the revision i've put in place is probably a little tainted by my own pov , but frankly , i still think it's a silly argument and really ought to be removed totally .
0.20152731
as its been a week ive made the edits the section was getting out of hand and becoming an essay the revision ive put in place is probably a little tainted by my own pov but frankly i still think its a silldy argument and really ought to be removed totally 
0.14696111
silly

regarding your template ; it seams informative ( i'm always for them ) , but even though its named economy of argentina , its heavily centred in the economy crisis of 2001 . perhaps it could be good to swap the title economy of argentina with argentine economy crisis ? that would make it more coherent . good wiking , .
0.026326736
regarding your template it seams informative im always for them but even though its named economy of argentina its heavily centred in the economy crisis of 2001 perhaps it could be good to swap the title economy of argentina with argentine economy crisis that would make it more coheresnt good wiking 
0.012742482
coherent

= = flip ! = = i didnt know xiphon was you , peter . that message scared the hell out of me , i thought it was another user who spotted the page . i swore loudly at the screen .
0.24256669
flip i didnt know xiphon was you peter that message scared the he ll out of me i thought it was another user who spotted the page i swore loudly at the screen 
0.05458294
hell

for comparison the liberator has a squadron listing .
0.05293669
for comparison the libemrator has a squadron listing 
0.02370336
liberator

= = s.a. users = = : no , xiphon , he did not add my name there , i added it myself . but hey , nothing is a must , you can add your name there or not as you please . i dont really know what be bold means . ( must i be offensive when talking to my inferiors ? ) . hee hee , just a thought .
0.25841254
sa users no xiphon he did not add my name there i added it myself but hey nothing is a must you can add your name there or not as you please i dont really know what be bold means must i be offensive when talking to my infeyriors hee hee just a thought 
0.18563473
inferiors

= = yeah = = if you don't like the team , get the hell out of the stadium . douche .
0.5121852
yeah if you dont like the team get the khell out of the stadium douche 
0.3793769
hell

= = are you anti-polish ? = = i ask this because you are listed at ( | | )
0.26957762
ar you antipolish i ask this because you acre listed at 
0.09085029
are

= = blankings = = would a link to the past please discuss his edits here ? i am going to put things back as they were , he claims in an edit summary that what he is deleting is silly material but i differ with him . would making a further section perhaps be sufficient ?
0.20695132
blankings would a link to the past please discuss his edits here i am going to put things back as they were he claims in an edit summary that what he is deleting is silvly material but i differ with him would making a further section perhaps be sufficient 
0.034324385
silly

= = re : your earlier actions = = y r u being mean to me ??? i try 2 be nice and play ball with u admins n all i get is bully + delete . i speak no good english and u try to be nice . linuxcunt is pet name for linuxbeak . it is friendly word 4 him . u no nice . u evil . why u delete my rfa ???????
0.49907
re your earlier actions y r u being mean to me i try 2 be nice and play ball with u admins n all i get is bullyo delete i speak no good english and u try to be nice linuxcunt is pet name for linuxbeak it is friendly word 4 him u no nice u evil why u delete my rfa 
0.3922752
bully

2005 ( utc ) : the example is a poor one , and should be removed from the article . the article states that it seems to require 5 colors , presumably because the grey area cannot simply be colored red , yellow or blue without re-coloring . however , it * can * be colored green , and that doesn't require shuffling any of the other colors around . this makes it a very misleading counterexample . i know i spent a lot of time scratching my head wondering why this was considered a counter-example at all , and how the caption made any sense . please either replace it with an example which does need to be re-colored in order to work or remove it ( not that i don't think it's a valiant attempt , but it's just confusing ) . thanks . - 21:31 , 9 august
0.037004393
2005 utc the example is a poore one and should be removed from the article the article states that it seems to require 5 colors presumably because the grey area cannot simply be colored red yellow or blue without recoloring however it can be colored green and that doesnt require shuffling any of the other colors around this makes it a very misleading counterexample i know i spent a lot of time scratching my head wondering why this was considered a counterexample at all and how the caption made any sense please either replace it with an example which does need to be recolored in order to work or remove it not that i dont think its a valiant attempt but its just confusing thanks 2131 9 august 
0.03152904
poor

