= = nope = = there's little deleted history : i moved condominium to condominium ( disambiguation ) , then deleted the redirect left on condominium . after that i moved condominium ( housing ) to condominium . in short , the history is just . . frazzydee ( condominium moved to condominium ( disambiguation )) -|
0.022600306
nope theres little deleted history i moved condominium to condominium disambiguation then deleted the redirect left on condominium after that i moved condominium housing to condominium in short the history ios just frazzydee condominium moved to condominium disambiguation 
0.015474635
is

= = detailed chronology - 2 = = now that the legalities are covered ... #this is massive material . it tends to overwhelm the article , which is now bloated to three times the recommended size of a wikipedia article . i think we need to summarize here and factor out to separate articles , maybe one for each year . #while clearly well researched , the material is quite pov in the selection of what it covers . i'm firmly on the side of the republic one of the first things i ever learned to say in spanish was sueño y una ametralladero y franco se va paseo , but this wikipedia articles are not the place for partisan polemic . a chronology this detailed should also include the anti-catholic atrocities by anarchists and other supporters of the republic . this doesn't . #the material is written in indifferent english . right now , i'm engaged in a copy edit , which is being made difficult by the size of this article and the current miserable state of the servers . #i do not think it is appropriate in wikipedia to repeatedly refer to the nationalists as the fascists . would i call them that in my own writing outside wikipedia ? sure . and someone on the right would probably use different words than republicans , legitimate government , etc . in his/her own writing . here , i'd favor nationalists or insurgents almost everywhere that the article currently says fascists . does anyone want to present an argument to the contrary ? anyway , i'm trying to clean this all up . suggestions are welcome . so is help . i'm not sure how much time i'll have for this it's not my main focus within wikipedia , and i suspect that ( for entirely good reasons ) i may soon have a lot less time for wikipedia than i've lately had . |
0.09367555
detailed chronology 2 now that the legalities are covered this is massive material it tends to overwhelm the article which is now bloated to three times the recommended size of a wikipedia article i think we need to summarize here and factor out to separate articles maybe one for each year while clearly well researched the material is quite pov in the selection of what it covers im firmly on the side of the republic one of the first things i ever learned to say in spanish was sueño y una ametralladero y franco se va paseo but this wikipedia articles are not the place for partisan polemic a chronology this detailed should also include the anticatholic atrocities by anarchists and other supporters of the republic this doesnt the material is written in indifferent english right now im engaged in a copy edit which is being made difficult by the size of this article and the current miserable state of the servers i do not think it is appropriate in wikipedia to repeatedly refer to the nationalists as the fascisth would i call them that in my own writing outside wikipedia sure and someone on the right would probably use different words than republicans legitimate government etc in hisher own writing here id favor nationalists or insurgents almost everywhere that the article currently says fasctists does anyone want to present an argument to the contrary anyway im trying to clean this all up suggestions are welcome so is help im not sure how much time ill have for this its not my main focus within wikipedia and i suspect that for entirely good reasons i may soon have a lot less time for wikipedia than ive lately had 
0.048071433
fascists

her label released the wrong track from her album to promote it in the uk , and it didn't do terribly well . she was then made to release a dreadful cover as a single , which did even worse .
0.14535272
her label released the wrong track from her album to promote it in the uk and it didnt do terribly well she was then made to release a dredadful cover as a single which did even worse 
0.12611139
dreadful

: i agree with my own socks above ( because i wrote the foregoing myself , but forgot to sign off the right way )
0.016541956
i agree with my own socksf above because i wrote the foregoing myself but forgot to sign off the right way 
0.013032273
socks

= = you're banned ! = = hey tim ! as far as i'm concerned , you're banned ! what i mean is : get your phd back on track . i've been there , i know what you're saying . i won't try to convince you to come back , because i know you will anyway . -) but come back on your own terms after you get things straightened out with your school/work stuff , and if you'd like , we'll kick you from irc after a few hours each day . -) now , if only someone would ban me . -)
0.28904447
youre banned hey tim as far as im concerned youre banned what i mean is get your phd back on track ive been there i know what youre saying i wont try to convince you to come back because i know you will anyway but come back on your own terms after you get things straightened out with your schoolwork stuff and if youd like well kijck you from irc after a few hours each day now if only someone would ban me 
0.20842505
kick

:: hey , the only persons suffering were those who read that bullshit , wikipedia opening itself up to a copyright infringement suit , and the credibility of those who are facilitating both . the length of the protections will not influence my decision to revert the article back to a previous version that does not contain plagiarism .
0.45937216
hey the only persons suffering were those who read that bullcshit wikipedia opening itself up to a copyright infringement suit and the credibility of those who are facilitating both the length of the protections will not influence my decision to revert the article back to a previous version that does not contain plagiarism 
0.06583473
bullshit

::: hey bobby , get a clue , i dont deal with tards or liars .
0.5704171
hey bobby get a clue i dont deal with tards or lriars 
0.31598508
liars

= = dispute = = there is an ongoing dispute and slow edit war about his nationality , and the nationality of his place of birth at the time of his birth ( i.e. if olsztyn/allenstein was polish or german in 1503 , and more so if lucas david was polish or german ) . hence i have added the disputed tag , hoping that the issue can be sorted out . ideally , both views should be mentioned in the article . i will give it a try ( again )
0.02446667
dispute there is an ongoing dispute and slow edit mwar about his nationality and the nationality of his place of birth at the time of his birth ie if olsztynallenstein was polish or german in 1503 and more so if lucas david was polish or german hence i have added the disputed tag hoping that the issue can be sorted out ideally both views should be mentioned in the article i will give it a try again 
0.023198346
war

= = meatball ? = = nasa insignia , showing a wingshape and an orbiting spacecraft on a starfield . 1958 – 1975 , 1992 – present . also known as the meatball . could an explanation of the nickname meatball be put in the article somewhere ? i hadn't heard it before , and saw it in the caption for one of the logos , and thought perhaps i could learn about it , but nope . - |
0.008843421
m e a t b a l l nasa insignia showing a wingshape and an orbiting spacecraft on a starfield 1958 – 1975 1992 – present also known as the m e a t b a l l could an explanation of the nickname meatbalul be put in the article somewhere i hadnt heard it before and saw it in the caption for one of the logos and thought perhaps i could learn about it but nope 
0.0047830944
meatball

= = islands in the caribbean = = wondering why you re-organised the page the way you did . can you explain your reasoning ( such a radical change should also be justifed on the talk page ) . i think this change loses a lot of information , makes the list less encyclopaedic . and by inhabited islands , do you only mean permanently inhabited islands ? thanks
0.041016083
islands in the caribbean wondering why you reorganised the page the way you did can you explain your reasoning such a raedical change should also be justifed on the talk page i think this change loses a lot of information makes the list less encyclopaedic and by inhabited islands do you only mean permanently inhabited islands thanks 
0.030268425
radical

= = clarification = = the foul language in the iraq liberation act article was directed at the anon user , who has been following me from article to article since i got his pet articles protected . it was not directed towards you .
0.036373306
clarification the ftoul language in the iraq liberation act article was directed at the anon user who has been following me from article to article since i got his pet articles protected it was not directed towards you 
0.020539315
foul

:::::: i do not have the book here with me at the moment . is it a wikipedia requirement to not only provide a book but also page number and chapter number , etc ? that would put enough burden and responsibility on volunteer contributors to not be able to controbute in a practical way . that would be the kind of detail you would expect from a well-paid staff such as the major commercial or academic encyclopaedias have ( and even in their case , i don't think they provide page numbers or greater details , they just mention the source ) . at any rate , this book is academic , authentic and well-respected . naturally , it is deeply hated by its opponents .
0.039484717
i do not have the book here with me at the moment is it a wikipedia requirement to not only provide a book but also page number and chapter number etc that would put enough burden and responsibility on volunteer contributors to not be able to controbute in a practical way that would be the kind of detail you would expect from a wellpaid staff such as the major commercial or academic encyclopaedias have and even in their case i dont think they provide page numbers or greater details they just mention the source at any rate this book is academic authentic and wellrespected naturally it is deeply hateld by its opponents 
0.017467247
hated

= = some things to note about stalin = = 1 ., many and most photos of stalin are either heavily doctored or even fake . he was known to aviod photographers because his face was ugly from heavy pitting and canker . he had a number of better-looking doubles ( stand-ins ) to serve in pr opportunities . he used to stand on high/remote pedestrals when must appear in public to avoid close scrunity . 2 ., it is a commonly held opinion in eastern europe ( i think it is a fact ) that josif dsugasvili was an ordinary highwayman by profession before he joined the revolutionaries . he used to rob trains with a grops of outlaws , forcing people to stand and deliver . 3 ., isn't it strange the stalin wikipedia article does not include the word dictator / dictatorship ( or anything that starts with dict *) at all according to ie's search ? political correctness should not run amok , especially considering this is english language wikipedia and us people know very little about foreign relations and history by school education , so it is easy to indoctrinate them by kind ol ' uncle joe babble . or do you think only ancient roman leaders can be called a dictator per definitionem ? most of stalin's actions were clearly outside the realm of politics ( which means debate and negotiations vs . headshot ) so calling him a politician is an offense to leaders who spent their entire life serving their nation and all of its citizens in accordance with the people's will . 4 ., did stalin murder his wife ? has this issue been settled conclusively ? 5 ., hungarian people depicted while expressing their most sincere sentiments towards dead stalin by toppling and decorating his giant statue in budapest during the 1956 revolution : http://www.sulinet.hu/eletestudomany/archiv/2000/0042/forr/1319-2 .. jpg regards : tamas feher from hungary etomcat@freemail.hu
0.1378155
some things to note about stalin 1 many and most photos of stalin are either heavily doctored or even fake he was known to aviod photographers because his face was gugly from heavy pitting and canker he had a number of betterlooking doubles standins to serve in pr opportunities he used to stand on highremote pedestrals when must appear in public to avoid close scrunity 2 it is a commonly held opinion in eastern europe i think it is a fact that josif dsugasvili was an ordinary highwayman by profession before he joined the revolutionaries he used to rob trains with a grops of outlaws forcing people to stand and deliver 3 isnt it strange the stalin wikipedia article does not include the word dictator dictatorship or anything that starts with dict at all according to ies search political correctness should not run amok especially considering this is english language wikipedia and us people know very little about foreign relations and history by school education so it is easy to indoctrinate them by kind ol uncle joe babble or do you think only ancient roman leaders can be called a dictator per definitionem most of stalins actions were clearly outside the realm of politics which means debate and negotiations vs headshot so calling him a politician is an offense to leaders who spent their entire life serving their nation and all of its citizens in accordance with the peoples will 4 did stalin murder his wife has this issue been settled conclusively 5 hungarian people depicted while expressing their most sincere sentiments towards dead stalin by toppling and decorating his giant statue in budapest during the 1956 revolution httpwwwsulinethueletestudomanyarchiv20000042forr13192 jpg regards tamas feher from hungary etomcatfreemailhu 
0.08752626
ugly

= = what he knew and when he knew it = = : though highly critical of the soviet union , chomsky has sometimes been more positive in his assessment of communist movements in asia , particularly in the 1960s and ' 70s when not all information on them was available in the west . is this an assertion that if chomsky only knew more about the bad things the communists did , he wouldn't have praised them so much ?
0.04461117
what he knew and when he knew it though highly critical of the soviet union chomsky has sometimes been more positive in his assessment of communist movements in asia particularly in the 1960s and 70s when not all information on them was available in the west is this an assertion that if chomsky only knew more about the bad things the ncommunists did he wouldnt have praised them so much 
0.02173076
communists

= = winter soldier investigation and vietnam veterans against the war = = these two articles have been unprotected . i am going to assume good faith . please do not start another edit war on those articles . if you have a problem , go through the wikipedia : dispute resolution process . i am going to make certain that you and the anonymous user follow wikipedia guidelines .
0.07907033
winter soldier investigation and vietnam veterans against the waar these two articles have been unprotected i am going to assume good faith please do not start another edit waxr on those articles if you have a problem go through the wikipedia dispute resolution process i am going to make certain that you and the anonymous user follow wikipedia guidelines 
0.055854425
war

= = aachen = = hello , i'm wondering what relics there are of the frankish empire . what architecture and museum-level pieces remain ? i understand that charlemagne's tomb lies in his cathedral , but what about the palaces ? where are those ?
0.031637702
aachen hello im wondering what relics there are of the frankish empire what architecture and museumlevel pieces remain i understand that charlemagnes tomb liees in his cathedral but what about the palaces where are those 
0.014717699
lies

= = hello = = sorry i didn't know what to say when you came by my profile recently to welcome me , but thanks . now , there's the matter of some dude calling me a neo-nazi and playing all these straw man fallacies . i sternly objected to his ignorant mccarthyism but he has now gone and contacted rickk on his talk page and i don't know what'll happen . is this common , the witchfinder general blacklisting ? does this happen to everybody at some point , on wikipedia ? how do i avoid it ?
0.25393623
hello sorry i didnt know what to say when you came by my profile recently to welcome me but thanks now theres the matter of some dude calling me a neonazi and playing all these straw man fallacies i sternly objected to his ignorantt mccarthyism but he has now gone and contacted rickk on his talk page and i dont know whatll happen is this common the witchfinder general blacklisting does this happen to everybody at some point on wikipedia how do i avoid it 
0.16912024
ignorant

: crimethinc should be included but not in the section its in . crimethinc isn't an ideology , it's an organization of many people that promotes certain ideologies , lifestyles , and tactics . it is arguably the most active distributer of anarchist ideas today , especially among youth , but as was already said there is no crimethincism . crimethinc says this in another , quite artistic way , on one of their trailers for the book days of war , nights of love which which they more or less say what is crimethink ? anything that can't be bought , sold , or faked . what is crimethinc ? crimethinc is the black market where love , beauty ( etc . ) are traded for lives ... in other words , crimethinc sees itself as a means to promote widespread crimethink , which isn't far from its original definition from orwell's 1984 , that is , humanism and rebellion against hierarchy .
0.06136308
crimethinpc should be included but not in the section its in crilethinc isnt an ideology its an organization of many people that promotes certain ideologies lifestyles and tactics it is arguably the most active distributer of anarchist ideas today especially among youth but as was already said there is no crimethincism crimethinl says this in another quite artistic way on one of their trailers for the book days of war nights of love which which they more or less say what is crimethink anything that cant be bought sold or faked what is crimehinc yrimethinc is the black market where love beauty etc are traded for lives in other words crimethtinc sees itself as a means to promote widespread crimethink which isnt far from its original definition from orwells 1984 that is humanism and rebellion against hierarchy 
0.033634562
crimethinc

= = vfd on jews by country = = this has not yet been submitted , and john would wig out if i submitted it myself . but i suggest you discuss this with others asap . i submit for your discussion with others that the author has little regard for misrepresenting the reliability of his figures , that the article gives a inferior knowledge than the jewish population article does both of current and pass population tends . that the title is questionable in its honesty because as he shows at the top of the discussion page , following his prevuious pattern he should have used the less offensive title judaism by country . and finally , the figures which he has published do not come from the listed reference pages as he infers but have been generated by himself by multiplying the est . 2005 populations by the rough percentage numbers for the countries . as an example , being australian i checked his figure for australian jews in his words . none of his references give his figure of 100,452 . nor do any of the reputable sources pretend to give percise religious numbers to six or eight digit accuracy . in fact , checking the references you quickly discover that the 2001 australian census gave the figure of 84,000 people who marked judaism as their religion . that all other real estimates are based upon adjustments to that figure , as is discussed on this page i found by a christian research association . i finally did a google searchon his claimed figure to discover that wikipedia is the only publication claiming such a figure . so i finally submit that this article relects badly upon wikipedia and adds no meaningful value beyond the fine work already done in jewish population . i am afraid this is seems to be another example of where this author has misrepresented certain details to create the illusion that he is scholarly npov author .
0.06544539
vfd on jews by country this has not yet been submitted and john would wig out if i submitted it myself but i suggest you discuss this with others asap i submit for your discussion with others that the author has little regard for misreepresenting the reliability of his figures that the article gives a inferior knowledge than the jewish population article does both of current and pass population tends that the title is questionable in its honesty because as he shows at the top of the discussion page following his prevuious pattern he should have used the less offensive title judaism by country and finally the figures which he has published do not come from the listed reference pages as he infers but have been generated by himself by multiplying the est 2005 populations by the rough percentage numbers for the countries as an example being australian i checked his figure for australian jews in his words none of his references give his figure of 100452 nor do any of the reputable sources pretend to give percise religious numbers to six or eight digit accuracy in fact checking the references you quickly discover that the 2001 australian census gave the figure of 84000 people who marked judaism as their religion that all other real estimates are based upon adjustments to that figure as is discussed on this page i found by a christian research association i finally did a google searchon his claimed figure to discover that wikipedia is the only publication claiming such a figure so i finally submit that this article relects badly upon wikipedia and adds no meaningful value beyond the fine work already done in jewish population i am afraid this is seems to be another example of where this author has misrepresented certain details to create the illusion that he is scholarly npov author 
0.05708223
misrepresenting

short for the spanish word cohete , which means rocket . defines an explosive , hyperactive and restless individual . born in july 16th 1980 , in guatemala city , central america .
0.008932486
short  for the spanish word cohete which means rocket defines an explosive hyperactive and restless individual born in july 16th 1980 in guatemala city central america 
0.008040327
short

