= = hey idiot = = you were the one that was repeatedly undoing my edits . go away , and stop vandalising !
0.9164051
hey ididot you were the one that was repeatedly undoing my edits go away and stop vandalising 
0.41908655
idiot

= = re : suspected sockpuppet = = it said on a message on a heading on my talk page : the log shows that none of the 3 accounts have been blocked . if you can't edit it would suggest that a blocked user has been using your ip address . ( see blocking policy ) . i think i know the user that user who used my ip adress . he was . = = thanks = = both for honest feedback , and for cleaning up after my template goof on the master jay nomination clearly my cut-and-paste skills failed me there , and i'm glad you were willing to clean up the mess . best regards , : you're welcome .
0.12920716
re suspected sockpuppet it said on a message on a heading on my talk page the log shows that none of the 3 accounts have been blocked if you cant edit it would suggest that a blocked user has been using your ip address see blocking policy i think i know the user that user who used my ip adress he was thanks both for honest feedback and for cleaning up after my template gsoof on the master jay nomination clearly my cutandpaste skills failed me there and im glad you were willing to clean up the mess best regards youre welcome 
0.0785986
goof

welcome ! hello , and welcome to wikipedia . thank you for your contributions . currently , you are editing without a username . you can continue to do so , as you are not required to log in to wikipedia to read and edit articles ; however , logging in will result in a username being shown instead of your ip address ( yours is ) . logging in does not require any personal details . there are many other benefits for logging in to wikipedia . for now , if you are stuck , you can type {{ helpme }} on this page and an experienced wikipedian will be around to answer any questions you may have . please note these points : * please respect others ' copyrights ; do not copy and paste the contents from webpages directly . * please use a neutral point of view when editing articles ; this is possibly the most important wikipedia policy . * if you are testing , please use the sandbox to do so . * do not add unreasonable contents into any articles , such as : copyrighted text , advertisement messages , and text that is not related to an article's subject . both adding such unreasonable information and editing articles maliciously are considered vandalism . the wikipedia tutorial is a good place to start learning about wikipedia . if you have any questions , ask me on my talk page – i will answer your questions as far as i can ! thank you again for contributing to wikipedia .
0.03880726
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions currently you are editing without a username you can continue to do so as you are not required to log in to wikipedia to read and edit articles however logging in will result in a username being shown instead of your ip address yours is logging in does not require any personal details there are many other benefits for logging in to wikipedia for now if you are stuock you can type helpme on this page and an experienced wikipedian will be around to answer any questions you may have please note these points please respect others copyrights do not copy and paste the contents from webpages directly please use a neutral point of view when editing articles this is possibly the most important wikipedia policy if you are testing please use the sandbox to do so do not add unreasonable contents into any articles such as copyrighted text advertisement messages and text that is not related to an articles subject both adding such unreasonable information and editing articles maliciously are considered vandalism the wikipedia tutorial is a good place to start learning about wikipedia if you have any questions ask me on my talk page – i will answer your questions as far as i can thank you again for contributing to wikipedia 
0.028566936
stuck

please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to coal . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox .
0.16203439
please refrain from adding nonsensey to wikipedia as you did to coal it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox 
0.098961614
nonsense

please stop removing content from wikipedia ; it is considered vandalism . if you want to experiment , please use the sandbox . thank you .
0.06755689
please stop removing content from wikipedia it is considered vandalisqm if you want to experiment please use the sandbox thank you 
0.040003452
vandalism

i hate this guy he is some internet thug that thinks he knows what real hip hip is about he lives in dayton from the mean streets of dayton you little internet popo .
0.70157576
i khate this guy he is some internet thug that thinks he knows what real hip hip is about he lives in dayton from the mean streets of dayton you little internet popo 
0.6420008
hate

= = proposed move = = * it is proposed that the name of this article be moved to chernobyl disaster to bring it inline with similar industrial disasters like the bhopal disaster . this was no mear accident . an accident would have been someone crashing their car into a group of pedestrians . this was a long term , far reaching , and environmentally catostrophic occurance .
0.09596187
proposed move it is proposed that the name of this article be moved to chernobyl disaster to bring it inline with similar industrial disasters like the bhopal disaster this was no mear accident an accident would have been someone crashinqg their car into a group of pedestrians this was a long term far reaching and environmentally catostrophic occurance 
0.04818765
crashing

= = hey = = how ya doin fuck face ? did u think you were safe ? huh ? did ya ? skank ? you are a ho . you need death , and nothing else . i really dislike your existance . i think that you are a piece of shit . i will come to your home , and kill you , and any other man-lover you have hiding there . you should perish you skank . you are more worthless than the dog shit in the backyard . if you think that you can come get me , as god as my witness i will conduct a crusade against your kind . why the fuck would you change the lci food fight article ? i really hope you die in a hole somewhere . i will continue to come back , until you fucking rot in hell ! you are no longer needed on earth , or wikipedia , so make like the homosexual you are , and anal fuck yourself until you drown in a cesspool of your own bodily fluids . i really hope you perish soon . end your life any way you want , here are some starting ideas : hang yourself , shoot yourself in the head with a shotgun , whatever you wish ! hell , even light yourself on fire and hang yourself . just dont make too much of a mess , as no one will want to spend that much time on a worthless piece of shit like you . go die . commit suicide . terminate your existance . all of the above . that would make me happy . i hope to god that you end your life by tomorrow , or even do it in the sunrise . when i get blocked for this , i will know that you read it . thank you , you are no longer needed- -thank you , management . ( god )
0.9515959
hey how ya doin fuck face did u think you were safe huh did ya skank you are a ho you need death and nothing else i really dislike your existance i think that you are a piece of shit i will come to your home and kill you and any other manlover you have hiding there you should perish you skank you are more worthless than the dog shit in the backyard if you think that you can come get me as god as my witness i will conduct a crusade against your kind why the fuck would you change the lci food fight article i really hope you die in a hole somewhere i will continue to come back until you fuckikng rot in hell you are no longer needed on earth or wikipedia so make like the homosexual you are and anal fuck yourself until you drown in a cesspool of your own bodily fluids i really hope you perish soon end your life any way you want here are some starting ideas hang yourself shoot yourself in the head with a shotgun whatever you wish hell even light yourself on fire and hang yourself just dont make too much of a mess as no one will want to spend that much time on a worthless piece of shit like you go die commit suicide terminate your existance all of the above that would make me happy i hope to god that you end your life by tomorrow or even do it in the sunrise when i get blocked for this i will know that you read it thank you you are no longer needed thank you management god 
0.9331858
fucking

