= = 2nd lever warning = = stop taking back the facts , which you do not know ahout , nobody is removing anything , except what is wrong , you are not a historian , so get lost , the only warning , i suggest should go to you . and get me one administrator i can talk to , not ignorant ones ...
0.41715303
2nd lever warning stop taking back the facts which you do not know ahout nobody is removing anything except what is wrong you are not a historian so get lost the only warning i suggest should go to you and get me one administrator i can talk to not ignorantt ones 
0.2819427
ignorant

: a ewe is a female sheep . since the word is pronounced ' you ' , there is some confusion surrounding this word . strictly from spelling ' an ewe ' seems more appropriate , but from a pronunciation point of view , ' a ewe ' is superior . while i'm not sure which version is more gramatically correct , a google search suggests that ' a ewe ' is more common ( oddly , some websites use both methods of spelling ) , so i'm inclined to keep it at ' a ewe ' .
0.09289674
a ewe is a female sheeap since the word is pronounced you there is some confusion surrounding this word strictly from spelling an ewe seems more appropriate but from a pronunciation point of view a ewe is superior while im not sure which version is more gramatically correct a google search suggests that a ewe is more common oddly some websites use both methods of spelling so im inclined to keep it at a ewe 
0.075821586
sheep

= = thanks = = hello , i wish to thank you for your vote on my rfa . it has passed with a final tally of 59/0/0 . if i can ever help with anything or if you have any comments about my actions as an admin , ! self |
0.026707206
thanks hello i wish to thank you for your vote on my rfa it has passed with a final tally of 5900 if i can ever help with anything or if you have any comments about my actions as an admin selrf 
0.020359568
self

oh , and you suck dick .
0.97873324
oh and you wsuck dick 
0.9341502
suck

= = please dont be a vandal = = re : islamist terrorism , we have enough problem with islamists trying to think they own the article as it is . don't be a vandal .
0.42481923
please dont be a vandal re islamist terrori sm we have enough problem with islamists trying to think they own the article as it is dont be a vandal 
0.3506772
terrorism

= = unprotecting islamist terrorism = = the article was protected because the likes of our racist crowd including yuber , farhansher , and leehunter think they own it and continually delete sourced material they think reflects badly on islam . you've just reopened the problem .
0.44284213
unprotecting islamist terrorism the article was protected because the likes of our racfist crowd including yuber farhansher and leehunter think they own it and continually delete sourced material they think reflects badly on islam youve just reopened the problem 
0.26691914
racist

= = interesting comments on wikipedia : stable versions = = i found this to be very interesting and well thought out ! i think you've hit the nail on the head with regards to how quality improves over time , though i don't agree with locking articles down . -
0.049920235
interesting comments on wikipedia stable versions i found this to be very interesting and well thought out i think youve hqit the nail on the head with regards to how quality improves over time though i dont agree with locking articles down 
0.038405716
hit

okay , i have now tried to just delete the offensive sentences in the beginning about mr. irving being a socalled ' holocaust denier ' . he says himself he is not , and acknowledges that many jews were killed during the war , however he does not go along with the 6 million jews killed-figure , as he reckons the number to be lower . and it really comes down to that : david has the right to question anything relating to history and ww2 is his speciality , and he actually makes a living of questioning and critically examining sources . i also decided to delete the account about him loosing a court case in 2000 . david have launched several libel cases before - in 1996 he won 45000 £ libel-damage against an english sunday newspaper . the fact that he this time lost is not something that should figure at the head of his cv . many people also find it extraordinary that a judge can deside what a person is or is not , and what beliefs he holds .
0.07306947
okay i have now tried to just delete the offensive sentences in the beginning about mr irving being a socalled holocaust denier he says himself he is not and acknowledges that many jewb were killed during the war however he does not go along with the 6 million vjews killedfigure as he reckons the number to be lower and it really comes down to that david has the right to question anything relating to history and ww2 is his speciality and he actually makes a living of questioning and critically examining sources i also decided to delete the account about him loosing a court case in 2000 david have launched several libel cases before in 1996 he won 45000 £ libeldamage against an english sunday newspaper the fact that he this time lost is not something that should figure at the head of his cv many people also find it extraordinary that a judge can deside what a person is or is not and what beliefs he holds 
0.052737955
jews

: moncrief , do you even know what a shepherd is ? i used to work on a cattle ranch , so i know a bit about this stuff . to quote the wikipedia article on shepherds , a shepherd is one who takes care of sheep , usually in flocks in the fields ... unlike farmers , shepherds were often wage earners , being paid to watch the sheep of others . the 1960s weren't biblical times . shepherding had long since become one of those crappy jobs that down-and-out laborers got when they could get it . in fact , that's an important part of proulx's story , characterizing them as a particular kind of wretched of the earth . calling them cowboys is yet another example of arrogant coastal ignorance . : i am more sensitive to the argument that they only worked on the sheep operation that one summer . afterwards ennis worked with cattle and jack worked most of his life in an office job ( not as a rodeo cowboy to whoever made that remark ) . however , the bulk of the movie painstakingly details that crucial first summer , the summer that so defined them . therefore , i'd say that the relevant description , especially in this paragraph discussing that summer , would be shepherds . that , however , is more up for debate . i would settle for calling them laborers who got jobs herding sheep . although anybody who's ever worked on a ranch or knows a damn thing about ranching knows that that's just a circumlocution for shepherd . but since i don't want to make a personal hobby of constantly changing this page , i'll settle for that as a compromise . chris
0.20619066
moncrief do you even know what a shepherd is i used to work on a cattle ranch so i know a bit about this stuff to quote the wikipedia article on shepherds a shepherd is one who takes care of sheep usually in flocks in the fields unlike farmers shepherds were often wage earners being paid to watch the sheep of others the 1960s werent biblical times shepherding had long since become one of those crapgpy jobs that downandout laborers got when they could get it in fact thats an important part of proulxs story characterizing them as a particular kind of wretched of the earth calling them cowboys is yet another example of arrogant coastal ignorance i am more sensitive to the argument that they only worked on the sheep operation that one summer afterwards ennis worked with cattle and jack worked most of his life in an office job not as a rodeo cowboy to whoever made that remark however the bulk of the movie painstakingly details that crucial first summer the summer that so defined them therefore id say that the relevant description especially in this paragraph discussing that summer would be shepherds that however is more up for debate i would settle for calling them laborers who got jobs herding sheep although anybody whos ever worked on a ranch or knows a damn thing about ranching knows that thats just a circumlocution for shepherd but since i dont want to make a personal hobby of constantly changing this page ill settle for that as a compromise chris 
0.12872913
crappy

beryllium sphere's purpose i love this movie ( to the extent that we made thermion outfits for a fancy dress once ) . i've always pondered what the beryllium sphere was actually for . reading around , a number of possibilities for this are : * a neutron reflector - beryllium is good for reflecting neutrons . * a gamma reflector - beryllium is apparently fairly good at reflecting gamma rays too . * some kind of inertial system * affects the space-time continuum in a way suitable for warp drives . * high temperature and pressure confinement system . the reason i wonder is mainly because beryllium is an unusual material and is very toxic to handle , so they nsca designers must have had some special reasons for such an exotic material . the fact that an alien race produced a suitable replacement indicates it is practically a commodity in spacefaring communities . is there any data connecting the performance of beryllium spheres with that of transparent aluminium ?
0.106514074
beryllium spheres purpose i love this movie to the extent that we made thermion outfits for a fancy dress once ive always pondered what the beryllium sphere was actually for reading around a number of possibilities for this are a neutron reflector beryllium is good for reflecting neutrons a gamma reflector beryllium is apparently fairly good at reflecting gamma rays too some kind of inertial system affects the spacetime continuum in a way suitable for warp drives high temperature and pressure confinement system the reason i wonder is mainly because beryllium is an unusual material and is very toxinc to handle so they nsca designers must have had some special reasons for such an exotic material the fact that an alien race produced a suitable replacement indicates it is practically a commodity in spacefaring communities is there any data connecting the performance of beryllium spheres with that of transparent aluminium 
0.035641517
toxic

= = request for free usage of your picture = = dear chris , we are considering using your image of the westminster abbey for the front cover of the manual for a course teaching the westminister confession of faith taught at our school , biblical graduate school of theology . please let us know if there are any usage restriction . we look forward to your kind consent to use this free of charge . regards , mr. leong kok weng librarian biblical graduate school of theology library 31 #01 -01 tanjong pagar road singapore 088454 . tel : 62276815 fax : 62249897 http://www.bgst.edu.sg/lib leongkw@bgst.edu.sg
0.018438876
request for free usage of your picture dear chris we are considering using your image of the westminster abbey for the front cover of the manual for a course teaching the westminister confession of faith taught at our school bibuical graduate school of theology please let us know if there are any usage restriction we look forward to your kind consent to use this free of charge regards mr leong kok weng librarian biblicalh graduate school of theology library 31 01 01 tanjong pagar road singapore 088454 tel 62276815 fax 62249897 httpwwwbgstedusglib leongkwbgstedusg 
0.016149614
biblical

:: i agree with gflores that the new awb should keep the verification to avoid abuse by vandals .
0.10195897
i agree with gflores that the new awb should keep the verification to avoid abuse by vanpdals 
0.0897124
vandals

= = anti-romanian discrimination = = hi 67.98.183.77 ! i have noticed your edits at anti-romanian discrimination . the article is a very controversial one , so if you want to contribute any new edits it is important that you continue to leave all of the disputed tags in place . additionally , it would be good to post any new content on the talk page and see the response before editing the actual article , since it is only likely to provoke edit wars . lastly , please consider creating an account at wikipedia . thanks , ''''''
0.049587954
antiromanian d i s c r i m i n a t i o n hi 679818377 i have noticed your edits at antiromanian zdiscrimination the article is a very controversial one so if you want to contribute any new edits it is important that you continue to leave all of the disputed tags in place additionally it would be good to post any new content on the talk page and see the response before editing the actual article since it is only likely to provoke edit wars lastly please consider creating an account at wikipedia thanks 
0.030785173
discrimination

= = metal page reverts = = hey . just a quick note to say : in a sentence , names of metal genres are done in lower case , not capital case . for instance , i suggest checking the gothic metal and symphonic metal articles . dont worry , i got blammed for it before . just thought id give you a nice little tip , rather then let someone else bite your head off .
0.17898054
metal page reverts hey just a quick note to say in a sentence names of metal genres are done in lower case not capital case for instance i suggest checking the gothic metal and symphonic metal articles dont worry i got blammed for it before just thought id give you a nice little tip rather then let someone else bite your heaad off 
0.15885252
head

