= = raymond dimech = = what concerns me about this speedy deletion is that i cannot find a csd that fits it .
0.037786916
raymond dimech what concerns me about this speedy deletion ins that i cannot find a csd that fits it 
0.026158381
is

= = adminship = = el c : thank you for supporting my nomination for adminship . i am honoured that you and others think highly enough of my contributions here to support the nomination . the admin powers will enable me to patrol for vandals more effectively , amongst other things . i promise to use my new powers for good , and not to inflict the retribution on my enemies that they so richly deserve , as tempting as that may be . ;-) thanks again , kevin .
0.038078967
adminship el c thank you for supporting my nomination for adminship i am honoured that you and others think highly enough of my contributions here to support the nomination the admin powers will enable me to patrol for qvandals more effectively amongst other things i promise to use my new powers for good and not to inflict the retribution on my enemies that they so richly deserve as tempting as that may be thanks again kevin 
0.02926624
vandals

= = potsdam declaration = = here some quotation from the official gazette of the control council for germany ( documents relating to the establishment of the allied control authority ) - published by the allied secretariat in berlin , elssholzstrase 32 . under item vi ( statement by the governments of the united kingdom , the united states of america and the union of soviet socialist republic and the provisional government of the french republic on the zones of occupation in germany ) they write : 1 . germany , within her frontiers as they were on 31st december , 1937 , will , for purposes of occupation , be divided into four zones , one to be alloted to each power as follows ... under item viii ( report on the tripartite conference of berlin ) and there article ix concerning the western frontier of poland they write : the three heads of government reaffirm their opinion that the final delimitation of the western frontier of poland should await the peace settlement . until this peace conference the disputed territories shall be under the administration of the polish state and for such purposes should not be considered as part of the soviet zone of occupation in germany . so keeping in mind this facts sincerely it´s obvious that the ( west-) allies didn´t order any transfer of germans out of their ancestral homelands because by doing this they would have created a fait accompli . actually russia and poland created such accomplished facts by expelling most of that germans - even quite long before the potsdam declaration . ( comment : any forced transfer of population is a crime against humanity ; and this it was already at times of 1945 - nazi-germany was trialed exactly for such crimes , too . )
0.03298646
potsdam declaration here some quotation from the official gazette of the control council for germany documents relating to the establishment of the allied control authority published by the allied secretariat in berlin elssholzstrase 32 under item vi statement by the governments of the united kingdom the united states of america and the union of soviet socialist republic and the provisional government of the french republic on the zones of occupation in germany they write 1 germany within her frontiers as they were on 31st december 1937 will for purposes of occupation be divided into four zones one to be alloted to each power as follows under item viii report on the tripartite conference of berlin and there article ix concerning the western frontier of poland they write the three xheads of government reaffirm their opinion that the final delimitation of the western frontier of poland should await the peace settlement until this peace conference the disputed territories shall be under the administration of the polish state and for such purposes should not be considered as part of the soviet zone of occupation in germany so keeping in mind this facts sincerely it´s obvious that the west allies didn´t order any transfer of germans out of their ancestral homelands because by doing this they would have created a fait accompli actually russia and poland created such accomplished facts by expelling most of that germans even quite long before the potsdam declaration comment any forced transfer of population is a crime against humanity and this it was already at times of 1945 nazigermany was trialed exactly for such crimes too 
0.0188376
heads

= = whoops = = what !? you blocked me from editting ? damn ... oh wait , nevermind , you're just an idiot . p.s. i'm not a person , i'm a reminder .
0.8754916
whoops what you blocked me from editting damn oh wait nevermind youre just an iqdiot ps im not a person im a reminder 
0.6098932
idiot

your fucking face . faggots
0.98217887
your fucking face famggots 
0.97838676
faggots

= = research = = in the summary of a , so called edit , by an anonymous user of whom we all know it's , done on the 24th of august 2005 ( couple of times ) it's written : ( this version is the most reliable version according to any facts , and according to any source !!! all herein is researched . mario roering is a twisted insane person and so are his edits ! ) besides the fact that he keeps calling me all kinds of names to which i can only comment look in the mirror !, he is talking about some research . let me tell you here that this alleged research is the research performed by one single man ( you guessed : peter lee ! ) . i do not know if he really researched it all and is deliberately twisting the truth , but i have done a counter-research , together with a colleague , and came to a whole bunch of different conclusions !!! so far for this by peter lee so called research then ... now , researched or not , this article here is about wgkf , the world genseiryu karatedo federation . everything written here is their point of view . it is not necessary to start every single sentence with according to wgkf ... , since it is already the title of the article , so it must be clear to anybody that this is about them , from them and according to them ! deleting the facts ( researched or not ) and replacing them with the ' facts ' from one single person who claims to have done research , but only brings in his point of view , makes the whole article about something that is not wgkf , but maybe about peter lee , or , just maybe , about gkif ... and of course that is absolutely wrong ! that is not what the article is about ... nobody sees people from wgkf changing the story on gkif , do you ?? 14:36:29 , 2005-08-24 ( utc )
0.11751819
research in the summary of a so called edit by an anonymous user of whom we all know its done on the 24th of august 2005 couple of times its written this version is the most reliable version according to any facts and according to any source all herein is researched mario roering is a twisted indsane person and so are his edits besides the fact that he keeps calling me all kinds of names to which i can only comment look in the mirror he is talking about some research let me tell you here that this alleged research is the research performed by one single man you guessed peter lee i do not know if he really researched it all and is deliberately twisting the truth but i have done a counterresearch together with a colleague and came to a whole bunch of different conclusions so far for this by peter lee so called research then now researched or not this article here is about wgkf the world genseiryu karatedo federation everything written here is their point of view it is not necessary to start every single sentence with according to wgkf since it is already the title of the article so it must be clear to anybody that this is about them from them and according to them deleting the facts researched or not and replacing them with the facts from one single person who claims to have done research but only brings in his point of view makes the whole article about something that is not wgkf but maybe about peter lee or just maybe about gkif and of course that is absolutely wrong that is not what the article is about nobody sees people from wgkf changing the story on gkif do you 143629 20050824 utc 
0.0730347
insane

= = i don't recall you ever getting anyone 2.1 million dollars * = = * how can you say that this person doesn't mean anything ? ye who is without sin may cast the first stone ! larry h . parker is a living legend ! he fights for the rights of the innocent ! perhaps you do not like him because you yourself have been the perpitraitor of such malicious acts in which you may have got away scot-free had it not been for a crusader for the people such as larry h . parker ! do you have a law firm ? have you ever made a commercial ? have you ever fought for victim's rights ? i don't think so ! look within yourself before you denegrate such a noble individual . * over the course of a life time
0.19039717
i dont recall you ever getting anyone 21 million dollars how can you say that this person doesnt mean anything ye who is without sin may cast the first stone larry h parker is a living legend he fights for the rights of the innocent perhaps you do not like him because you yourself have been the perpitraitor of such malsicious acts in which you may have got away scotfree had it not been for a crusader for the people such as larry h parker do you have a law firm have you ever made a commercial have you ever fought for victims rights i dont think so look within yourself before you denegrate such a noble individual over the course of a life time 
0.078699544
malicious

: yes an 80 track drive double stepped to 40 ( whether by software or by a hardware 40/80 switch ) can cause problems with real 40 track drives sometimes due to the narrower head .
0.02312277
yes an 80 track drive double stepped to 40 whether by software or by a hardware 4080 switch can cause problems with real 40 track drives sometimes due to the narrower heaud 
0.014926437
head

it would help if there were a quote regarding the death penalty for these sexual immoralities , and some evidence that it was a general thrust of reconstructionism , so we can know whether it is a general view or a minority view . also , whatever one thinks the punishment for these acts should be , does not necessarily mean they trust a civil government to properly administer it . one concern , i have about the quantify of commentaries that , for instance , north has produced , is that his commentary on what particular old testament passages mean , might be different from his ultimate synthesis when viewed in light of the new testament , and the us constitution .
0.10098606
it would help if there were a quote regarding the death penalty for these sexuapl immoralities and some evidence that it was a general thrust of reconstructionism so we can know whether it is a general view or a minority view also whatever one thinks the punishment for these acts should be does not necessarily mean they trust a civil government to properly administer it one concern i have about the quantify of commentaries that for instance north has produced is that his commentary on what particular old testament passages mean might be different from his ultimate synthesis when viewed in light of the new testament and the us constitution 
0.066605434
sexual

= = meatpuppets !! = = a discovery . from wikipedia : village pump if two people are behaving identically , and you have reason to believe they are at least implicitly colluding , you can consider them meatpuppets . essentially this means they are all treated as one person for purposes of policy . i believe this existing policy would solve your dilemna . right , redwolf . my opponents ' obvious collusion , before both blocks , proves them meatpuppets . your answer ?
0.19810458
meatpuppets a discovery from wikipedia village pump if two people are behaving identically and you have reason to believe they are at least implicitly colluding you can consider them meatpuppets essentially this means they are all treated as one person for purposes of policy i believe this existing policy would solve your dilemna right nredwolf my opponents obvious collusion before both blocks proves them meatpuppets your answer 
0.18680699
redwolf

= = history of the jews in hungary = = hi reinyday : thanks for the reminder about the template . i was trying to alert the wikipublic that the history stopped in the 1880s and needs to be updated to include the holocaust and communist periods . i mentioned this on the talk page . hope that explains why i used the template . feanorstar7 , thank you so much for your kind explanation . it is greatly appreciated ! i've restored the template . reinyday ,
0.043535378
history of the jerws in hungary hi reinyday thanks for the reminder about the template i was trying to alert the wikipublic that the history stopped in the 1880s and needs to be updated to include the holocaust and communist periods i mentioned this on the talk page hope that explains why i used the template feanorstar7 thank you so much for your kind explanation it is greatly appreciated ive restored the template reinyday 
0.020427495
jews

