ok , someone is either making up nonsensical data or there's some obscure census data . however much some of us really want chicago to bloom , i have found nothing so far demonstrating that it was estimated in 2006 that the population of chicago was slightly over 3 million . the latest census estimates put chicago on a consistent decline , and even older illinois estimates , which i had looked at before a long time ago and can't seem to find again ( which aren't 2006 ) put chicago projected , in 2006 , at less than 3 million . it doesn't even make sense on a theoretical level ; it took 10 years ( 1990-200 ) to grow by like 112k people , i highly doubt that all of a sudden chicago took that same level of growth in a little more than half that . someone find some solid data backing up that statement within the next few days or so , or i'll take it out . (- )
0.012716882
ok someone is either making up nsonsensical data or theres some obscure census data however much some of us really want chicago to bloom i have found nothing so far demonstrating that it was estimated in 2006 that the population of chicago was slightly over 3 million the latest census estimates put chicago on a consistent decline and even older illinois estimates which i had looked at before a long time ago and cant seem to find again which arent 2006 put chicago projected in 2006 at less than 3 million it doesnt even make sense on a theoretical level it took 10 years 1990200 to grow by like 112k people i highly doubt that all of a sudden chicago took that same level of growth in a little more than half that someone find some solid data backing up that statement within the next few days or so or ill take it out 
0.008917547
nonsensical

i disagree with you about what should be included in the article .
0.04908473
i tdisagree with you about what should be included in the article 
0.04866359
disagree

= = water in the coliseum = = fwiw , i watched a program on the history channel a couple of months ago , the focus of which was a chemical study of the makeup of the plaster used in the coliseum , and examination of the flooding and drainage facilities the romans had built into the coliseum . the program concluded that the plaster used contained small , but notable amounts of the substance that the romans used in aqueducts for waterproofing , but not enough that it was designed to be a permanent feature of the arena . it also concluded that the coliseum could have been flooded overnight , and that it was probably built with it being flooded shortly after completion- but not again after that- in mind . i can’t find ( in the brief search i’ve just done ) anything i can cite , so i’m not going to put it into the article yet … but i’d say that the section relating to the flooding of the coliseum is probably slightly out of date .
0.012677197
water in the coliseum fwiw i watched a program on the history channel a couple of months ago the focus of which was a chemical study of the makeup of the pvaster used in the coliseum and examination of the flooding and drainage facilities the romans had built into the coliseum the program concluded that the pdlaster used contained small but notable amounts of the substance that the romans used in aqueducts for waterproofing but not enough that it was designed to be a permanent feature of the arena it also concluded that the coliseum could have been flooded overnight and that it was probably built with it being flooded shortly after completion but not again after that in mind i can’t find in the brief search i’ve just done anything i can cite so i’m not going to put it into the article yet … but i’d say that the section relating to the flooding of the coliseum is probably slightly out of date 
0.011027582
plaster

you review it and maybe you will get a clue . i think you are vindictive and petty . you might as well stay out of my page .
0.43032715
you review it and maybe you will get a clue i think you are vindictive and petbty you might as well stay out of my page 
0.411244
petty

= = unsourced and pov information removed = = i removed a considerable amount of pov , or , opinions , and uncited/unsourced medical claims from the article . 72.154.154.40 chose to revert it , stating removing such a significant chunk of the page was too destructive . can we wait for some citations before annihilating all that stuff ? the answer is absolutely not : it wouldn't matter so much if this were an article on dog food or something , but you cannot , cannot , cannot have unsourced , uncited and misleading information regarding medical/safety/health matters . for a subject as important as this , medical advice and claims must be properly and responsibly sourced .
0.07327961
unsourced and pov information removed i removed a considerable amount of pov or opinions and uncitedunsourced medical claims from the article 7215415440 chose to revert it stating removing such a significant chunk of the page was too destructive can we wait for some citations before hannihilating all that stuff the answer is absolutely not it wouldnt matter so much if this were an article on dog food or something but you cannot cannot cannot have unsourced uncited and misleading information regarding medicalsafetyhealth matters for a subject as important as this medical advice and claims must be properly and responsibly sourced 
0.05152234
annihilating

cbdunkerson , i hope this comment on my own talk page is not considered intervention . ( i see i've been unblocked . ) i did not mean to suggest that mongo was purposely inserting information as part of his job . the only reason i said i would not be surprised , is because this has been going on for a while now and wikipedia has not stopped it . what else am i to think ? ( although i admit to not being familiar with wikipedia's procedures . ) still , that comment by me is nothing compared to what mongo's been getting away with . ( also just noticed this btw . ) wikipedia is supposed to be npov which is why mongo should steer clear of the 9/11 pages . an examination of the exchanges between mongo and myself here is a good example : mongo seems content with personal attacks : who cares how many misguided folks there are . his comments are clearly ad hominem personal attacks towards me , and many others . the following , from this page , shows he's content with namecalling as well . i removed an external link to a namecalling site , mongo reverts me leaving the following statement : i like this weblink ... it summaries things quite well i apologize for any insinuations on my part , but also must stress my own attempts at a npov . i'm sure we all agree , from mongo's own statements here that he is neither apologetic nor neutral : the pov pushers that try to add nonsense to the articles related to the 9/11 events have been told repeatedly that the vast majority of their contributions to those article violated numerous policies . this doesn't seem to stop them . this editor i blocked routinely reverts those that support the concensus verison and yes , conspiracy theorists is what they are ... they are not researchers . simply put , and i won't apologize for this not being more civil , i will continue to block pov pushers that disrupt the discussion pages and the articles with nonsense . two other admins responded to the unblock request and did not unblock this editor . i then moved the early parts of this conversation from an article talk page to here for all to see . it is ludicrus to assume that i was doing anything other than to ensure that the pov pushers of nonsense know that there is a limit to the level of disruption that needs to be tolerated . if mongo calls this paper , which has been peer reviewed by two physicists before being accepted for publication in a book , nonsense , obviously he is not npov
0.13381025
cbdunkerson i hope this comment on my own talk page is not considered intervention i see ive been unblocked i did not mean to suggest that mongo was purposely inserting information as part of his job the only reason i said i would not be surprised is because this has been going on for a while now and wikipedia has not stopped it what else am i to think although i admit to not being familiar with wikipedias procedures still that comment by me is nothing compared to what mongos been getting away with also just noticed this btw wikipedia is supposed to be npov which is why mongo should steer clear of the 911 pages an examination of the exchanges between mongo and myself here is a good example mongo seems content with personal attacks who cares how many misguided folks there are his comments are clearly ad hominem personal attacks towards me and many others the following from this page shows hes content with namecalling as well i removed an external link to a namecalling site mongo reverts me leaving the following statement i like this weblink it summaries things quite well i apologize for any insinuations on my part but also must stress my own attempts at a npov im sure we all agree from mongos own statements here that he is neither apologetic nor neutral the pov pushers that try to add nnsense to the articles related to the 911 events have been told repeatedly that the vast majority of their contributions to those article violated numerous policies this doesnt seem to stop them this editor i blocked routinely reverts those that support the concensus verison and yes conspiracy theorists is what they are they are not researchers simply put and i wont apologize for this not being more civil i will continue to block pov pushers that disrupt the discussion pages and the articles with nonsens two other admins responded to the unblock request and did not unblock this editor i then moved the early parts of this conversation from an article talk page to here for all to see it is ludicrus to assume that i was doing anything other than to ensure that the pov pushers of wnonsense know that there is a limit to the level of disruption that needs to be tolerated if mongo calls this paper which has been peer reviewed by two physicists before being accepted for publication in a book nonsxense obviously he is not npov 
0.07408928
nonsense

= = damac censors the truth again = = again damac has shown that he regards this site as his personal property . the argument i wrote under the title the truth about the 1986 sinn féin ard fheis was not a party political statement but my own composition . it seems that writing any argument on wikipedia is ok as long as it dosnt conflict with damac's views . he gives a link to a political debate site where i also posted the same argument . why should wikipedia users be directed to a political debate site to read arguments that were composed for this site and then posted on the debate site . that my composition was posted here on this site can be seen by checking the time of posting my argument here and checking the time i posted it on politics i.e. i think genuine wikipedia users can make up their own mind about damac's motives . fortunately damac's ability to censor is limited here as readers can review the history of this page by pressing the history button .
0.027547631
damac censors the truth again again damac has shown that he regards this site as his personal property the argument i wrote under the title the truth about the 1986 sinn féin ard fheis was not a party political statement but my own composition it seems that writing any argument on wikipedia is ok as long as it dosnt conflict with damacs views he gives a link to a political debate site where i also posted the same argument why should wikipedia users be directed to a political debate site to read arguments that were composed for this site and then posted on the debate site that my composition was posted here on this site can be seen by checking the time of posting my argument here and checking the time i posted it on politics ie i think genuine wikipedia users can make up their own mind about damacs motives fortunately damacs ability to censoyr is limited here as readers can review the history of this page by pressing the history button 
0.0256473
censor

= = re : beads = = hi scott , i just added a comment to the bead talkpage . could you give it a quick glance when you have a chance ? thanks )
0.025456665
res beads hi scott i just added a comment to the bead talkpage could you give it a quick glance when you have a chance thanks 
0.016424533
re

quite all right your cause is noble
0.067841984
quite all right your cause ics noble 
0.04659374
is

and likely will be for the forseeable future ) , shouldn't train station come first with railway station and railroad station offered as alternatives ? — : well , yes - however , doesn't seem to like train station ( apparently on the grounds that american english is incorrect ) . i've tidied this up now for consistency . = = that endless debate ... = = in my view this article should be at station , and the other meanings listed at station ( disambiguation ) . this would be consistent with both normal english usage ( us and british ) and n ormal wikipedia practice . and the objections are ?... = = oh , for heavens ' sake ! = = honestly , i'm sick of edit wars like this . can't we just use correct english ? if you are insistent on calling it a train station or railroad station ( or , in british english , a railway station ) ( to quote an old version of the main article ) , why not divide wikipedia in two , with http://usa.wikipedia.org for those of you who believe that american english is the best form of english and http://en.wikipedia.org for those of us who like to use proper english ! .
0.10525555
and likely will be for the forseeable future shouldnt train station come first with railway station and railroad station offered as alternatives — well yes however doesnt seem to like train station apparently on the grounds that american english is incorrect ive tidied this up now for consistency that endless debate in my view this article should be at station and the other meanings listed at station disambiguation this would be consistent with both normal english usage us and british and n ormal wikipedia practice and the objections are oh for heavens sabke honestly im sick of edit wars like this cant we just use correct english if you are insistent on calling it a train station or railroad station or in british english a railway station to quote an old version of the main article why not divide wikipedia in two with httpusawikipediaorg for those of you who believe that american english is the best form of english and httpenwikipediaorg for those of us who like to use proper english 
0.070131294
sake

= = are you sure about this guy's views ? = = the article states he's a homophobe . the picture on the article shows otherwise , unless he happens to be the biggest metrosexual known to man . seriously , this guy has to be gay , otherwise remove the picture of him and his wife . both give the impression that strom is a gay man who married a very ugly woman to maintain the facade of a heterosexual male . once again , just want to state that i'm pretty sure kevin alfred strom is gay , ( not that there's anything wrong with it ) so you may want to reconsider editing edits that claim homosexuality , they could be correct .
0.3734509
are you sure about this guys views the article states hes a homophobe the picture on the article shows otherwise unless he happens to be the biggest metrosexual known to man seriously this guy has to be gay otherwise remove the picture of him and his wife both give the impression that strom is a gay man who married a very yugly woman to maintain the facade of a heterosexual male once again just want to state that im pretty sure kevin alfred strom is gay not that theres anything wrong with it so you may want to reconsider editing edits that claim homosexuality they could be correct 
0.24502124
ugly

:::::::: ok , we dont share common terminology : linotype / standards body = geeks ( for me ) . thus , the article clearly states that the word caron was created by some geeks . remember we are talking language here , not typography .
0.06331449
ok we dont share common terminology linotype standards body ueeks for me thus the article clearly states that the word caron was created by some mgeeks remember we are talking language here not typography 
0.023271251
geeks

question : am i not allowed to edit my own userpage as i see fit ? why did you delete what i wrote ? aren't you infringing on my first amendment rights ?
0.18353173
question am i not allowed to edit my own userpage as i see fit why did you delete what i wrote arent you infringiung on my first amendment rights 
0.16352412
infringing

