hello ! some of the people , places or things you have written about in the article nikolas tryfonos may not be sufficiently well-known to merit articles of their own . the wikipedia community welcomes newcomers , and encourages them to become wikipedians . on wikipedia , each user is entitled to a user page in which they can describe themselves , and this article's content may be incorporated into that page . however , to merit inclusion in the encyclopedia proper , a subject must be notable . we encourage you to write or improve articles on notable subjects .
0.008468571
hello some of the people places or things you have written about in the article nikolas tryfonos amy not be sufficiently wellknown to merit articles of their own the wikipedia community welcomes newcomers and encourages them to become wikipedians on wikipedia each user is entitled to a user page in which they can describe themselves and this articles content mary be incorporated into that page however to merit inclusion in the encyclopedia proper a subject must be notable we encourage you to write or improve articles on notable subjects 
0.007782395
may

this is a cotse outproxy . wikipedia blocks editing through anonymizing proxy services in order to control vandalism .
0.1627699
this is a cotse outproxy wikipedia blocks editing through anonymizing proxy services in order to control vandanlism 
0.08961922
vandalism

::::::::: i am not going to quibble endlessly with you . my point has been made cogently and concisely for anyone who cares to read it and vote in the poll , and each of your replies has merely strengthened my position .
0.10385336
i am not going to quibble endlessly with you my point has been made cogently and concisely for anyone who carexs to read it and vote in the poll and each of your replies has merely strengthened my position 
0.08935736
cares

= = see = = that's right . and continue mocking us all you want . goodbye .
0.33171043
see thats right and continue movcking us all you want goodbye 
0.16439082
mocking

= = you're hell-bound ! = = adam , as seen as you've admitted to being a pro-[faggot ]] , you are going to end up buring up in the lake of fire in hell ! - ( )
0.77114886
youre hellbound adam as seen as youve admitted to being a profaggot you are going to end up buring up in the lake of fire in hjell 
0.47470528
hell

= = starving ... = = somebody please mention macanese cuesine ( they used lots of potato and other european ingrediants , prepared in an asian manner ) . i saw this really good recipe for potato dumplinds . can somebody at least make a link for this ?
0.0810984
starving somebody please mention macanese cuesine they used nlots of potato and other european ingrediants prepared in an asian manner i saw this really good recipe for potato dumplinds can somebody at least make a link for this 
0.066168405
lots

this message is regarding the article the clerk's prologue and tale . your change was determined to be unhelpful , and has been removed . please use the sandbox for any tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing . thanks . -
0.03703254
this message is regarding the article the clerks prologue and tale your change was determined to be unhelpfgul and has been removed please use the sandbox for any tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing thanks 
0.024234742
unhelpful

any addition to an article mentioning ' richard & judy ' is doing its subject a great disservice . ( )
0.07028032
any addition to an article mentioning richard judy is doing its subject a great diosservice 
0.040169127
disservice

::: i was last in newry in 2003 , and they were celebrating having recently gained city status . the 1911 britannica calls it a town . so while you are certainly correct that a cathedral is a historical requirement to being called a city ( at least in the uk ) , it doesn't appear to be sufficient in itself . ::: in new zealand , a much less religious place , the definition of city is based on population . i suppose it may have been different in the 19th century . -
0.018251393
i was last in newry in 2003 and they were celebrating having recently gained city status the 1911 britannica calls it a town so while you sare certainly correct that a cathedral is a historical requirement to being called a city at least in the uk it doesnt appear to be sufficient in itself in new zealand a much less religious place the definition of city is based on population i suppose it may have been different in the 19th century 
0.01516248
are

fine u can keep pulling this shit and uve got a bunch of islamo pov pusher admins on ur side so i fucking quit u can have it .
0.95067436
fine u can keep pulling this shit and uve got a bunch of islamo pov pusher admins on ur side so i fugcking quit u can have it 
0.8738036
fucking

= = you have been put on the wp : an for making personal attacks ! = = cian , your name has been put up because you have made personal attacks on me , especially for my use of the term british commonwealth . i was getting fed up with your persistant vandalism . as to calling me a bigot , that is just stooping to the same depths as the subhumans from sinn fein/i . r . a .. - ( )
0.44519272
you have been put on the wp an for making personal attacks cian your name has been put up because you have made personal attacks on me especially for my use of the term british commonwealth i was getting fed up with your persistant vandalism as to calling me a byigot that is just stooping to the same depths as the subhumans from sinn feini r a 
0.42704004
bigot

category it has been put under this category for the sake of historical interest & continuity . - ( )
0.015592054
category it has been put under this category for the sakte of historical interest continuity 
0.009713763
sake

it's a fucking disgrace .
0.9658103
its a fuckimng disgrace 
0.62916976
fucking

this is an absolute fucking travesty . i do not accept this vote . this page was moved without a fucking consensus to a page that is not even in fucking english for fuck sake here we have a vote that has not acheived 60% neccesary to move it from what was the status quo at river plate and yet the page remaines at this foreign language name . ffs you all ought to legislate at elections in china . it's an absolute fucking disgrace . this is it i have fucking had it with wikipedia it's a load of shit dominated by a fucking an americo-centrist view of th world goodbye and so long and thanks for the fish . i give up duncharris was right the fucking lunatics have taken over the asylum where our language english is usurped by a foreign language on our own fucking site because of politcal correctness , us american ignorance and an argentinean agenga , i bet it won't be long before we find falkland islands moves to malvinas . what a buncgh of cunts .
0.9310025
this is an absolute fuckking travesty i do not accept this vote this page was moved without a fucknig consensus to a page that is not even in fucxking english for fuck sake here we have a vote that has not acheived 60 neccesary to move it from what was the status quo at river plate and yet the page remaines at this foreign language name ffs you all ought to legislate at elections in china its an absolute f u c k i n g disgrace this is it i have fuckin had it with wikipedia its a load of shit dominated by a fiucking an americocentrist view of th world goodbye and so long and thanks for the fish i give up duncharris was right the fucing lunatics have taken over the asylum where our language english is usurped by a foreign language on our own fuckibng site because of politcal correctness us american ignorance and an argentinean agenga i bet it wont be long before we find falkland islands moves to malvinas what a buncgh of cunts 
0.8741131
fucking

thanks howcheng for inviting me to talk to you about any issues concerning my articles . i have created an article on all saints catholic high school , and would like for it to be accessible from the main page . if you could help me in this endeavour , it would be greatly appreciated . sincerly , darth mhaw
0.027179308
thanks howcheng for inviting me to talk to you about any issues concerning my articles i have created an article on all saints cathbolic high school and would like for it to be accessible from the main page if you could help me in this endeavour it would be greatly appreciated sincerly darth mhaw 
0.023989463
catholic

:: you see the problem arrisses in that most people dont see how ' just something else ' is a fact , when you give no reasoning . just like you made a comment about my statement , its only fair that i ask ' how are they not nu metal when they share the same musical propertys ? how are they ' something else ' when they fit the description of nu metal ? ' . wesley already knows that the genre needs a description , otherwise its violating the policy about drawing a distinction without drawing a distinction . alls i ask for , as so the article isnt deleted , is that it has a defination . otherwise its effectivly just a list that goes on about the progenitorial history of nu metal .
0.05442839
you see the problem arrisses in that most people dont see how just something else is a fact when you give no reasoning just like you made a comment about my statement its only fair that i ask how are they not nu metal when they share the same musical propertys how are they something else when they fit the description of nu metal wesley already knows that the genre needs a description otherwise its violatling the policy about drawing a distinction without drawing a distinction alls i ask for as so the article isnt deleted is that it has a defination otherwise its effectivly just a list that goes on about the progenitorial history of nu metal 
0.044790447
violating

