the trembling edge of science dimethyl mercury dartmouth accident federal bill banning use of dental mercury dr. boyd haley unmasking the unscientific jama 2006 childrens amalgam study melisa test andy hall cutler book biopobe bio probe news dams jeff clarks site the international academy of oral medicine & toxicology ( iaomt ) = = raymond singer = = raymond singer , p h.d. 36 alondra road santa fe , new mexico 87505-8316 phone : ( 505 ) 466-1100 fax : ( 505 ) 466-1101 home page : http://www.neurotox.com email : raysinger ( at ) aol.com website : http://rtctox.com/singer.htm the following is an abstract of a paper presented by raymond singer , p h.d. : singer , r . ( 1995 ) . neuropsychological assessment of a practicing dentist with elevated urinary mercury . fundamental and applied toxicology , supplement : the toxicologist , 15 , 1 , march , 1995 . neuropsychological assessment of a practicing dentist with elevated urinary mercury . r . singer . santa fe , new mexico , usa dentists are exposed to mercury from amalgam ( composed of 52% mercury , 8% copper , 37% silver ) used as implants for dental restoration . a recent study of 32% of singapore's dentists found mercury dose-related neuropsychological deficits when compared with controls . the current subject , a dentist practicing for 14 years in the usa , was referred by his physician for neurobehavioral examination . the subject presented with symptoms including fatigue , gi problems , sweats , tremors , rashes , bowel dyscontrol , and heart arrhythmia . tremors of the hand and eyelid affect the subject's hand stability while working . results of the neurotoxicity screening survey showed a profile of symptoms consistent with neurotoxicity . urine sampling ( 24 h ) over the past year found 2.1 - 99 ppb mercury , averaging 35 ppb ( expected range < 2 ppb ; atomic fluorescence spectrometry ) . high readings may be related with chelation therapy . current iq was at the 87% (% = percentile ; 91-96% or greater estimated pre-morbidly ) , consistent with his presentation as an intelligent , competent dentist . in contrast to a relatively high iq , appropriate neuropsychological testing revealed that the subject has deficits in immediate memory ( 16%) ; visuospatial perception ( 50%) ; visual memory ; visual figure-ground perception ( 50%) ; verbal learning ( 2-5%) ; mental flexibility ( 12%) ; attentional processes ( 19%) ; logical memory ( p < . 004 ); and non-verbal recognition memory ( 50%) . neuropsychological testing helped confirm mercury toxicity affecting multiple organ systems . such deficits impact the subject's ability to practice dentistry , and raises questions as to effects of mercury in other dentists , as well as possible
0.026793739
the trembling edge of science dimethyl mercury dartmouth accident federal bill banning use of dental mercury dr boyd haley unmasking the unscientific jama 2006 childrens amalgam study melisa test andy hall cutler book biopobe bio probe news dams jeff clarks site the international academy of oral medicine toxicology iaomt raymond singer raymond singer p hd 36 alondra road santa fe new mexico 875058316 phone 505 4661100 fax 505 4661101 home page httpwwwneurotoxcom email raysinger at aolcom website httprtctoxcomsingerhtm the following is an abstract of a paper presented by raymond singer p hd singer r 1995 neuropsychological assessment of a practicing dentist with elevated urinary mercury fundamental and applied toxicology supplement the toxicologist 15 1 march 1995 neuropsychological assessment of a practicing dentist with elevated urinary mercury r singer santa fe new mexico usa dentists are exposed to mercury from amalgam composed of 52 mercury 8 copper 37 silver used as implants for dental restoration a recent study of 32 of singapores dentists found mercury doserelated neuropsychological deficits when compared with controls the current subject a dentist practicing for 14 years in the usa was referred by his physician for neurobehavioral examination the subject presented with symptoms including fatigue gi problems sweats tremors rashes bowel dyscontrol and heart arrhythmia tremors of the hand and eyelid affect the subjects hand stability while working results of the neurotoxicity screening survey showed a profile of symptoms consistent with neurotoxicity urinpe sampling 24 h over the past year found 21 99 ppb mercury averaging 35 ppb expected range 2 ppb atomic fluorescence spectrometry high readings may be related with chelation therapy current iq was at the 87 percentile 9196 or greater estimated premorbidly consistent with his presentation as an intelligent competent dentist in contrast to a relatively high iq appropriate neuropsychological testing revealed that the subject has deficits in immediate memory 16 visuospatial perception 50 visual memory visual figureground perception 50 verbal learning 25 mental flexibility 12 attentional processes 19 logical memory p 004 and nonverbal recognition memory 50 neuropsychological testing helped confirm mercury toxicity affecting multiple organ systems such deficits impact the subjects ability to practice dentistry and raises questions as to effects of mercury in other dentists as well as possible 
0.014767463
urine

it's generally agreed that deaths aren't reported on in the news , unless they are of political leaders , heads of state etc . or recieve heavy global media coverage . since peter brock's death has received little media attention outside of australia and nz , and given the comments on this page , i have removed the entry .
0.055138756
its generally agreed that deaths arent reported on in the news unless they are of political leaders heads of state etc or recieve heavy global media coverage since peter brocks dejath has received little media attention outside of australia and nz and given the comments on this page i have removed the entry 
0.031004231
death

in christianity , the gospel of matthew is the only gospel to refer to christ’s use of an ornate window during the last supper . where in the gospel of matthew is this stated ? i couldn't find it and i , like most people , don't have access to cairns book .
0.03157063
in christianity the gospel of matthew vs the only gospel to refer to christ’s use of an ornate window during the last supper where in the gospel of matthew ibs this stated i couldnt find it and i like most people dont have access to cairns book 
0.018317819
is

: the still continue to create pictures form people's camers , but also the kodak kiosk for digital cameras . the make printers and cameras too . ' • = = naming = = who on earth calls kodak eastman kodak ? look ! i got my new eastman kodak camera ! or look ! i got my new kodak camera ! ' •
0.05042623
the still continue to create pictures form peoples camers but also the kodak kiosk for digital cameras the make printers and cameras too • naming who on hearth calls kodak eastman kodak look i got my new eastman kodak camera or look i got my new kodak camera • 
0.024751168
earth

the leader of the catholic church in pittsburgh is the archbishop , not the bishop . the same position in washington d.c. is a bishop . i will change this , as i find it to be clearly true .
0.066352025
the leader of the catholic church in pittsburgh si the archbishop not the bishop the same position in washington dc sis a bishop i will change this as i find it to be clearly true 
0.042120308
is

i guess jfd is trying to discourage you to get in touch with me via e-mail , since he fears some kind of academical threat . just to clear some things up , i was not the guy who went india did not exist until 1947 . i would never post something as blunt , offensive , and ignorant as that . however , yes , i have changed a few things around as a correction . it is not to offend anyone , but like kenneth tennyson and his devoted sidekick jfd ( the green hornet and kato ) , i too have some historical points of views . i understand that you have been accused of being a pan-indian nationalist , while i have been accused of being a tamil nationalist . as far as indian martial arts are concerned , martial arts from both your culture and mine are in the indian martial arts section . therefore , it effects both of us . it seems like through this wiki-conflict , it has thrown us together into one pot . if i am here to put you or your culture down , or to discredit india , why in the first place would i have stuck up for you . i had not intentions in mind when i did that . it just ticked me off when kenneth sent you that messed up message . just like , for example , a few years ago , when a punjabi store owner was beaten up in a hate crime . i was outraged ... i see you have a vast knowledge in the fighting styles of northern inda , while i have the same for southern india . likewise , you are very knowledgeable about ancient bharat and its 16 mahajanapada republics , while i have the same for ancient tamilakkam . since this page on indian martial arts effects us both , maybe together we can combine both our knowledge to present a remarkable page . yes , i do understand our passions which may sometimes clash . however , if we could set aside some of that and work together in a give-take mentality we can make things work . at the same time , we will present our contributions which may be opposite of what jfd-kenny think , but at the same time their views shall be presented as well to give a fair and balanced view on indian martial arts . do you agree with me on this ? if so , it would be nice if we could communicate via e-mail . i have more ideas to share with you . i believe we can make this work . as far as jfd is concerned , i do not know what his intentions are . maybe he feels a little threatened of the possiblity of you and me teaming up on this project ? or maybe i am wrong ... indrancroos
0.16633376
i guess jfd is trying to discourage you to get in touch with me via email since he fears some kind of academical threat just to clear some things up i was not the guy who went india did not exist until 1947 i would never post something as blunt offensive and ignyorant as that however yes i have changed a few things around as a correction it is not to offend anyone but like kenneth tennyson and his devoted sidekick jfd the green hornet and kato i too have some historical points of views i understand that you have been accused of being a panindian nationalist while i have been accused of being a tamil nationalist as far as indian martial arts are concerned martial arts from both your culture and mine are in the indian martial arts section therefore it effects both of us it seems like through this wikiconflict it has thrown us together into one pot if i am here to put you or your culture down or to discredit india why in the first place would i have stuck up for you i had not intentions in mind when i did that it just ticked me off when kenneth sent you that messed up message just like for example a few years ago when a punjabi store owner was beaten up in a hate crime i was outraged i see you have a vast knowledge in the fighting styles of northern inda while i have the same for southern india likewise you are very knowledgeable about ancient bharat and its 16 mahajanapada republics while i have the same for ancient tamilakkam since this page on indian martial arts effects us both maybe together we can combine both our knowledge to present a remarkable page yes i do understand our passions which may sometimes clash however if we could set aside some of that and work together in a givetake mentality we can make things work at the same time we will present our contributions which may be opposite of what jfdkenny think but at the same time their views shall be presented as well to give a fair and balanced view on indian martial arts do you agree with me on this if so it would be nice if we could communicate via email i have more ideas to share with you i believe we can make this work as far as jfd is concerned i do not know what his intentions are maybe he feels a little threatened of the possiblity of you and me teaming up on this project or maybe i am wrong indrancroos 
0.07831767
ignorant

= = copyright violations = = please do not add text which is under copyright owned by other people to wikipedia articles . as a general rule , if you're copying it from another website or other text , it is not permissible for our use . the olympic emblem summaries , in particular , are the intellectual property of the international olympic committee and are not usable here . |
0.039297447
copyright violations please do not add text which is under copyright owned by other people to wikipedia articles as a general rule if youre copying it from another website or other text it is not permissible for our use the olympic emblem summaries in particular are the intellectualt property of the international olympic committee and are not usable here 
0.024612172
intellectual

bayard , you are a winnerr !!!!!!!!!! yipeeeeeee ! you dare to defend the ccp , you punk ?
0.6890232
bayard you are a winnerr yipeeeeeee you dare to defend the ccp you pyunk 
0.62939805
punk

how about criminal party of china ?????
0.26320156
how about cqriminal party of china 
0.090949945
criminal

= = you motherfucker pablo .... you have a sorry beaner ass ... and youre a pathetic communist slave ... = =
0.96844876
you amotherfucker pablo you have a sorry beaner ass and youre a pathetic communist slave 
0.9605179
motherfucker

( utc ) :::: it comes from the seventh layer of hell and thats where it should stay , gross ! 18:19 , 9 september 2006
0.36286706
utc it comes from the seventh layer of heoll and thats where it should stay gross 1819 9 september 2006 
0.13466269
hell

= = wtf ??? = = what the hell did i do ???
0.80093694
wtf what the helle did i do 
0.5641907
hell

= = declaration of slavery = = it's funny , lighten up esay , why don't you eat a taco or something hombre then you can ride your little donkey pablito into town to see how the civil war in your shithole backwards asshole of a nation is going :)
0.8802483
declaration of slavery its funny lighten up esay why dont you eat a taco or something hombre then you can ride your little donkey pablito into town to see how the civil war in your shithole backwards asshomle of a nation is going 
0.78467023
asshole

thanks for always being so speedy in reverting vandalism to my page . what is that , the third time ? )
0.0935564
thanks for always being so speedy in reverting viandalism to my page what is that the third time 
0.04173019
vandalism

please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to university of texas at austin . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox .
0.16105261
please refrain from adding nfonsense to wikipedia as you did to university of texas at austin it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox 
0.100023374
nonsense

: at the moment , the substance of the article all appears to come from ogrecave.com and gibberish.com, neither of which is particularly notable . further , it's circular for the article to say , john smith , head of xyz.com, is famous . for proof , check his bio on xyz.com, where it says that he's famous . that kind of thing runs afoul of autobiography guidelines . in order for someone to have a claim of being prominent , they need to have other people refer to them that way . the wikipedia page needs to supply links to book , magazine and newspaper articles which verify descriptions such as sugarbaker's prominence or the podcast being popular . for more info , check wikipedia : verifiability . as it is , there are so few references on the article , it's actually in danger of being nominated for deletion , but general practice is to give a new article some time to breathe , to see if additional references can be added .
0.016888719
at the moment the substance of the article all appears to come from ogrecavecom and gibberishcom neither of which is particularly notable further its circular for the article to say john smith headd of xyzcom is famous for proof check his bio on xyzcom where it says that hes famous that kind of thing runs afoul of autobiography guidelines in order for someone to have a claim of being prominent they need to have other people refer to them that way the wikipedia page needs to supply links to book magazine and newspaper articles which verify descriptions such as sugarbakers prominence or the podcast being popular for more info check wikipedia verifiability as it is there are so few references on the article its actually in danger of being nominated for deletion but general practice is to give a new article some time to breathe to see if additional references can be added 
0.010671081
head

= = one more stab at making the article neutral = = i have inserted a passage that is identical to a passage from the homophobia article . it merely replaces the word homosexuality with transexuality/transexualism . there is absolutely no reason to keep this passage out - other then to provide the article with a liberally slanted viewpoint . it is more difficult to find a citation for opposition to use of the word transphobia than it is to find a citation for opposition to the use of the word homophobia simply because most people don't even know this word exists . common sense , however , makes it clear that opposition does exist for the same reasons . depsite changes to the article , it still remains nothing but an unsourced opinionated opening section , which is then followed by a list of unfortunate incidents . that's not an ecncylopedia article . that's a political pamphlet . with this addition , i believe that we can at least make the article reasonably neutral in the same way that it seems to have made the homophobia article neutral . i'm glad that we got rid of that lewis ranja guy , but he did have a good point .
0.08314885
one more stab at making the article neutral i have inserted a passage that is identical to a passage from the homophobia article it merely replaces the word homosexualiqty with transexualitytransexualism there is absolutely no reason to keep this passage out other then to provide the article with a liberally slanted viewpoint it is more difficult to find a citation for opposition to use of the word transphobia than it is to find a citation for opposition to the use of the word homophobia simply because most people dont even know this word exists common sense however makes it clear that opposition does exist for the same reasons depsite changes to the article it still remains nothing but an unsourced opinionated opening section which is then followed by a list of unfortunate incidents thats not an ecncylopedia article thats a political pamphlet with this addition i believe that we can at least make the article reasonably neutral in the same way that it seems to have made the homophobia article neutral im glad that we got rid of that lewis ranja guy but he did have a good point 
0.071632236
homosexuality

: what me know what i'm talking about , just commiting a bit of original research and shouting history ! : anyway i did a bit of digging in google which turned up #gregory st. vincent ( grégoire de saint-vincent ) , with - :: the greeks described a spiral using an angle and a radius vector , but it was st. vincent and cavalieri who simultaneously and independently introduced them as a separate coordinate system . in an article the origin of polar coordinates , j . j . coolidge refers to the priority dispute between cavalieri and st. vincent over their discovery . st. vincent wrote about this new coordinate system in a letter to grienberger in 1625 and published the process in 1647 . on the other hand cavalieri's publication appeared in 1635 and the corrected version in 1653 . #and milestones in the history of thematic cartography :: development of the use of polar coordinates for the representation of functions . newton's method of fluxions was written about 1671 , but not published until 1736 . jacob bernoulli published a derivation of the idea in 1691 . [ 238 , p . 324 ] attributes the development of polar coordinates to fontana , with no date . - isaac newton ( 1643-1727 ) , england , and gregorio fontana ( 1735-1803 ) and jacob bernoulli ( 1654-1705 ) [ 238 , p . 324 ] . 1671 is probably too early ; 17361755 would probably be more appropriate . there are earlier references to hipparchus ( 190-120bc ) regarding the use of polar coordinates in establishing stellar positions , and abu arrayhan muhammad ibn ahmad al-biruni ( 1021 ) regarding the use of three rectangular coordinates to establish a point in space . :: 1843 use of polar coordinates in a graph(frequency of wind directions)- léon lalanne ( 1811-1892 ) , france [ 148 ] . #la habra high school math history timeline :: jacob bernoulli invents polar coordinates , a method of describing the location of points in space using angles and distances . #sherlock holmes in babylon and other tales of mathematical history has a section :: newton as an originator of polar coordinates #jacob amsler http://www-history.mcs.st-and.ac.uk/~history/printonly/amsler.html ::[ amsler ] invented the polar planimeter , a device for measuring areas enclosed by plane curves . it was based on polar coordinates whereas earlier instruments were based on cartesian coordinates . in 1856 amsler published a paper Über das planimeter in which he gave details of his idea . as mahoney writes in [ 1 ] , amsler's planimeter : - ... adapted easily to the determination of static and inertial moments and to the coefficients of fourier series : it proved especially useful to shipbuilders and railway engineers . : so it seems there is considerable different accounts of their introduction , and quite a few notable applications .
0.009615975
what me know what im talking about just commitieng a bit of original research and shouting history anyway i did a bit of digging in google which turned up gregory st vincent grégoire de saintvincent with the greeks described a spiral using an angle and a radius vector but it was st vincent and cavalieri who simultaneously and independently introduced them as a separate coordinate system in an article the origin of polar coordinates j j coolidge refers to the priority dispute between cavalieri and st vincent over their discovery st vincent wrote about this new coordinate system in a letter to grienberger in 1625 and published the process in 1647 on the other hand cavalieris publication appeared in 1635 and the corrected version in 1653 and milestones in the history of thematic cartography development of the use of polar coordinates for the representation of functions newtons method of fluxions was written about 1671 but not published until 1736 jacob bernoulli published a derivation of the idea in 1691 238 p 324 attributes the development of polar coordinates to fontana with no date isaac newton 16431727 england and gregorio fontana 17351803 and jacob bernoulli 16541705 238 p 324 1671 is probably too early 17361755 would probably be more appropriate there are earlier references to hipparchus 190120bc regarding the use of polar coordinates in establishing stellar positions and abu arrayhan muhammad ibn ahmad albiruni 1021 regarding the use of three rectangular coordinates to establish a point in space 1843 use of polar coordinates in a graphfrequency of wind directions léon lalanne 18111892 france 148 la habra high school math history timeline jacob bernoulli invents polar coordinates a method of describing the location of points in space using angles and distances sherlock holmes in babylon and other tales of mathematical history has a section newton as an originator of polar coordinates jacob amsler httpwwwhistorymcsstandacukhistoryprintonlyamslerhtml amsler invented the polar planimeter a device for measuring areas enclosed by plane curves it was based on polar coordinates whereas earlier instruments were based on cartesian coordinates in 1856 amsler published a paper Über das planimeter in which he gave details of his idea as mahoney writes in 1 amslers planimeter adapted easily to the determination of static and inertial moments and to the coefficients of fourier series it proved especially useful to shipbuilders and railway engineers so it seems there is considerable different accounts of their introduction and quite a few notable applications 
0.0063665416
commiting

= = false information = = the article is full of false historical information , disputed names , unsourced parts , and never verified terms about the war in bosnia .
0.23282282
falsse information the article is full of fzalse historical information disputed names unsourced parts and never verified terms about the war in bosnia 
0.1135589
false

= = thank you all = = thank you all for the fond farewells , i appreciate them dearly . it is my birthday today and i have momentarily returned to the wikipedia as a birthday treat . i see the spring holiday article is fairly quiet and things are running smoothly between the editors i'm acquaintanced with . i've noticed your username change as well , ayarktos — good luck with that . i hope i may one day be able to permanently return to the wikipedia , and until then i bid you all adieu , and i will be enjoying my big 18th ! haha !. — ]
0.034241296
thank you all thank you all for the fond farewells i appreciate them dearly it is my birthday today and i have momentarily returned to the wikipedia as a birthday treat i see the spring holiday article is fairly quiet and things are running smoothly between the editors im acquaintanced with ive noticed your username change as well ayarktos — good luck with that i hope i may one day be able to permanently return to the wikipedia and until then i bid you all adieuq and i will be enjoying my big 18th haha — 
0.022173814
adieu

