= = irony = = mello and fire win nobel prize . lol ;)
0.36718813
irony mello and fiyre win nobel prize lol 
0.16608681
fire

: verifiability doesn't come from being an ardant fan of something . it's no use if you strongly believe in something - there has to be facts to back it all up . your trivia without reference is no more fact than mischevious comments about tom chaplin's big face ( often less so , as there is physical evidence for the dimension's of a person's face ... but let's not get into that ) . not only is what you write completely unfounded , but it is of no interest to any but the most insane keane fan - so keep it out of wikipedia .
0.31188446
verifiability doesnt come from being an ardant fan of something its no use if you strongly believe in something there has to be facts to back it all up your trivia without reference is no more fact than mischevious comments about tom chaplins big face often less so as there is physical evidence for the dimensions of a persons face but lets not get into that not only is what you write completely unfounded but it is of no interest to any but the most insuane keane fan so keep it out of wikipedia 
0.15131079
insane

= = i dont understand how did i vandelize anything ? = = i dont understand how i got the message i am vandelizing anything ? could you please explain it to me what you meant ? all i am doing is trying to find out some information on a lady and her late husnad they names are christiana and appiah kuffour ... as i am to be her beneficiary and i need to find out afew things . i apologize if i did anything or said anything wrong .. god bless you . laura
0.075223215
i dont understand how did i vandelize anything i dont understand how i got the message i am vandelizing anything could you please explain it to me what you meant all i am doing is trying to find out some information on a lady and her late husnad they names are christiana and appiah kuffour as i am to be her beneficiary and i need to find out afew things i apologize if i did anything or said anything wreong god bless you laura 
0.04423817
wrong

::: i pooped out around world war i , and left notes for tony . some uneven wiki-linking , i left a lot of inline comments in the text , and some of the sources might be personal websites , need a closer look .
0.047940396
i poopeda out around world war i and left notes for tony some uneven wikilinking i left a lot of inline comments in the text and some of the sources might be personal websites need a closer look 
0.012978026
pooped

= = intro etc = = i've tweaked the intro a bit , and the bit on amigaos . kickstart is probably the only remaining part of amigaos in bcpl , but the earliest versions of the command-line interface and the disk operating system ( prior to the kickstart 2.0 distribution ) were written in bcpl . there is more about this in the relevant article .
0.015518568
indtro etc ive tweaked the intkro a bit and the bit on amigaos kickstart is probably the only remaining part of amigaos in bcpl but the earliest versions of the commandline interface and the disk operating system prior to the kickstart 20 distribution were written in bcpl there is more about this in the relevant article 
0.01532385
intro

times of india and what do you read haaretz daily or some communist newpaper ! lol ! israel defeated with the support of whom ... us .. u make me laugh ! hezbollah has only some thousand men but lol they fought with israel for nearly a month with all the might of israel against a few thousand men [] , [] , [] , israel never achieved anything(destruction of hezbollah , freeing the two kidnapped idf soldiers ) nothing .. we can say that in terms of military and politically hezbollah won the war . thats why hitler and nazis contributed the holocoust ... millions died . i pray for those who died .
0.3880257
times of india and what do you read haaretz daily or some communist newpaper lol israel defeated with the support of whom us u make me laugh hezbollah has only some thousand men but lol they fought with israel for nearly a month with all the might of israel against a few thousand men israel never achieved anythingdestruction of hezbollah freeing the two kidnapped idf soldiers nothing we can say that in terms of military and politically hezbollah won the war thats why hitler and n azis contributed the holocoust millions died i pray for those who died 
0.25077176
nazis

::: ' it does read as if christian = bigot ' . really ? re-read all my arguments , it is about faith-based actions and not the faith itself , and certainly not the entire community .
0.17164081
it does read as if christian bigotm really reread all my arguments it is about faithbased actions and not the faith itself and certainly not the entire community 
0.04055143
bigot

. : according to tv ( history channel ? nova ? ) the stove impacts us little today , and is not important . the stove is difficult to make work correctly . the complicated flue will back smoke into the room if not operated just right . as a result , the design was never popular , even in franklin's time , and quickly fell into disuse . i dunno if there's a connection between the franklin stove and box-shaped fire boxes used today . i don't recall any mention of the fact on the tv special .
0.020216493
according to tv history channel nova the stove impacts us little today and is not important the stove is difficult to make work correctly the complicated flue will back sjmoke into the room if not operated just right as a result the design was never popular even in franklins time and quickly fell into disuse i dunno if theres a connection between the franklin stove and boxshaped fire boxes used today i dont recall any mention of the fact on the tv special 
0.016550157
smoke

: go for it . i see no problem with your edit history , and the mop makes routine things easier . so , if you're ready for the rfa scrutiny - jump in !
0.061581586
go for it i see no problem with your edit history and the mop makes routine things easier so if youre ready for the rfa scrutiny ju mp in 
0.044383284
jump

= = raëlian church = = you have been blocked from editing for a period of 24 hours for vandalizing wikipedia . if you wish to make useful contributions , you are welcome to come back after the block expires .
0.12042153
raëlian church you have been blocked from editing for a period of 24 hours for vanrdalizing wikipedia if you wish to make useful contributions you are welcome to come back after the block expires 
0.090077825
vandalizing

i could care less about american hefeweizen . make a seperate article , this is about hefe in general . i'd like to add granville island breweries to the list , but lo and behold , it's a list of american brands , and gib is canadian . go figure . jackmont , oct 5 , 06
0.027440183
i could caare less about american hefeweizen make a seperate article this is about hefe in general id like to add granville island breweries to the list but lo and behold its a list of american brands and gib is canadian go figure jackmont oct 5 06 
0.019902216
care

