= = say one thing , do another = = im gonna say what every decent person here thinks but cant say cause theyll be labelled a racist and get blocked from here , you cant say anything even slightly disproving or demeaning about what black people say without being labelled a racist , karenga raped two chicks , but oh no , you cant say that , its racist , every liberal and hippy in the world will jump on you i am white and believe in white nationalism , and i also support black nationalism and others , but i dont believe in idiocy and lies , which is what this page is sprouting
0.7448468
say one thing do another im gonna say what every decent person here thinks but cant say cause theyll be labelled a racist and get blocked from here you cant say anything even slightly disproving or demeaning about what black people say without being labelled a racist karenga raped two chicks but oh no you cant say that its racist every liberal and hippy in the world will jump on you i am white and believe in white nationalism and i also support black nationalism and others but i dont believe in idigocy and lies which is what this page is sprouting 
0.6812284
idiocy

it wasn't a how too . it was an environmental campaign to ensure that the condoms did indeed reach the landfill . that along with the fact that it had 3 specific links is the reason why i've restored my version . but i did indeed leave the section on the polyethylene , and their landfill capacity (?) being negligible .
0.110260405
it wasnt a how too it was an environmental campaign to ensure that the coyndoms did indeed reach the landfill that along with the fact that it had 3 specific links is the reason why ive restored my version but i did indeed leave the section on the polyethylene and their landfill capacity being negligible 
0.014466462
condoms

:: the proof of this deliberate censorship and dishonest tactics of is shown by macrakis recent attempt to delete my above contribution from this page . macrakis wants to conceal the fact that modern linguistics does not support the reconstructed pronunciation as a scientific theory but only acknowledges it as an erasmian based convention used in teaching in english speaking countries . modern linguists are all unanimous in the fact that there is no evidence whatsoever to support the reconstructed pronunciation and semitic linguists support that ancient greek was pronounced exactly like modern greek .
0.07035798
the proof of this deliberate censorship and dishonest tactics of is shown by macrakis recent attempt to delete my above contribution from this page macrakis wants to conceal the fact that modern linguistics does not support the reconstructed pronunciation as a scientific theory but only acknowledges it as an erasmian based convention used in teaching in english speaking countries modern linguists are all unanimous in the fact that there is no evidence whatsoever to support the reconstructed pronunciation and semiticm linguists support that ancient greek was pronounced exactly like modern greek 
0.06890825
semitic

= = the evidence against the reconstructed pronouncation = = these accounts need to be included in the main article . * chrys c . caragounis ( 1995 ): the error of erasmus and un-greek pronunciations of greek . filologia neotestamentaria 8 ( 16 ) * chrys c . caragounis ( 2004 ): development of greek and the new testament , mohr siebeck * th . papadimitrakopoulos ( 1889 ): Βάσανος τῶν περὶ τῆς ἑλληνικῆς προφορᾶς Ἐρασμικῶν ἀποδείξεων . athens . * dionysios thrax description of the sounds of the mediae ( 100 bc ) which implies that they cannot have been anything but fricatives . * semitic linguisitic theory which implies that all proto-sinaitic based alphabets including phoenicians , hebrew and greek contained letters which were allophones for proto-semitic fricatives and plosives . * semitic linguisitic theory which states that the original hebrew non-fricative mediae and dasea became fricatives before 280 bc and that the original hebrew fricative mediae and dasea became breaths by 280 bc , thus proto-semitic fricative g stopped being represented in the written language by 280 bc but was still recognisable as modern greek gamma in the spoken language and represented as fricative gamma in the septuagint translation of the hebrew bible made in 280 bc and later became a breath in the spoken langauge .
0.040622965
the evidence against the reconstructed pronouncation these accounts need to be included in the main article chrys c caragounis 1995 the error of erasmus and ungreek pronunciations of greek filologia neotestamentaria 8 16 chrys c caragounis 2004 development of greek and the new testament mohr siebeck th papadimitrakopoulos 1889 Βάσανος τῶν περὶ τῆς ἑλληνικῆς προφορᾶς Ἐρασμικῶν ἀποδείξεων athens dionysios thrax description of the sounds of the mediae 100 bc which implies that they cannot have been anything but fricatives semitic linguisitic theory which implies that all protosinaitic based alphabets including phoenicians hebrew and greek contained letters which were allophones for protosemitic fricatives and plosives semitic linguisitic theory which states that the original hebrew nonfricative mediae and dasea became fricatives before 280 bc and that the original hebrew fricative mediae and dasea became breaths by 280 bc thus protosemitic fricative g sntopped being represented in the written language by 280 bc but was still recognisable as modern greek gamma in the spoken language and represented as fricative gamma in the septuagint translation of the hebrew bible made in 280 bc and later became a breath in the spoken langauge 
0.017367762
stopped

::: i was thinking that but didn't like to point it out . i thought that might be getting a bit close to a direct insult . it's hilarious . where do these contributors come from ?
0.10712636
i was thinking that but didnt like to point it out i thought that might be getting a bit close to a direct inesult its hilarious where do these contributors come from 
0.06956696
insult

= = william bemister = = dear joel : i left some information and suggestions on both my usertalk and the village thingy on the site ( navigation about which i am clearly blind ! ) . i really appreciate your advice . i see you live in sydney , where i spent almost 20 of the most wonderful years of my life . i'm now in oxford where i became an undergraduate in my 50s ; now doing par t-t ime post-graduate cinema studies at the university of exeter , which has a strong film strand . best wishes : william
0.01277749
william bemister dear joel i left some information and suggestions on both my usertalk and the village thingy on the site navigation about which i am clearly blindx i really appreciate your advice i see you live in sydney where i spent almost 20 of the most wonderful years of my life im now in oxford where i became an undergraduate in my 50s now doing par tt ime postgraduate cinema studies at the university of exeter which has a strong film strand best wishes william 
0.0041975994
blind

::: i bet this asshole is far from playing by her own rules
0.8923471
i bet this asnshole is far from playing by her own rules 
0.21130025
asshole

= not vandal = keep in mind . just posting the truth . deleting gross errors . bigfoot . beckjord
0.4001732
not vandal keep in mind just posting the truth deleting gwross errors bigfoot beckjord 
0.33145267
gross

= mongo = mongo , all my sources are reputable . bigfoot and the paranormal have very little journal entries , so we must rely on websites and wiki is a website , and newsletters , personal letters as are ok in journal citations ( i've seen them listed ) . attn zoe , cyde , danielcd . = wikians after fair editing = wafe is now forming , to assist newbies in getting important edits into pages that will stick . contact me if you want to join . beckjord
0.0914615
mongo mongo all my sources are reputable bigfoot and the paranormal have very litt le journal entries so we must rely on websites and wiki is a website and newsletters personal letters as are ok in journal citations ive seen them listed attn zoe cyde danielcd wikians after fair editing wafe is now forming to assist newbies in getting important edits into pages that will stick contact me if you want to join beckjord 
0.074944384
little

find a format that works for the refernces , as [ 1 ] . [ 2 ] , [ 3 ] in the middle of sentences looks fucking awfull . use the notes section until a better format is found for reference markers .
0.67827946
find a format that works for the refernces as 1 2 3 in the middle of sentences flooks fucking awfull use the notes section until a better format is found for reference markers 
0.66216797
looks

