= response from pakhtun tanoli = i have provided several references for the pakhtun origin of tanolis . you have to see the several works of tanoli and non-tanoli historians in the text and the references list at the end of the article . as a social analyst trained in the historical and anthropological analysis and over thirty years of research in this area , along with being a university based academic i feel i have an objective role in this debate . secondly , i am a son of malik of one of the septs of tanolis which has direct role in this debate i.e. the i have access to family and regional sources to bring to the issues directly related to the topic . you username of raja tells me that you are neither of pakhtun , tanoli or hazara/nwpf origin . moreover , the sources you quote have been consulted by me and there is no mention of janjuas in those pages of the texts you quote . finally , your patronising language is abusive to say the least . incidently i am in the process of publishing my findings which challenge the afghanisation theory you are so fond of mentioning - the text is in the process of being refereed by relevant authorities .
0.104403265
response from pakhtun tanoli i have provided several references for the pakhtun origin of tanolis you have to see the several works of tanoli and nontanoli historians in the text and the references list at the end of the article as a social analyst trained in the historical and anthropological analysis and over thirty years of research in this area along with being a university based academic i feel i have an objective role in this debate secondly i am a son of malik of one of the septs of tanolis which has direct role in this debate ie the i have access to family and regional sources to bring to the issues directly related to the topic you username of raja tells me that you are neither of pakhtun tanoli or hazaranwpf origin moreover the sources you quote have been consulted by me and there is no mention of janjuas in those pages of the texts you quote finally your patropnising language is abusive to say the least incidently i am in the process of publishing my findings which challenge the afghanisation theory you are so fond of mentioning the text is in the process of being refereed by relevant authorities 
0.065881796
patronising

please do not make personal attacks on other people . wikipedia has a strict policy against personal attacks . attack pages are not tolerated by wikipedia and are speedily deleted . users who continue to create such pages will be blocked from editing by administrators or banned by the arbitration committee . thank you .
0.058953952
please do not make personal attaks on other people wikipedia has a strict policy against personal akttacks attack pages are not tolerated by wikipedia and are speedily deleted users who continue to create such pages will be blocked from editing by administrators or banned by the arbitration committee thank you 
0.042139396
attacks

= = re : your edits on windows 98 = = hi ! i've reverted your edits on windows 98 , because your wording was not very encyclopedic , a few words were missing , but most importantly i suspect your edit was motivated by a misunderstanding . you mentioned in your edit comment that you thought first-party was wrong . first-party support for a product means support from the manufacturer ( as opposed to support from a third-party , a company that is not the manufacturer , but provides support ) . if still think you have something important to add , please do so , but with a bit more encyclopedic sound to it ! thank you for your contribution ,
0.014389747
re your edits on windows 98 hi ive reverted your edits on windows 98 because your wording was not very encyclopedic a few words were missing but most importantly i suspect your edit was motivated by a misunderstanding you mentioned in your edit comment that you thought firstparty was wzrong firstparty support for a product means support from the manufacturer as opposed to support from a thirdparty a company that is not the manufacturer but provides support if still think you have something important to add please do so but with a bit more encyclopedic sound to it thank you for your contribution 
0.014387426
wrong

= = plagiarism by www.lakersplayers.org== since i have received no response from the www.lakersplayers.org web site administrator and they have made no attempts to attribute their source , i am noting here that the site http://www.lakersplayers.org/gail-goodrich.php has plagiarized this particular wikipedia article .
0.064689584
hplagiarism by wwwlakersplayersorg since i have received no response from the wwwlakersplayersorg web site administrator and they have made no attempts to attribute their source i am noting here that the site httpwwwlakersplayersorggailgoodrichphp has plagiarized this particular wikipedia article 
0.046605032
plagiarism

if a democratically elected leader of a country is removed by force and taken into custody , how can this ' objectively ' be described as anything other than the overthrowing of democracy through kidnapping ? please demonstrate a more neutral description which does not hide the important facts .
0.0642637
if a democratically elected leader of a country is removed by force and taken into custody how can this objectively be described as anything other than the overthrowing of democracy through kidnapping pelease demonstrate a more neutral description which does not hide the important facts 
0.051273324
please

the only specific accusation is that sa members didn't allow the israeli ambassador to speak - a time honoured form of protest which has nothing antisemitic about it .
0.18716374
the only specific accusation ins that sa members didnt allow the israeli ambassador to speak a time honoured form of protest which has nothing antisemitic about it 
0.18291466
is

please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me . kind regards - | |
0.05531327
please stop if you continue to vandqalize pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me kind regards 
0.050285384
vandalize

= = aztec society = = gidday richard , i note that you've swapped some text about between aztec society and daily life in the aztec empire articles . i think it's fine to rationalise the arrangement on these topics , however i have some reservations about the latter of these two articles . it was one of a brace of aztec and maya articles ( see for eg mayan trade , mayan food ) all created around the same time in september by about 4 or 5 firs t-t ime editors , and they all have the hallmark of coming from some more extensive essay on the subject area . i'm not saying that there's copyvio involved here , my guess would be that it's almost like some joint class assignment has been broken up into separate articles . they are based on reasonable material , but they contain a number of evident misinterpretations and have more of a school essay feel to them . they need considerable work and rearranging , and in some instances i really wonder whether it is worth the effort as they cut across topics already covered in the main aztec/maya articles . just so as you know and something to bear in mind if distributing their contents across other articles . the images which came with the daily life article are also i believe mis-tagged as the contributor's own work , when clearly they seem to be taken from elsewhere . anyways , keep up the good work , and cheers |
0.015447772
aztec society gidday richard i note that youve swapped some text about between aztec society and daily ldife in the aztec empire articles i think its fine to rationalise the arrangement on these topics however i have some reservations about the latter of these two articles it was one of a brace of aztec and maya articles see for eg mayan trade mayan food all created around the same time in september by about 4 or 5 firs tt ime editors and they all have the hallmark of coming from some more extensive essay on the subject area im not saying that theres copyvio involved here my guess would be that its almost like some joint class assignment has been broken up into separate articles they are based on reasonable material but they contain a number of evident misinterpretations and have more of a school essay feel to them they need considerable work and rearranging and in some instances i really wonder whether it is worth the effort as they cut across topics already covered in the main aztecmaya articles just so as you know and something to bear in mind if distributing their contents across other articles the images which came with the daily lidfe article are also i believe mistagged as the contributors own work when clearly they seem to be taken from elsewhere anyways keep up the good work and cheers 
0.011644282
life

but it shows the type of crowds the games draw , rowdy high schoolers , which 3 to 4 years were not present .
0.017042449
but it shows the type of crowds the games draw browdy high schoolers which 3 to 4 years were not present 
0.015977958
rowdy

your second image is bullshit too , looks like ordinary muddy water . mixed with blood my ass .
0.9064341
your second image is bulldshit too looks like ordinary muddy water mixed with blood my ass 
0.82481056
bullshit

{| style = border-spacing : 8px ; margin : 0px -8px width = 100% |class = mainpagebg style = width : 55% ; border : 1px solid #084080 ; background-color : #f5fffa ; vertical-align : top ; color : #000000 ; font-size : 85% | {| width = 100% cellpadding = 2 cellspacing = 5 style = vertical-align : top ; background-color : #f5fffa ! hello onur kırcaoğlu ! welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for . if you decide that you need help , check out getting help below , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . please remember to sign your name on talk pages by clicking or using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . finally , please do your best to always fill in the edit summary field . below are some useful links to facilitate your involvement . happy editing ! |} {| style = border-spacing : 8px ; margin : 0px -8px width = 100% |class = mainpagebg style = width : 55% ; border : 1px solid #ffffff ; background-color : #f5fffa ; vertical-align : top | {| width = 100% cellpadding = 2 cellspacing = 5 style = vertical-align : top ; background-color : #f5fffa ! getting started |- |style = color : #000 | * wikipedia tutorial • the five pillars of wikipedia * how to : edit a page • upload an image |- ! getting help |- | style = color : #000 | * frequently asked questions * where to ask questions or make comments * request administrator attention |- ! policies and guidelines |- | style = color : #000 | * neutral point of view • reliable sources * verifiability • citing sources • no original research * what wikipedia is not • biographies of living persons * manual of style • three-revert rule • sock puppetry * copyrights • fair use • image use policy * external links • spam • vandalism * deletion policy • conflict of interest • notability |- |} |class = mainpagebg style = width : 55% ; border : 1px solid #ffffff ; background-color : #f5fffa ; vertical-align : top | {| width = 100% cellpadding = 2 cellspacing = 5 style = vertical-align : top ; background-color : #f5fffa ! the community |- |style = color : #000 | * build consensus • resolving disputes * assume good faith • civility • etiquette * no personal attacks • no legal threats
0.06743919
style borderspacing 8px margin 0px 8px width 100 class mainpagebg style width 55 border 1px solid 084080 backgroundcolor f5fffa verticalalign top color 000000 fontsize 85 width 100 cellpadding 2 cellspacing 5 style verticalalign top backgroundcolor f5fffa hello onur kırcaoğlu welcome to wikipedia thank you for if you decide that you need help check out getting help below ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions please remember to sign your name on talk pages by clicking or using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date finally please do your best to always fill in the edit summary field below are some useful links to facilitate your involvement happy editing style borderspacing 8px margin 0px 8px width 100 class mainpagebg style width 55 border 1px solid ffffff backgroundcolor f5fffa verticalalign top width 100 cellpadding 2 cellspacing 5 style verticalalign top backgroundcolor f5fffa getting started style color 000 wikipedia tutorial • the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page • upload an image getting help style color 000 frequently asked questions where to ask questions or make comments request administrator attention policies and guidelines style color 000 neutral point of view • reliable sources verifiability • citing sources • no original research what wikipedia is not • biographies of living persons manual of style • threerevert rule • souck puppetry copyrights • fair use • image use policy external links • spam • vandalism deletion policy • conflict of interest • notability class mainpagebg style width 55 border 1px solid ffffff backgroundcolor f5fffa verticalalign top width 100 cellpadding 2 cellspacing 5 style verticalalign top backgroundcolor f5fffa the community style color 000 build consensus • resolving disputes assume good faith • civility • etiquette no personal attacks • no legal threats 
0.017084662
sock

your proposal above is essentially no different from the survey we just had . what makes you think there is sufficient support for it ? let's see if we can at least make some progress in selecting a new title for this article below .
0.013499451
your proposal above si essentially no different from the survey we just had what makes you think there ois sufficient support for it lets see if we can at least make some progress in selecting a new title for this article below 
0.0129603185
is

= = beit hanoun november 2006 incident = = hi slimvirgin , i know youre busy but youre always making sense on the other articles so im asking what you think on this one beit hanoun november 2006 incident . heres another edit by . he has a certain philosophy i think .
0.06917776
beit hanoun november 2006 incident hi slimvirgin i know youre busy but youre always making scense on the other articles so im asking what you think on this one beit hanoun november 2006 incident heres another edit by he has a certain philosophy i think 
0.056036133
sense

