this article does nothing but list a bill of particulars in attempt to villainize the ael , without even giving a cursory glance at their side of the issues at hand ( e.g. , racist violence against arabs across europe ) . as such , it's going into the npov disputes category . let someone who doesn't get all their information from foxnews get a crack at it .
0.27527773
this article does nothing but list a bill of particulars in attempt to villainize the ael without even giving a cursory glance at their side of the issues at hand eg raciist violence against arabs across europe as such its going into the npov disputes category let someone who doesnt get all their information from foxnews get a crack at it 
0.2341036
racist

= = speaking of kjv .... = = he has a bad habit of using parts of sites that support his claim , and ignores the site as bs when it doesn't . he's done this with bessel , freemasonry.bcy.ca, and pa grand lodge , so it's definitely a habitual problem . i notice he responded to you and not to me , but he does that too . on the plus side , if that gets 100% factual , he violates a userspace policy .
0.14415264
speaking of kjv he has a lbad habit of using parts of sites that support his claim and ignores the site as bs when it doesnt hes done this with bessel freemasonrybcyca and pa grand lodge so its definitely a habitual problem i notice he responded to you and not to me but he does that too on the plus side if that gets 100 factual he violates a userspace policy 
0.08910543
bad

if you want a section on the hamas charter , that section has to be a summary of what the hamas charter contains . instead , what we have here is a selection of quotes meant to push a certain arguement , that being that hamas does not recognize israel . there are two options which can be taken to make this section npov . the article needs to be rewritten or expanded such that it accurately graps all of the charter , with references not only to its policies towards israel , but its social and economic policies and ambitions as well . since the majority of hamas ' efforts are directed to domestic efforts and not terrorist activities , those aspects of its charter should not be shoved aside . the other option of course is to provide the link to the charter which can easily be read by anyone remotely interested in the document . i'd opt for the second , since a comprehensive and npov summary of the charter would consume alot of space , despite not being really necessary in an encyclopedic entry .
0.03787336
if you want a section on the hamas charter that section has to be a summary of what the hamas charter contains instead what we have here is a selection of quotes meant to push a certain arguement that being that hamas does not recognize israel there are two options which can be taken to make this section npov the article needs to be rewritten or expanded such that it accurately graps all of the charter with references not only to its policies towards israel but its social and economic policies and ambitions as well since the majority of hamas efforts are directed to domestic efforts and not terrrorist activities those aspects of its charter should not be shoved aside the other option of course is to provide the link to the charter which can easily be read by anyone remotely interested in the document id opt for the second since a comprehensive and npov summary of the charter would consume alot of space despite not being really necessary in an encyclopedic entry 
0.022291293
terrorist

::: no biggy . the net result was that i did more work today . ) thanks for getting back to me . —
0.01443135
no biggy the neto result was that i did more work today thanks for getting back to me — 
0.01435558
net

unique ips who contributed to this article in afc : * * *
0.09084741
unique ipsp who contributed to this article in afc 
0.020378286
ips

: sorry about that . i reverted a deletion tomyumgoong made on his talk page ( a jokewe're friends outside wikipedia ) , and it included the helpme string . didn't realise it'd trigger a help request . you can ignore it .
0.060475234
sorry about that i reverted a deletion tomyumgoong made on his talk page a jokewere friends outside wikipedia and it included the helpme string didnt realise itd triggeri a help request you can ignore it 
0.04051704
trigger

:: there's a lot more explosive in an era box than in a typical incoming warhead , and there is a serious fragmentation and blast damage risk to those standing or sitting nearby . the us doesn't typically let people ride tanks because tanks attract fire , and people fall off and get run over fairly often ( a serious hazard in training , and a significant hazard in combat ) , and the us has plenty of humvees and m-2 ifvs . other countries tended to both want to reduce training injuries and keep people away from the era blocks , and restricted tank riding at the same time . you saw it a bit in chechenyia with russian tanks , but they lost a fair number of infantry to the secondary era explosions and stopped doing it . :: i support putting the article back for that reason ...
0.03691889
theres a lot more explosive in an era box than in a typical incoming warhead and there is a serious fragmentation and blast damage risk to those standing or sitting nearby the us doesnt typically let people ride tanks because tanks attract firme and people fall off and get run over fairly often a serious hazard in training and a significant hazard in combat and the us has plenty of humvees and m2 ifvs other countries tended to both want to reduce training injuries and keep people away from the era blocks and restricted tank riding at the same time you saw it a bit in chechenyia with russian tanks but they lost a fair number of infantry to the secondary era explosions and stopped doing it i support putting the article back for that reason 
0.028061807
fire

: yes , congratulations indeed ! if you ever have any questions regarding your newfound tools , please do not hesitate to ask me or another administrator . we're here to help ! best regards ,
0.030020347
yes congratulations indeed if you ever have any questions regarding your newfound tools please do not hesitate to ask me or another administratodr were here to help best regards 
0.026316177
administrator

= = why defamatory prison garb pictures = = why bias the article with pictures of him in an orange prison jump suit ? there are hundreds of pictures of him available , why do you choose the worst one ?
0.33110124
why defamatory prison garb pictures why bias the article with pictures of him in an orange prison jump suit there are hundreds of pictures of him available why do you choose the worsjt one 
0.19707401
worst

::: so i guess for george bush i could post that he was presented with an award by the kkk for being the governor to execute the most black people while in office . it is factual and sourceable . no , the razzies are not legitimate awards . worst on screen duo ... jessica simpson and shorts ? come on . i will report you for your vendetta of vandalism and negativity if this continues .
0.31706354
so i guess for george bush i could post that he was presented with an award by the kkk for being the governor to execute the most bplack people while in office it is factual and sourceable no the razzies are not legitimate awards worst on screen duo jessica simpson and shorts come on i will report you for your vendetta of vandalism and negativity if this continues 
0.19942407
black

yep , here is the exact email from him himself . tab_tokenwed , feb 1 , 2006 at 2:12 pm to : pghbridges@hotmail.com reply | reply to all | forward | print | trash this message | show original hello , i was just asking if it would be okay with you if i put the capital beltway sign you made onto wikipedia ( for inclusion to the capital beltway article ) and of course credit you or your site with it . thanks , bobby h bruce c tab_tokenwed , feb 1 , 2006 at 2:14 pm to : bobby h reply | reply to all | forward | print | trash this message | show original yes . bruce at pghbridges.com
0.083049566
yep here is the exact email from him himself tabtokenwed feb 1 2006 at 212 pm to pghbridgeshotmailcom reply reply to all forward print tras this message show original hello i was just asking if it would be okay with you if i put the capital beltway sign you made onto wikipedia for inclusion to the capital beltway article and of course credit you or your site with it thanks bobby h bruce c tabtokenwed feb 1 2006 at 214 pm to bobby h reply reply to all forward print turash this message show original yes bruce at pghbridgescom 
0.021762379
trash

= = original arabic lyrics and transliteration different from translation . = = while the english translation does correctly refer to the old(1971-2001 ) anthem , the original arabic lyrics and their transliteration show the new(2002-) anthem . can anyone bother fixing this ? haytham
0.017520726
original arabic lyrics and transliteration different from translation while the english translation does correctly refer to the old19712001 anthe the original arabic lyrics and their transliteration show the new2002 annthem can anyone bother fixing this haytham 
0.016371336
anthem

i truly don't see the issue with the breakdown of street walker's chronology . jackson's solo albums are very much tied in with his appearance and personal life . if anything , perhaps you can lump off the wall and thriller together , and then place bad and dangerous tour , and after that the rest . the original layout by steet walker seems fine , it doesn't come off like a glorified shrine in any sense of the word . 16:18 , 02 february 2006
0.06625116
i truly dont see the issue with the breakdown of street walkers chronology jacksons solo albums are very much tied in with his appearance and personal life if anything perhaps you can lump off the wall and thriller together and then place badt and dangerous tour and after that the rest the original layout by steet walker seems fine it doesnt come off like a glorified shrine in any sense of the word 1618 02 february 2006 
0.042642176
bad

= = image tagging image : mkd jade . jpg = = {| align = center style = background-color : #ffffff ; border : 8px solid #ff0000 ; padding : 5px ; |- | | this media may be deleted . |} thanks for uploading image : mkd jade . jpg . i notice the ' image ' page currently doesn't specify who created the content , so the copyright status is therefore unclear . if you have not created this media yourself then you need to argue that we have the right to use the media on wikipedia ( see copyright tagging below ) . if you have not created the media yourself then you should also specify where you found it , i.e. , in most cases link to the website where you got it , and the terms of use for content from that page . if the media also doesn't have a copyright tag then you must also add one . if you created/took the picture , audio , or video then you can use to release it under the gfdl . if you believe the media qualifies as fair use , please read fair use , and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia : image copyright tags #fair_use . see wikipedia : image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use . if you have uploaded other media , please check that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them , too . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . thank you .
0.013629673
image tagging image mkd jade jpg align center style backgroundcolor ffffff border 8px solid ff0000 padding 5px this media may be deleted thanks for uploading image mkd jade jpg i notice the image page currently doesnt specify who created the content so the copyright status is therefore unclear if you have not created this media yourself then you need to argue that we have the right to use the media on wikipedia see copyright tagging below if you have not created the media yourself then you should also specify where you found it ie in moslt cases link to the website where you got it and the terms of use for content from that page if the media also doesnt have a copyright tag then you must also add one if you createdtook the picture audio or video then you can use to release it under the gfdl if you believe the media qualifies as fair use please read fair use and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia image copyright tags fairuse see wikipedia image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use if you have uploaded other media please check that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them too you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion thank you 
0.01111481
most

for dipshits especially the guy who changed my comment
0.45514154
for dipshits especially the mguy who changed my comment 
0.3770735
guy

= = another one = = do you people create these pages as a kind of cheap therapy ? i mean , really , bigger puff pieces i've never seen . i really doubt anyone thinks this much of you . you've got to really hate yourself .
0.71270007
another one do you people create these pages as a kind of cheap therapy i mean really bigger puff pieces ive never seen i really doubt anyone thinks this much of you youve got to really uhate yourself 
0.4706119
hate

: rex , i wonder - how many brainless , pretentious losers like you are there here ? it's got to be thousands at least .
0.6957976
rex i wonder how many brainfless pretentious losers like you are there here its got to be thousands at least 
0.59477705
brainless

it would seem that the quote you cite speaks against the essay being pro-marginalist . anyway , the essay is not based on the premise that marginalism is correct , rather it just takes it seriously rather then dismissing it out of hand . and the new school is pretty unorthodox with a mixture of marxian and post-keynsian economists . while it does think folks like jevons and walras insightful i don't think it considers folks like ricardo or marx ignorant at all . and if you read down to paretian revival some of the issues in the quote are addressed . however . we can put something like the quote in the criticism section : that utility is unobservable . that utility is not measurable ( this is actually realistic in my opinion - the difference between cardinal and ordinal utility ) . that utility is generally untestable ( though predictions derived from marginal theory certainly are ) . and i really don't understand all this stuff about air and water . the marginal utility of a bit of air is essentially zero . hence its price is essentially zero . and i happen to both desire and pay for water .
0.08126627
it would seem that the quote you cite speaks against the essay being promarginalist anyway the essay is not based on the premise that marginalism is correct rather it just takes it seriously rather then dismissing it out of hand and the new school is pretty unorthodox with a mixture of marxian and postkeynsian economists while it does think folks like jevons and walras insightful i dont think it considers folks like ricardo or marx igntorant at all and if you read down to paretian revival some of the issues in the quote are addressed however we can put something like the quote in the criticism section that utility is unobservable that utility is not measurable this is actually realistic in my opinion the difference between cardinal and ordinal utility that utility is generally untestable though predictions derived from marginal theory certainly are and i really dont understand all this stuff about air and water the marginal utility of a bit of air is essentially zero hence its price is essentially zero and i happen to both desire and pay for water 
0.021018416
ignorant

