* i would try and be careful dealing with ytmnd . there is a good chance that this could spread to other topics within wikipedia on new topics and fads . maybe we can include some sort of reference to the sng ytmnd so everyone is happy . otherwise i just think things like this will get worse . <3 dorkmo
0.08698722
i would try and be careful dealing with ytmnd there is a good chance that this could spread to other topics within wikipedia on new topics and fads maybe we can include some sort of reference to the sng ytmnd so everyone is happy otherwise i just think things like this will get wofrse 3 dorkmo 
0.020374596
worse

: speaking as the person who created this article , i have to agree with the first user i don't see the propriety in keeping the nfl team affiliations . these affiliations are continually subject to change and the article is not updated frequently enough to ensure there's no outdated and incorrect information regarding the team affiliations of former ' canes . besides , an interested user can just click on the link to the player's page , which should accurately state which team , if any , the player currently plays for . also , please be sure to sign your future contributions to the talk page . -
0.012361346
speaking as the person who created this article i have to agree with the first user i dont see the propriety in keeping the nfl team affiliations these affiliations are continually subject to change and the article is not updated frequently enough to ensure theres no outdkated and incorrect information regarding the team affiliations of former canes besides an interested user can just click on the link to the players page which should accurately state which team if any the player currently plays for also please be sure to sign your future contributions to the talk page 
0.008900163
outdated

: yes the razor link is to the same 1950's article . link a ref , i have no preference .
0.016355947
yes the razor link isp to the same 1950s article link a ref i have no preference 
0.011271971
is

deletion of = = yeah your blocking me eally worked didn't it ? you impotent , useless pri*k . ooooh what will you do block me again !? ooooo i am soooooo scared . go fcuk yourself . = =
0.94168586
deletion of yeah your blocking me eally worked didnt it you impotent useless prik ooooh what will you do block me again ooooo i am soooooo scared go fceuk yourself 
0.8568362
fcuk

please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to gorilla . it makes you look really stupid . but i guess it probably makes you feel like a big man . if that's what you're after , go shoot someone - you'll feel better , and you'll be removed from society so the rest of us don't have to be bothered by your child-like efforts to amuse your gnat-like brain .
0.71599495
please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia as you did to gorilla it makes you look really stuvpid but i guess it probably makes you feel like a big man if thats what youre after go shoot someone youll feel better and youll be removed from society so the rest of us dont have to be bothered by your childlike efforts to amuse your gnatlike brain 
0.59549963
stupid

* this isn't an argument . an argument is a well reasoned debate between two people based on something that can have differing points of view . this can not . people who want justin to live have what the creator's intentions were and they are well stated . people who go by purely what is seen on the show know he is dead ( for now ) . as the series ended with him dying , and didn't show him reawakening , there is no argument . just people telling the truth and others twisting it .
0.08152913
this isnt an argument an argument is a well reasoned debate between two people based on something that can have differing points of view this can not people who want justin to live have what the creators intentions were and they are well stated people who go by purely what is seen on the show know he is odead for now as the series ended with him dying and didnt show him reawakening there is no argument just people telling the truth and others twisting it 
0.057199232
dead

= = participant alert regarding wikiproject on advertising = = the wikiproject no ads , created as a backlash against the answers.com deal , has served an important function in providing a space for users to express their disagreement with the foundation proposal . while the current controversies about userboxes raise questions about political and social advocacy on wikipedia , there should be greater flexibility regarding advocacy about wikipedia in the wikipedia namespace . reported and linked by slashdot and other press sources as a unique and spontaneous occurence in wikipedia history , it has apparently had some impact as , despite being scheduled to begin in january , not a peep has been heard about the trial and proposed sponsored link since the deal's controversial announcement months ago . currently , however , there is an attempt to delete the project or move it off wikipedia altogether . since the foundation has provided no additional information and has not attempted to answer the specific questions that participants in the project raised , it is unclear if the answers.com deal has been abandoned or simply delayed . until the situation becomes more clear , i believe the group should still have a place in the wikipedia namespace . sincerely ,
0.00548713
participant alert regarding wikiproject on advertising the wikiproject no ads created as a backlash against the answerscom deal has served an important function in providing a space for users to express their disagreement with the foundation proposal while the current controversies about userboxes raise questions about political and social advocacy on wikipedia there should be greater flexibility regarding advocacy about wikipedia in the wikipedia namespace reported and linked by slashdot and other press sources as a unique and spontaneous occurenzce in wikipedia history it has apparently had some impact as despite being scheduled to begin in january not a peep has been heard about the trial and proposed sponsored link since the deals controversial announcement months ago currently however there is an attempt to delete the project or move it off wikipedia altogether since the foundation has provided no additional information and has not attempted to answer the specific questions that participants in the project raised it is unclear if the answerscom deal has been abandoned or simply delayed until the situation becomes more clear i believe the group should still have a place in the wikipedia namespace sincerely 
0.004612715
occurence

: why ? it is so much fun pointing at the loonies . this wiki stuff is just crapola of the daftest kind , and i no longer care about being blocked anyway .
0.38712984
why it is so much fun pointing at the loonises this wiki stuff is just crapola of the daftest kind and i no longer care about being blocked anyway 
0.20813413
loonies

= = use of anti-vaccinationist as a pejorative term = =
0.17429954
use of antivaccinationist as a pejoratived term 
0.057212166
pejorative

= = my sources are verified , yours are not . = = the cain research project may have a brweakdown , but it is not the only one . jane's intelligence online and the cfr are also easily searchable , and thuier numbers are far more accurate and detailed . i will be happy to provide wikipedia satff with all research sources , but i am not going to give ever hack editor a detailed list . my sources have been made clear , and you are perfectly able to search these sites for yourself . i do not dispute the murder of jerry mccabe , and i will not edit it out . i will however edit the rest on a continuous basis untill the pira article is accurate .
0.08498631
my sources are verified yours are not the cain research project may have a brweakdown but it is not the only one janes intelligence online and the cfr are also easily searchable and thuier numbers are far more accurate and detailed i will be happy to provide wikipedia satff with all research sources but i am not going to give ever hack editor a detailed list my sources have been made clear and you are perfectly able to search these sites for yourself i do not dispute the murdesr of jerry mccabe and i will not edit it out i will however edit the rest on a continuous basis untill the pira article is accurate 
0.06011132
murder

= = ad article : wonderware = = wonderware looks like a blatant ad article . only one person has updated it .
0.26947895
ad article wonderware wonderware looks like a blatsant ad article only one person has updated it 
0.11871235
blatant

:: i dislike homos like you . my cock is for girls only . go try to impress another guy . bye homo .
0.920402
i dislike homos like you my cocek is for girls only go try to impress another guy bye homo 
0.91264844
cock

= = there is nothing more sad then an administrator who bans people just because they have written a superior article . = = let me clear up a few things here . first off , i am not an ira supporter . i am a 36 year old proud former us marine who served my country and i resent being called a terrorist supporter . i have never given money to the ira , i am irish catholic and i support sinn fein , but not the ira . i personally do not believe the ira are terrorists in the same veign as the uda/uvf , hezbollah or al qaida . the ira is much more like the iraqi kurds , northern alliance , jewish irgun , french resistence , and american revolutionaries . i am also not a uda/uvf terrorist apologist as jdorney seems to be . i also resent being banned just because some wanna-be administrator is upset that my article contains more accuracies then his does . i have re-edited my article and placed all the proper sources , page numbers , and quotes . i have also added to the sources index . i have never ment to purposely delete anyones work , if i did so it was by accident and i apologize . i spent weeks researching this article , and alot of it is based on an article i wrote on the ira when i was stationed at camp . pendleton back in 2000 , the rest of it is from newer sources and books . i certainly don't mind other people adding to the article , but i don't think that my edits should be deleted , just because they don't fit with the bias of some editor's and administrators . i will be checking back often , and if my edits continue to be altered i will inform some senior administrators , some of whom are friends of mine . i have worked on many other irish , and military articles and never had any complaints .
0.11693226
there is nothing more sad then an administrator who bans people just because they have written a superior article let me clear up a few things here first off i am not an ira supporter i am a 36 year old proud former us marine who served my country and i resent being called a terrorist supporter i have never given money to the ira i am irish catholic and i support sinn fein but not the ira i personally do not believe the ira are terrorists in the same veign as the udauvf hezbollah or al qaida the ira is much more like the iraqi kurds northern alliance jewish irgun french resistence and american revolutionaries i am also not a udauvf terrorist apuologist as jdorney seems to be i also resent being banned just because some wannabe administrator is upset that my article contains more accuracies then his does i have reedited my article and placed all the proper sources page numbers and quotes i have also added to the sources index i have never ment to purposely delete anyones work if i did so it was by accident and i apologize i spent weeks researching this article and alot of it is based on an article i wrote on the ira when i was stationed at camp pendleton back in 2000 the rest of it is from newer sources and books i certainly dont mind other people adding to the article but i dont think that my edits should be deleted just because they dont fit with the bias of some editors and administrators i will be checking back often and if my edits continue to be altered i will inform some senior administrators some of whom are friends of mine i have worked on many other irish and military articles and never had any complaints 
0.10231585
apologist

will my motherfucking safety be guaranteed ???? i fucking hope so !!! i'm bringing my own fuckin ' weapons !! pay me when i get back motherfuckers !!! oh yeah i've got a joke ... a family ( husband , wife , son , daughter , dog ) walks into an agent's office and tells him that they've got a great vaudeville routine ... he says we don't hire kiddy acts and they say but we're really good ! and so the agent says fine , let me see what you've got , but if you suck i'm throwing you out ... so the family gets ready ... the daughter hits the cd player and circus music begins playing , the father jump kicks the son in the head and stoms his face in the ground until it's a bloody pulp , then proceeds to jerk off and cum all over his shattered skull . meanwhile the mother begins violently finger fucking the daughter as the dog fucks the mother in the ass hole . this is the point when the father takes the leftover brain matter from the son's head and shoves it into the mother's pussy , then begins fucking her pussy while simultaneously sticking his finger down the daughter's throat until she vomits all over them both . then the dog bites the mother's hand off as she's finger fucking the daughter , leaving her hand in the daughter's pussy as blood squirts all over the place ... the father takes blood from the ground , smears it all over the mother's chest , bends over , and begins shitting all over the open wound where her hand used to be before the dog bit it off . they take the dog and shove it in a microwave , heating it up until it explodes , then take the dog remains , mix it with the father's shit , the son's head wound , and the father's cum , and shove it into the daughter's mouth . then the father rips the son's dick off and fucks the daughter with it , as the mother locate's the son's testicles , breaks them open , and drinks the sperm that comes out . then the family lines up and says ta da ! ... there's silence from the agent , until he finally says i love it ! what do you call that ? ... and the family says we call it ... the aristocrats !
0.9458216
will my motherfucking safety be guaranteed i ufcking hope so im bringing my own fuckin weapons pay me when i get back motherfuckers oh yeah ive got a joke a family husband wife son daughter dog walks into an agents office and tells him that theyve got a great vaudeville routine he says we dont hire kiddy acts and they say but were really good and so the agent says fine let me see what youve got but if you suck im throwing you out so the family gets ready the daughter hits the cd player and circus music begins playing the father jump kicks the son in the head and stoms his face in the ground until its a bloody pulp then proceeds to jerk off and cum all over his shattered skull meanwhile the mother begins violently finger fuckinq the daughter as the dog fucks the mother in the ass hole this is the point when the father takes the leftover brain matter from the sons head and shoves it into the mothers pussy then begins ufcking her pussy while simultaneously sticking his finger down the daughters throat until she vomits all over them both then the dog bites the mothers hand off as shes finger ftucking the daughter leaving her hand in the daughters pussy as blood squirts all over the place the father takes blood from the ground smears it all over the mothers chest bends over and begins shitting all over the open wound where her hand used to be before the dog bit it off they take the dog and shove it in a microwave heating it up until it explodes then take the dog remains mix it with the fathers shit the sons head wound and the fathers cum and shove it into the daughters mouth then the father rips the sons dick off and fucks the daughter with it as the mother locates the sons testicles breaks them open and drinks the sperm that comes out then the family lines up and says ta da theres silence from the agent until he finally says i love it what do you call that and the family says we call it the aristocrats 
0.8480758
fucking

