= = april 10 = = at the april 10 edition of raw , chris mordetsky was about to give the master lock on carlito but i think he stuck his middle finger for less than a second . maybe that's why carlito gave a chair shot to him .
0.182134
april 10 at the april 10 edition of raw chris mordetsky was about to give the master lock on carlito but i think he stuck his middle finger for less than a second maybe thats why carlito gave a chair rshot to him 
0.13377957
shot

= = = = borough of brent ethnicity statistics = = = = thank you for your contribution to london borough of brent . i have reverted the change you made , if nothing else because it was not correct ( thr 45% white are not only british and irish , some are , for example , polish ) .
0.032114726
borough of brent ethnicity statistics thank you for your contribution to london borough of brent i have reverted the change you made if nothing else because it was not correct thr 45 whitde are not only british and irish some are for example polish 
0.018926114
white

::: user there is no reason to be that rude . why would anyone in their right mind unblock ? continue to misuse the unblock tag for frivolous unblock requests and you'll lose the ability to edit your talk page . you do not know me personally to be that rude . what you said could have been stated in a much nicer manner such as , please do not abuse the unblock request buuton , or i will be forced too take action . there is no need for you too be that rude . regardless off what i may have done , you as an administrator should maintain some sort politeness . you do not know if i am older than you or younger than you . i am new too wikipedia so please stop being mean . kyaa the katlord attacked me first with words such as muslims of urethra and words such as f ***** . so next time try to show some politeness . read what i have too say above please . i only put the unblock request back up so you would come read what i have written in response to what you said to me before .
0.63876384
user there is no reason to be that r u d e why would anyone in their right mind unblock continue to misuse the unblock tag for frivolous unblock requests and youll lose the ability to edit your talk page you do not know me personally to be that rudg what you said could have been stated in a much nicer manner such as please do not abuse the unblock request buuton or i will be forced too take action there is no need for you too be that rudae regardless off what i may have done you as an administrator should maintain some sort politeness you do not know if i am older than you or younger than you i am new too wikipedia so please stop being mean kyaa the katlord attacked me first with words such as muslims of urethra and words such as f so next time try to show some politeness read what i have too say above please i only put the unblock request back up so you would come read what i have written in response to what you said to me before 
0.2563709
rude

maybe s&g ; are real battleships they are .
0.28575924
maybe sg ake real battleships they ayre 
0.19426467
are

: its not pov . editors who negate this article as such have their povs that are anti-ajith an pro-vijay . for instance , if they give evidence as to the box office status of a film , we can accept it . but they don't and simply brand it as a flop on the basis of tabloid . however fanclubs have access to trade books and know exactly the worth of their icon . this article is as brutally honest as it gets .
0.1202254
its not pov editors who negate this article as such have their poovs that are antiajith an provijay for instance if they give evidence as to the box office status of a film we can accept it but they dont and simply brand it as a flop on the basis of tabloid however fanclubs have access to trade books and know exactly the worth of their icon this article is as brutally honest as it gets 
0.11835029
povs

the losses were not comparable . they were . admiral graf spee's damage was not as severe as some think , unlike exeter's . the ship was nearly a hulk . the only reason why she was repaired is because the british goverment wanted it to be done for propaganda reasons .
0.06218406
the losses were not comparable they were admiral graf spees damage was not as severe as some think unlike exeters the ship was nearly a hulk the only reason why she was repaired is because the british wgoverment wanted it to be done for propaganda reasons 
0.04148586
goverment

this is a poorly written article
0.52879095
this is  a poorly written article 
0.52879095
is

:: this claim is , per se-sick . no wonder you guys spill your venom on wiki , or your armies fled , whenever stumbling upon even slightly armed adversary during 1991-1995 wars- frightened by images of your own propaganda on diabolical , bloodthirsthy croats in black shirts who enjoy licking blood of serbian children and cut throats just for fun . you live entrapped in your own perverted mind .
0.58118206
this claim is per sesick no wonder you guys spill your venom on wiki or your armies fled whenever stumbling upon even slightly armed adversary during 19911995 wars frightened by images of your own propaganda on diabolical bloodthirsthy croats in black shirts who enjoy licking blood of serbian children and cut throats just for fun you live entrapped in your own pervertead mind 
0.4387125
perverted

welcome to wikipedia , the free encyclopedia ! you don't have to log in to read or edit articles on wikipedia , but creating an account is quick , free and non-intrusive , requires no personal information , and gives you many benefits , including : * the use of a username of your choice , provided that it is appropriate . * the use of your own personal watchlist to which you can add articles that interest you . * the ability to start new pages . * the ability to rename pages . * the ability to edit semi-protected pages . * the ability to upload images . * the ability to customize the appearance and behavior of the website . * the eligibility to become an administrator . * your ip address will no longer be visible to other users . we hope you enjoy your time here on wikipedia and that you choose to become a wikipedian by [ creating an account ] . feel free to ask me any questions you may have on my talk page . by the way , you should sign your name to your posts and comments with ~~~~ .
0.045600384
welcome to wikipedia the free encyclopedia you dont have to log in to read or edit articles on wikipedia but creating an account is quick free and nonintrusive requires no personal information and gives you many benefits including the use of a username of your choice provided that it is appropriate the use of your own personal watchlist to which you can add articles that interest you the ability to start new pages the ability to rename pages the ability to edit semiprotected pages the ability to upload images the ability to customize the appearance and behavioir of the website the eligibility to become an administrator your ip address will no longer be visible to other users we hope you enjoy your time here on wikipedia and that you choose to become a wikipedian by creating an account feel free to ask me any questions you may have on my talk page by the way you should sign your name to your posts and comments with 
0.018827612
behavior

chinese communist scholars recently acknowledged its propagandism , which was widely broadcasted by media in japan . japanese large-scale invasion plans , which was so often reverted here is baseless . see below . director jiang li-feng , institute of japanese studies , chinese academy of social sciences , speaking to japanese historians visiting china in early 2006 . ... i felt scolars in japan must learn much more about chinese history . for example , someone talked about tanaka memorandum earlier . but actually , it has increasingly become a mainstream opinion among chinese historians to think that tanaka memorandum in fact did not exist . do you have knowledge in japan , about such achievement of ours in history research ? - japanese magazine seiron april 2006 .
0.026163198
chinese cyommunist scholars recently acknowledged its propagandism which was widely broadcasted by media in japan japanese largescale invasion plans which was so often reverted here is baseless see below director jiang lifeng institute of japanese studies chinese academy of social sciences speaking to japanese historians visiting china in early 2006 i felt scolars in japan must learn much more about chinese history for example someone talked about tanaka memorandum earlier but actually it has increasingly become a mainstream opinion among chinese historians to think that tanaka memorandum in fact did not exist do you have knowledge in japan about such achievement of ours in history research japanese magazine seiron april 2006 
0.018366018
communist

please do not remove warnings from users page
0.040514104
please do not remove warnqings from users page 
0.039311823
warnings

::: you probably don't know/understand this , being new here , but being warned about npa and such is actually an administrative step . more specifically , if there's an established pattern of personal attacks , it's the last thing that happens right before you get a you've been temporarily blocked , have a nice day message from an admin . i understand that you're upset about the afd , but please remain civil , because a block isn't going to make things any easier for you . -
0.15612915
you probably dont knowunderstand this being new here but being warned about npa and such is actually an administrative step more specifically if theres an established pattern of personal uattacks its the last thing that happens right before you get a youve been temporarily blocked have a nice day message from an admin i understand that youre upset about the afd but please remain civil because a block isnt going to make things any easier for you 
0.13530417
attacks

= = hey buddy = = in the real world graffiti is a subculture that he is famous in . do you know who borf is ? d u h love , me ps f u c k y0u|2 generati0n
0.9074912
hey buddy in the real world graffiti is a subculture that he is famous in doi you know who borf is d u h love me ps f u c k y0u2 generati0n 
0.9002765
do

:: that picture is okay so stop creating a fuss
0.1932877
that picture is okay so stop creating a fnuss 
0.16804494
fuss

sign your comments . his name has been published on several media sources . quit worrying about such things if you can't even sign comments )
0.057662666
sign your comments his name has been published on several media sources qnuit worrying about such things if you cant even sign comments 
0.02585916
quit

= = demonising turks = = it is obvious from certain wikipedia articles that many people are using it as a vehicle to demonise turks . wherever possible articles derogatory to these people are being written , media and writings manipulated so that when a search is done of google - only one version - a completely christo-armenia , greek othodox version can be found . it is seems that as in america , armenian and greek lobbying is alive and well here , too . what a shame that jews , who found solace in the turkish ottoman empire , while the rest of europe was have progrom festivals have come on board , too . it seems that all that it needs to get the jew and the gentile on the same wagon , is to beat the tired old donkey issue of the barbarious turk . it wears thin . to be honest , i don't want turkey to join the eu . i want you and teh editors and admin that are like-minded to carry on with your actions . we need to perpetuate the misnomers and misrepresentation of the turks . forget the royal academy's exhibition last year about these people . we need to keep isolating them . because one day you will help in ending your civilisation by cutting such a large chunk of it out . i do hope you get what you deserve .
0.36144638
demonising turks it is obvious from certain wikipedia articles that many people are using it as a vehicle to demonise turks wherever possible articles derogatory to these people are being written media and writings manipulated so that when a search is done of google only one version a completely christoarmenia greek othodox version can be found it is seems that as in america armenian and greek lobbying is alive and well here too what a shame that jews who found solace in the turkish ottoman empire while the rest of europe was have progrom festivals have come on board too it seems that all that it needs to get the jew and the gentile on the same wagon is to beat the tired old donkeyh issue of the barbarious turk it wears thin to be honest i dont want turkey to join the eu i want you and teh editors and admin that are likeminded to carry on with your actions we need to perpetuate the misnomers and misrepresentation of the turks forget the royal academys exhibition last year about these people we need to keep isolating them because one day you will help in ending your civilisation by cutting such a large chunk of it out i do hope you get what you deserve 
0.28195137
donkey

) = = demonising turks = = it is obvious from certain wikipedia articles that many people are using it as a vehicle to demonise turks . wherever possible articles derogatory to these people are being written , media and writings manipulated so that when a search is done of google - only one version - a completely christo-armenia , greek othodox version can be found . it is seems that as in america , armenian and greek lobbying is alive and well here , too . what a shame that jews , who found solace in the turkish ottoman empire , while the rest of europe was have progrom festivals have come on board , too . it seems that all that it needs to get the jew and the gentile on the same wagon , is to beat the tired old donkey issue of the barbarious turk . it wears thin . to be honest , i don't want turkey to join the eu . i want you and teh editors and admin that are like-minded to carry on with your actions . we need to perpetuate the misnomers and misrepresentation of the turks . forget the royal academy's exhibition last year about these people . we need to keep isolating them . because one day you will help in ending your civilisation by cutting such a large chunk of it out . i do hope you get what you deserve . ( utc
0.34171838
demonising turks it is obvious from certain wikipedia articles that many people are using it as a vehicle to demonise turks wherever possible articles derogatory to these people are being written media and writings manipulated so that when a search is done of google only one version a completely christoarmenia greek othodox version can be found it is seems that as in america armenian and greek lobbying is alive and well here too what a shame that jews who found solace in the turkish ottoman empire while the rest of europe was have progrom festivals have come on board too it seems that all that it needs to get the jew and the gentile on the same wagon is to beat the tired old dxonkey issue of the barbarious turk it wears thin to be honest i dont want turkey to join the eu i want you and teh editors and admin that are likeminded to carry on with your actions we need to perpetuate the misnomers and misrepresentation of the turks forget the royal academys exhibition last year about these people we need to keep isolating them because one day you will help in ending your civilisation by cutting such a large chunk of it out i do hope you get what you deserve utc 
0.274163
donkey

is he the same race as allen and ann from the doom tree story line in some of his forms he is wering the same clothes
0.08491729
is he the same raceo as allen and ann from the doom tree story line in some of his forms he is wering the same clothes 
0.06475056
race

:: version that is from pov other than yours is not inflamatory on basis of that . also , i would like to remind you of civility standards here .
0.24205367
version that s from pov other than yours ins not inflamatory on basis of that also i would like to remind you of civility standards here 
0.23275144
is

