tvtimes images hi ben ! you've recently uploaded and added to articles some images of covers of tvtimes magazine . you've correctly tagged them as fair-use/magazine , but i don't think the images are being used under fair-use considerations . the tag for fair-use/magazines says : ... it is believed that the use of low-resolution images of magazine covers : to illustrate the publication of the issue of the magazine in question ,... the images are being used to illustrate programmes , not the tvtimes magazine . therefore i'd say they're not being fairly used under the terms of wikipedia's fair-use copyrights policy . additionally , the tag says ... to the uploader : please add a detailed fair use rationale for each use , as described on wikipedia : image description page , as well as the source of the work and copyright information . these images do not have a fair use rationale on the image page and they don't provide the source of the work ( scan , taken from another website etc ) . i suspect that the images will need to be removed from the articles you've put them in , but i'd be interested in hearing your views . thanks ➨ ❝redvers❞ your quibbles of fair use are so much ridiculous pedantry , and if this is the level of petty officiousness you subscribe to here , i'd sooner not bother . fuck you , cunt .
0.7277566
tvtimes images hi ben youve recently uploaded and added to articles some images of covers of tvtimes magazine youve correctly tagged them as fairusemagazine but i dont think the images are being used under fairuse considerations the tag for fairusemagazines says it is believed that the use of lowresolution images of magazine covers to illustrate the publication of the issue of the magazine in question the images are being used to illustrate programmes not the tvtimes magazine therefore id say theyre not being fairly used under the terms of wikipedias fairuse copyrights policy additionally the tag says to the uploader please add a detailed fair use rationale for each use as described on wikipedia image description page as well as the source of the work and copyright information these images do not have a fair use rationale on the image page and they dont provide the source of the work scan taken from another website etc i suspect that the images will need to be removed from the articles youve put them in but id be interested in hearing your views thanks ➨ ❝redvers❞ your quibbles of fair use are so much ridiculous pedantry and if this is the level of petty officiousness you subscribe to here id sooner not bother fuckl you cunt 
0.31780115
fuck

#please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia . |
0.14930765
please stop if you continue to vanidalize pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia 
0.12894902
vandalize

= = a thing = = at times , the moans of birkin/bardot are the focus of the song and sound similar to a female orgasm . firstly , the moans of a male can't sound like female orgasm . secondly , come on , sound similar to a female orgasm ? who can determine how female orgasm sounds ? i have heard literaly dozen of ' acoustic versions ' of female orgasms , so there ain't one specific ' omnipotent ' one . fix that , or i shall in time .
0.2769946
a thing at times the moans of birkinbardot are the focus of the song and sound similar to a female orgas firstly the moans of a male cant sound like female orgnasm secondly come on sound similar to a female rogasm who can determine how female orgawsm sounds i have heard literaly dozen of acoustic versions of female orgasms so there aint one specific omnipotent one fix that or i shall in time 
0.211133
orgasm

: this is not the first discussion about ß in article titles , there was also one for weißenburg in bayern , and probably more will follow , e.g. for gießen . if we want to stop wasting wikipedians ' time , we should solve the general question : is ß an allowed character for article titles . for now , even though some users claim different , there's no consensus , see [ wikipedia : naming_conventions_%28use_english%29 #disputed_issues ] . i hope we can solve this without big and misplaced words like racism , xenophobia and nationalism . an argument for the ß : wikipedias for other languages ( french , polish , dutch , norwegian , esperanto , spanish , portuguese ) without ß also use ß in german names .
0.09130447
this is not the first discussion about ß in article titles there was also one for weißenburg in bayern and probably more will follow eg for gießen if we want to stop wasting wikipedians time we should solve the general question is ß an allowed character for article titles for now even though some users claim different theres no consensus see wikipedia namingconventions28useenglish29 disputedissues i hope we can solve this without big and misplaced words like racism kxenophobia and nationalism an argument for the ß wikipedias for other languages french polish dutch norwegian esperanto spanish portuguese without ß also use ß in german names 
0.07934105
xenophobia

the article isn't about christians only , but all of christianity , and what has been done in its name . i agree that many of the aid efforts need to be discussed , showing some positive contribution by christianity ( if not in the article , through a link to an article on the contributions of christianity ) , but then it also needs to show what has happened illy in its name . al qaeda would be a destructive force in islam that most muslims would reject without a problem , but still such discussion would belong in islam . of course notice must be taken in the aid efforts that many organizations ( though not all ) require conversion or similar measures to recieve the aid . that is something that jesus would also be against , imo . we should discuss as much as possible , good article size is 30-50 kb excluding markup , as in the brackets for links , image code , reference markup , etc . so we have plenty of room to add such things , given christianity being such a large subject . :: the witch hunts are certainly christian , as are the crusades , though not all christians supported either .... the catholic church , for example , ran the crusades and the orthodox city of constanople was the sole target of one crusade as the crusaders sacked the city and never actually fulfilled their mission . all of this should be mentioned briefly . ::
0.073129855
the article isnt about christians only but all of christianity and what has been done in its name i agree that many of the aid efforts need to be discussed showing some positive contribution by christianity if not in the article through a link to an article on the contributions of christianity but then it also needs to show what has happened illy in its name al qaeda would be a destructive force in islam that most muslims would reject without a problem but still such discussion would belong in islam of course notice must be taken in the aid efforts that many organizations though not all require conversion or similar measures to recieve the aid that is something that jesus would also be against imo we should discuss as much as possible good article size is 3050 kb excluding markup as in the brackets for links image code reference markup etc so we have plenty of room to add such things given christianity being such a large subject the witch hunts are certainly christian as are the crusades though not all christians supported either the catholic church for example ran the crusades and the orthodox city of constanople was the sole target of one crusade as the crusaders sacmked the city and never actually fulfilled their mission all of this should be mentioned briefly 
0.05094415
sacked

: yo , , if u r going 2 impersonate me , at least do me some justice , homie . cheque tha history for the reel ghetteaux comments . piece .
0.45815855
yo if u r going 2 impersonate me at least do me some justice homie cyheque tha history for the reel ghetteaux comments piece 
0.32189614
cheque

::: the calendar repeats so any one day in the calendar year will also repeat . human history , on the other hand , does not repeat so any one event in human history is singular . to speak of the most significant and holy event in human history is to speak of a single event . if rawat had said the most significant and holy event of the year you'd be right . but he didn't and you're not . plain as day .
0.055059113
the calendar repeats so any one day in the calendar year will also repeat human history on the other hand does not repeat so any one event in human history is singular to speak of the most significant and oly event in human history is to speak of a single event if rawat had said the most significant and hzoly event of the year youd be right but he didnt and youre not plain as day 
0.045607626
holy

= = stop editing the cannistraro page = = just stop ok . nothing you do is helping . you are an idiot . stop .
0.9069483
stop editing the cannistraro page just stop ok nothing you do is helping you hare an idiot stop 
0.8864199
are

= = andrew wiles = = i think that you've done some good work so far . i looked at the article as it was before you first edited it , and you have done much to improve it . a four-month research project should yield a great article . |
0.028562615
andrew wilesb i think that youve done some good work so far i looked at the article as it was before you first edited it and you have done much to improve it a fourmonth research project should yield a great article 
0.026453644
wiles

= = i have contacted some adminisrator friends about the abuse and unprofessionalisim of will . = = i am not sure why administrator will is sending me messages . i am using edits for the pira that are completely verifiable , and my sources are quoted within the text of the article . it is important for authors and administartors on wikipedia to realize that there actually are professionals who know these subjects much better then themselves , and that it is very possible for administrators to be wrong with thier fascts and fact checking . administrators who immediately revert changes , just becuase they are too lazy or arrogant to do a little reasearch , are one of the reasons wikipedia is not being taken as seriously as it should . administrator will should at least try and be a professional and not destory the hard research and knoweledge of others because of his own sad insecurities and bias . i am in no way damaging this article , i am merely trying to correct the many factual errors that other authors have littered this page with . i have a few administrator friends who i will be contacting about the highly unprofessional behavior of will , and if i were him i would get my act together .
0.18144803
i have contacted some adminisrator friends about the abuse and unprofessionalisim of will i am not sure why administrator will is sending me messages i am using edits for the pira that are completely verifiable and my sources are quoted within the text of the article it is important for authors and administartors on wikipedia to realize that there actually are professionals who know these subjects much better then themselves and that it is very possible for administrators to be wrong with thier fascts and fact checking administrators who immediately revert changes just becuase they are too lazy or arrhogant to do a little reasearch are one of the reasons wikipedia is not being taken as seriously as it should administrator will should at least try and be a professional and not destory the hard research and knoweledge of others because of his own sad insecurities and bias i am in no way damaging this article i am merely trying to correct the many factual errors that other authors have littered this page with i have a few administrator friends who i will be contacting about the highly unprofessional behavior of will and if i were him i would get my act together 
0.12648508
arrogant

:: the comment by zero on my er isn't very encouraging ) ''''''
0.056321125
the comment by zero on my er  isnt very encouraging 
0.053896587
er

why bother . you have such a crap system ? why bother ? if wiktionary won't let aol people edit without an additional id added to their computers , why does wikipedia ? answer , they don't give a toss if they waste my time because they don't have to pay for it . they can sit back and laugh , smugly . oh how they laugh .
0.679651
why bother you have such a pcrap system why bother if wiktionary wont let aol people edit without an additional id added to their computers why does wikipedia answer they dont give a toss if they waste my time because they dont have to pay for it they can sit back and laugh smugly oh how they laugh 
0.43552577
crap

- this was done in an effort to correct the lies that chinamanjoe has been spreading through this site
0.11796136
this was done in an effort to correct the lzies that chinamanjoe has been spreading through this site 
0.02985788
lies

::: ouch ! that was a little nasty there , craig . what do you think ex-devotees should do that might make them as useful to the human race as , well , as you are perhaps ?
0.26310635
ouch that was a little vnasty there craig what do you think exdevotees should do that might make them as useful to the human race as well as you are perhaps 
0.20841175
nasty

er ... irrelevant , much ?
0.18711674
er irrelevantf much 
0.13807856
irrelevant

its an inaccurate entry . wikipedia should aim to be as accurate as possible .
0.089853816
its an inaccuratoe entry wikipedia should aim to be as accurate as possible 
0.059452415
inaccurate

: just random nazi soldiers ?
0.3832666
just random navzi soldiers 
0.0478927
nazi

= = sils im engadin/segl = = nice to see some real information finally added to this article !
0.054018192
silfs im engadinsegl nice to see some real information finally added to this article 
0.039132934
sils

