= = cutting too much ? = = i'm a little concerned that we're cutting too much . we are getting bogged down in detail , but i think it's important that we document fully the claims of this group . in other articles i've said that we're under no obligation to examine every charge and counter charge , and this is true . however , this is an article about a group whose entire existence is dedicated to making charges , and even if they are easily dismissed on factual grounds , i think it's important that we note that .
0.0510062
cutting too much im a little concerned that were cutting too much we are getting bogvged down in detail but i think its important that we document fully the claims of this group in other articles ive said that were under no obligation to examine every charge and counter charge and this is true however this is an article about a group whose entire existence is dedicated to making charges and even if they are easily dismissed on factual grounds i think its important that we note that 
0.03461793
bogged

no , english , is a germanic language , because in history , english grew out of old germaniclater adoptions of latin vocabulary were not foreseen !
0.081093594
no english is a germanic language because in history english grew out of old germaniclater adoptions of latin vocabulazry were not foreseen 
0.07120658
vocabulary

:::: there is a profound confusion in what jim is saying . maybe because he has left the movement many many years ago ? i have studied this subject in-depth and spoke with current students , one of which was initiated in the knowledge just last year . this is what my research shows me : :::: #the tecniques are very simple and there is ample evidence that these are quite ancient and referred to in many practices , books and poems :::: #there is no magic or grace or opening the third eye involved . for the last 8 years the knowledge has been imparted via a video presentation in which people come and watch an explanation of the techniques presented by the teacher maharaji . :::: #four promise are asked before the video presentation is shown ( these are made verbally and no legal document signed , students are trusted implicitly . ) give a fair chance to knowledge , don't reveal the techniques to others and keep in touch with the teachings . :::: #the whole presentation last 2 1/2 hours . :::: #as there is no group activities ot colective payer sessions or any other type of liturgy , students are free to use these techniques ( one hour per day is recommended ) . there is no cohersion to do anything , beyond the very mild promise give a fair chance to the practice . :::: and no , jim , my sources do not include ex-students . this is an article on prem rawat/maharaji , not his critics . we have added a critics section because there are critics like you and it is needed for a good encyclopedic npov article . but make no mistake , this article is about prem rawat/maharaji and his movement and not about the small group of critics that you represent .
0.014861763
there is a profound confusion in what jim is saying maybe because he has left the movement many many years ago i have studied this subject indepth and spoke with current students one of which was initiated in the knowledge just last year this is what my research shows me the tecniques are very simple and there is ample evidence that these are quite ancient and referred to in many practices books and poems there is no magic or grace or opening the third eye involved for the last 8 years the knowledge has been imparted via a video presentation in which people come and watch an explanation of the techniques presented by the teacher maharaji four promise are asked before the video presentation is shown these are made verbally and no legal document signed students are trusted implicitly give a fair chance to knowledge dont reveal the techniques to others and keep in touch with the teachings the whole presentation last 2 12 hours as there is no group activities ot colective payer sessions or any other types of liturgy students are free to use these techniques one hour per day is recommended there is no cohersion to do anything beyond the very mild promise give a fair chance to the practice and no jim my sources do not include exstudents this is an article on prem rawatmaharaji not his critics we have added a critics section because there are critics like you and it is needed for a good encyclopedic npov article but make no mistake this article is about prem rawatmaharaji and his movement and not about the small group of critics that you represent 
0.012269311
type

::: translation : :: i , personally , would dispute that sexuality is even a continuum . i would agree that heterosexuality , definded as procreation , has been the norm , defined as common and/or typical , throughout history , even normative , defined as prescriptive . since you also include marriage , i would need to be convinced and thus currently disagree on that point also . you of course will remember the second part from our previous disagreements and discussions . :: however , we need to find sources before we make such assertions in articles , and i will oppose their addition until cited . however , as it is common knowledge ( wikipedia : npov_tutorial #neutral_language ) , i would support the addition of , heterosexuality , definded as procreation , has been the norm , defined as common and/or typical , throughout history . ::
0.030429052
translation i personally would dispute that sexuality is even a continuum i would agree that heterosexurality definded as procreation has been the norm defined as common andor typical throughout history even normative defined as prescriptive since you also include marriage i would need to be convinced and thus currently disagree on that point also you of course will remember the second part from our previous disagreements and discussions however we need to find sources before we make such assertions in articles and i will oppose their addition until cited however as it is common knowledge wikipedia npovtutorial neutrallanguage i would support the addition of mheterosexuality definded as procreation has been the norm defined as common andor typical throughout history 
0.024818763
heterosexuality

= = hayford peirce reversion = = hello . i see you've reverted changes i made to hayford peirce . perhaps you're not aware that four of the red links , which i unwikified , were for articles written by hayford peirce himself that were recently deleted following vfd discussion . it seems prudent to unlink the titles of his books in the interest of discouraging further self-promotion . yes ?
0.025628284
hayford peirce reversion hello i see youve reverted changes i made to hayford peirce perhaps youre not aware that four of the red links which i unwikified were for articles written by hayford peirce himself that were recently deleted following vfd discussion it seems prudent to unljink the titles of his books in the interest of discouraging further selfpromotion yes 
0.015643092
unlink

= = you're a motherfucking idiot = = you're stupid as all hell and know * nothing * ! butt out of the business of your superiors !
0.9854896
youre a motherfuckijng idiot youre stupid as all hell and know nothing butt out of the business of your superiors 
0.97483915
motherfucking

pic of the day wednesday
0.005789082
 pic of the day wednesday 
0.005789082
pic

fro anyone who cared to pay attention , it was obvious that eight and aces was a typo . eights and aces is correct . aces and eights is also valid . ]]
0.019117009
fro anyone who caredn to pay attention it was obvious that eight and aces was a typo eights and aces is correct aces and eights is also valid 
0.014371593
cared

= = werewolf : the whatever = = : no reason for these minor elements of w : tf backstory to have their own articles . was that a deliberate typo ? either way , it's quite funny ) .
0.11883651
werewolf the whatever no reason for these minor elements of w tfh backstory to have their own articles was that a deliberate typo either way its quite funny 
0.09702852
tf

:: why not just pope's creek plantation ?
0.10120305
why not just popes creekb plantation 
0.033426303
creek

: indeed it did . there's probably a whole bunch of other stuff i've forgotten to mention as well ... 00:52 24 may 2003 ( utc )
0.043062143
indeed it did theres probably a whole buunch of other stuff ive forgotten to mention as well 0052 24 may 2003 utc 
0.022322444
bunch

i'm removing the claim that bridged designs significantly reduce throughput . i don't see a single benchmark justifying this claim anywhere ; on the contrary , every site i've seen concludes that there is no appreciable performance difference- that bridged drives outperform native drives at least as often as not and such differences are to be attributed to superior logic and firmware rather than differences between native and bridged implementations . even the manufacturers of native sata drives only mention command queueing , the insignificant 150 vs 133 mb/s interface issue ( which doesn't make any appreciable real-world difference ) , and the question of which power connector is superior .
0.012398834
im removing the claim that bridged designs significantly reduce throughput i dont see a single benchmark justifying this claim anywhere on the contrary every site ive seen concludes that there is no appreciable performance difference that bridged drives outperform native drives at least as often as not and such differences are to be attributed to superior logic and firmware rather than differences between native and bridged implementations even the manufacturers of native sata drives only mention command queueing the insignibficant 150 vs 133 mbs interface issue which doesnt make any appreciable realworld difference and the question of which power connector is superior 
0.010448182
insignificant

