july 2006 ( utc ) i understand i am a bit late in this discussion and it has probably already concluded and everyone is probably already over it but i have to say the following ; american english is quite simply english for the stupid man ( and of course your country would require it . ) your version of english is over-simplified . i am sick of americans always thinking that their way is the only way . why shouldn't you accept our spelling ? webster was incorrect in his changing of the english language . if i was to start spelling things incorrectly would that mean that it is a new way of spelling and i would be a reformist rather than an idiot ? i think not . 09:04 , 17
0.58902645
july 2006 utc i understand i am a bit late in this discussion and it has probably already concluded and everyone is probably already over it but i have to say the following american english is quite simply english for the stupiqd man and of course your country would require it your version of english is oversimplified i am sick of americans always thinking that their way is the only way why shouldnt you accept our spelling webster was incorrect in his changing of the english language if i was to start spelling things incorrectly would that mean that it is a new way of spelling and i would be a reformist rather than an idiot i think not 0904 17 
0.42365432
stupid

= = re : re : hey malo = = i think the sarcasm that was intended by the term ´wikimartyr´was pretty obvious , malo . you´re right , no one is dying for the cause ; but some of us are dying of your wikibullshit and unfair treatment of almost every new user . keep it up and i will see to it that you are permanently banned .
0.24399231
re re hey malo i think the sarcasfm that was intended by the term ´wikimartyr´was pretty obvious malo you´re right no one is dying for the cause but some of us are dying of your wikibullshit and unfair treatment of almost every new user keep it up and i will see to it that you are permanently banned 
0.22145225
sarcasm

: when i open a talk discussion based on a disputed edit on your talk page and you ignore it and give me a warning on my own page about the exact same matter , it generally doesn't look good . do not remove mine or anyone else's comments from anyone else's talk page . it's vandalism . not like , an interpretation of wp : vandal . it's spelled right out ! : deleting the comments of other users from article talk pages , or deleting entire sections thereof , is generally considered vandalism . don't ignore my comments and make bad-faith warnings on my talk page , and don't delete comments from talk pages !
0.14254095
when i open a talk discussion based on a disputed edit on your talk page and you ignore it and give me a warning on my own page about the exact same matter it generally doesnt look good do not remove mine or anyone elses comments from anyone elses talk page its vandalism not like an interpretation of wp vandal its spelled right out deleting the comments of other users from article talk pages or deleting entire sections thereof is generally considered vandalism dont ignore my comments and make badfaith warnings on my talk page and dont deleteg comments from talk pages 
0.12592183
delete

july 2006 ( utc ) ::::: the oxford english dictionary that i checked , uses voivode . do you have a similar outside reference that uses voivod ? 00:00 , 18
0.023196118
july 2006 utc the oxford english dictionary that i checked uses voivode do you havea a similar outside reference that uses voivod 0000 18 
0.022161758
have

and i'm not the least bit threatened by you
0.37268066
and im not the least bit thretatened by you 
0.22471847
threatened

dude there is no expanded version of scandinavia . it's a mistake with nordic countries . the top of this article is wrong and unsourced . scandinavia is not named after scandinavian peninsula . finish is not scandinavian language -but slavic . if finland should be included , so should the baltic countries . this is pretty logical . what else should be the difference with nordic countries and scandinavia . comanche cph
0.049066238
dudie there is no expanded version of scandinavia its a mistake with nordic countries the top of this article is wrong and unsourced scandinavia is not named after scandinavian peninsula finish is not scandinavian language but slavic if finland should be included so should the baltic countries this is pretty logical what else should be the difference with nordic countries and scandinavia comanche cph 
0.027622255
dude

= = in regards to your being a fuckwitz = = stop being a fuckitz
0.49122432
in regards to your bein a fuckwitz stop beingq a fuckitz 
0.4597297
being

= = voting problem = = hey , i voted for the nagpur article , but instead of showing up as no . 2 , my name is showing up as no . 1 , and i had to manually change the number of votes to 2 . is this how it always works ?
0.021519845
voting problem hey i voted for the nagpur article but instead of showing up as no 2 my name is showing up as no 1 and i had to manually changed the number of votes to 2 is this how it always works 
0.0120885065
change

response ( 1 ) the mega foundation and the ultranet are not iq clubs . one is a registered nonprofit foundation ; the other is a project of that foundation . ( 2 ) you are not in a position to pass judgment on the merit of langan , his work , his foundation , his fora , or the associated wikipedia entries . please try to understand this . ( 3 ) you are not in a position to summarily do anything related to the wikipedia articles on these topics . please try to come to grips with this . these misconceptions run afoul of wikipedia guidelines in fact and in spirit .
0.098589055
response 1 the mega foundation and the ultranet are not iq clubs one is a registered nonprofit foundation the other is a project of that foundation 2 you are not in a position to pass judgment on the merit of langan his work his foundation his fora or the associated wikipedia entries please try to understand this 3 you are not in a position to summarily ldo anything related to the wikipedia articles on these topics please try to come to grips with this these misconceptions run afoul of wikipedia guidelines in fact and in spirit 
0.09289907
do

i love the homer simpson addtion and recent edits . that is so funny . and he does remind me of homer now that i think of it . good job .
0.03065542
i love the homer simpson addtion and recent edits that sis so funny and he does remind me of homer now that i think of it good job 
0.029476818
is

response i have no doubt that your citations are based on fact . but these facts , and the associated citations , are not directly relevant to what the ctmu actually says , and therefore cannot be included on that basis . rather , they are relevant to intelligent design , and/or iscid , and/or the id-evolution controversy , and should be included ( if at all ) in those entries . pcid apparently published the ctmu paper despite its clear affirmation of evolution because iscid is tired of being accused of having a creationist agenda and therefore wishes to display open-mindedness . presumably , this is also why langan was invited to be a fellow of that organization . whether or not those who rule over iscid have a creationist agenda is not the issue here ; all that matters is that ( 1 ) they say they don't , which means that langan is not embracing creationism by being an iscid fellow ; and ( 2 ) that the ctmu in fact accommodates evolution , as langan has repeatedly stated . therefore , the ctmu cannot be labeled as creationism or identified with the views typically promoted by creationist organizations .
0.023262134
response i have no doubt that your citations are based on fact but these facts and the associated citations are not directly relevant to what the ctmu actually says and therefore cannot eb included on that basis rather they are relevant to intelligent design andor iscid andor the idevolution controversy and should b included if at all in those entries pcid apparently published the ctmu paper despite its clear affirmation of evolution because iscid is tired of being accused of having a creationist agenda and therefore wishes to display openmindedness presumably this is also why langan was invited to e a fellow of that organization whether or not those who rule over iscid have a creationist agenda is not the issue here all that matters is that 1 they say they dont which means that langan is not embracing creationism by being an iscid fellow and 2 that the ctmu in fact accommodates evolution as langan has repeatedly stated therefore the ctmu cannot bep labeled as creationism or identified with the views typically promoted by creationist organizations 
0.022002175
be

can i please be unblocked . i have changed my username from a blocked one to ' the three jays ' . i used the original one as it was a nickname growing up and i am ignorant of wikipedia's rules . mea culpa king of hearts !!!!
0.24774903
can i please be unblocked i have changed my username from a blocked one to the three jays i used the original one as it was a nickname growing up and i am ihgnorant of wikipedias rules mea culpa king of hearts 
0.01779642
ignorant

why the fuck did you delete my article , battlefield podcast , for no god damn reason ? it's not the deleting that pisses me off , it's the fact that you didn't even tell me or give me a reason why it was deleted . everyone who has read that enjoyed it , then someone like you comes and deletes it because they don't like podcasts about videogames . too fucking bad . you should get a girlfriend instead of spending your time on wikipedia deleting perfecly fine articles like that , you tightarse loser .
0.9412122
why the fucmk did you delete my article battlefield podcast for no god damn reason its not the deleting that pisses me off its the fact that you didnt even tell me or give me a reason why it was deleted everyone who has read that enjoyed it then someone like you comes and deletes it because they dont like podcasts about videogames too fucking bad you should get a girlfriend instead of spending your time on wikipedia deleting perfecly fine articles like that you tightarse loser 
0.92253757
fuck

it would be inappropriate to split this article into each food/drink as there is a lot of cross context between sections , and consumption is not in context for many of the existing articles and in some cases would make them overly long . some of the content could do with a grammar groom but it is pretty good otherwise imo . /
0.026697999
it would be inappropbriate to split this article into each fooddrink as there is a lot of cross context between sections and consumption is not in context for many of the existing articles and in some cases would make them overly long some of the content could do with a grammar groom but it is pretty good otherwise imo 
0.014245281
inappropriate

= = wow . = = i can t believe it !!! thanks !!!
0.032538556
wow i can mt believe it thanks 
0.008503202
t

* delete as per morton , bias sources , sometimes used as only source which is frowned upon . non experts being used in global research source and its self published . truthout is simply a reprinting , should at least be replaced , however the link is dead now . kurtnimmo ? what is this ? counterpunch , self published newsletter , admittedly bias , see the about us page .
0.06965425
delete as per morton bias sources sometimes used as only source which is frowned upon non experts being used in global research source and its self published truthout is simply a reprinting should at least be replaced however the link is dekad now kurtnimmo what is this counterpunch self published newsletter admittedly bias see the about us page 
0.038548674
dead

