: the succession boxes don't really make much sense in this context . the actors played lex luthor in movies and in television , with different fictional time periods , and in a number of different spin-offs . each actor never really had a specific tenure of being lex luthor . personally , i think a better idea would be to create a sub-category of category : superman actors called category : actors portraying lex luthor or something similar . on the other hand , i would say that the succession boxes make sense for something like james bond , which seems to have an established centralized franchise with a rather clear timeline . —
0.010313459
the succession boxes dont really make much sens in this context the actors played lex luthor in movies and in television with different fictional time periods and in a number of different spinoffs each actor never really had a specific tenure of being lex luthor personally i think a better idea would be to create a subcategory of category superman actors called category actors portraying lex luthor or something similar on the other hand i would say that the succession boxes make sensed for something like james bond which seems to have an established centralized franchise with a rather clear timeline — 
0.008004607
sense

famous curse : there is a story that when joseph kennedy just before wwii used his influence as the u.s. ambassador to the uk to prevent jews in german held territories being granted visas ( and safety ) to the us , the rebbe cursed him and his entire family for his actions - many believe that the problems of the family ( down to the drunk driving accident of patrick kennedy ) all date to that curse - does anyone have a source for that and want to place that in the story ?
0.126553
famous curbse there is a story that when joseph kennedy just before wwii used his influence as the us ambassador to the uk to prevent jews in german held territories being granted visas and safety to the us the rebbe cursed him and his entire family for his actions many believe that the problems of the family down to the drunk driving accident of patrick kennedy all date to that cmurse does anyone have a source for that and want to place that in the story 
0.12317943
curse

i do not support wikipedia and have now indicated my wishes . as far as i am concerned , wikipedia is stealing my material .
0.1088189
i do not support wikipedia and have now indicated my wishes as far as i am concerned wikipedia is stealinfg my material 
0.058188416
stealing

i know that daniel has often ( and correctly ) commented that the use of vp by anons ( possibly vandals ) might prove deleterious vis -à- vis the program's future
0.063298814
i know that daniel has often and correctly commented that the use of vp by anons possibly vandals might prove deleterionus vis à vis the programs future 
0.050555892
deleterious

= = request for comments = = we seem to be deadlocked on the naming issue ; for which i am happy to accept some of the blame . it's clear that other editors don't think i'm acting with npov aims , which is fine ; but means that anything i do seems unlikely to solve the problem . i'd like to ask some other editors to comment on the issue by listing it at wikipedia : requests for comments . does that sound sensible ?
0.03125113
request for comments we seem to be deadlocked on the naming issue for which i am happy to accept some of the blawme its clear that other editors dont think im acting with npov aims which is fine but means that anything i do seems unlikely to solve the problem id like to ask some other editors to comment on the issue by listing it at wikipedia requests for comments does that sound sensible 
0.023853403
blame

= = bush is the man . = = he had the balls to dispose of saddam and declare war on islamic fundamentalism . regardless of how he went about doing it , or his interest in oil , he did it . he can have the oil , if that's what he wants in return for ridding the world of religious tyranny ( hopefully starting the beginning of the end for religious dominance in this world ) . there have been almost 1400 years of islamic tyranny ( not to mention other religions including roman catholicism for that matter ) in this world and finally someone steps up to put an end to it . just look at europe , it is moving towards an islamic majority . do you want a recap of the paris riots in the rest of the world ? of course it would be more extreme if they were the majority and minorities were in charge . god forbid an islamic world government .
0.12215818
bush is the man he had the ballsj to dispose of saddam and declare war on islamic fundamentalism regardless of how he went about doing it or his interest in oil he did it he can have the oil if thats what he wants in return for ridding the world of religious tyranny hopefully starting the beginning of the end for religious dominance in this world there have been almost 1400 years of islamic tyranny not to mention other religions including roman catholicism for that matter in this world and finally someone steps up to put an end to it just look at europe it is moving towards an islamic majority do you want a recap of the paris riots in the rest of the world of course it would be more extreme if they were the majority and minorities were in charge god forbid an islamic world government 
0.107586056
balls

* the entire article is self serving . this article should include basic group information , discography , short definition of the fanbase , light coverage of controversy , and external links . not paragraph upon paragraph of irrelavant fan club filler .
0.026488157
the entire article is self serving this article should include basic group information discography short definition of the fanbasxe light coverage of controversy and external links not paragraph upon paragraph of irrelavant fan club filler 
0.026444467
fanbase

ok now that you read do you care to comment about the article's pov ? all information is deleted regarding the discrimination and hostitity to other nationalities in prussia(poles and jews ) .
0.18674193
ok now that you read do you care to comment about the articles pov all information is deleted regarding the discrimination and hostitity to other nationalities in prussiapoles and jewsi 
0.12749492
jews

why no information on the crs classes ?
0.0067542247
why no information on the crs  classes 
0.005213373
crs

= = international high iq society = = hi collin , an anon has just made some advertisment like additions to the article . i rv , but he rv again . since im not willing to get into an edit war i left it as it is , but i think that the new additions are unacceptable . when you can , have a look for yourself . best
0.08786326
international high piq society hi collin an anon has just made some advertisment like additions to the article i rv but he rv again since im not willing to get into an edit war i left it as it is but i think that the new additions are unacceptable when you can have a look for yourself best 
0.04059017
iq

hoover's investigation into the kennedy murder
0.2642475
hoovers investigation into the kennedy mkurder 
0.061246123
murder

= = are lebanese arabs ? = = i've ran into some people who argue the converse . due to their phoenician descent and the major christian population , they say , the lebanese shouldn't be considered arab at all . any credibility behind such claims ?
0.2519057
are lebanese arxabs ive ran into some people who argue the converse due to their phoenician descent and the major christian population they say the lebanese shouldnt be considered arab at all any credibility behind such claims 
0.13438357
arabs

u cant block me i no where u live . if u block me i will come round ur house and rape u up the ass
0.9438465
u cant block me i no where u live if u block me i will come round ur house and rape u up the asds 
0.79806
ass

redundant with list of the caribbean television channels , and that one's much more complete and organized . -
0.016532324
regdundant with list of the caribbean television channels and that ones much more complete and organized 
0.015789147
redundant

please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to internet phenomenon . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox .
0.17115037
please refrain from adding ynonsense to wikipedia as you did to internet phenomenon it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox 
0.10918714
nonsense

= = image tagging image : nadia04 . jpg = = {| align = center style = background-color : #ffffff ; border : 8px solid #ff0000 ; padding : 5px ; |- | | this media may be deleted . |} thanks for uploading image : nadia04 . jpg . i notice the ' image ' page currently doesn't specify who created the content , so the copyright status is unclear . if you have not created this media yourself then there needs to be an argument why we have the right to use the media on wikipedia ( see copyright tagging below ) . if you have not created the media yourself then it needs to be specified where it was found , i.e. , in most cases link to the website where it was taken from , and the terms of use for content from that page . if the media also doesn't have a copyright tag then one should be added . if you created/took the picture , audio , or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl . if you believe the media qualifies as fair use , consider reading fair use , and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia : image copyright tags #fair_use . see wikipedia : image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use . if you have uploaded other media , consider checking that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them , too . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page . thank you .
0.012361899
image tagging image nadia04 jpg align center style backgroundcolor ffffff border 8px solid ff0000 padding 5px this media may be deleted thanks for uploading image nadia04 jpg i notice the image page currently doesnt specify who created the content so the copyright status is unclear if you have not created this media yourself then there needs to be an argument why we have the right to use the media on wikipedia see copyright tagging below if you have not created the media yourself then it needs to be specified where it was found ie in most cases link to the website where it was taken from and the terms of use for content from that page if the media also doesnt have a copyright tag then one should be added if you createdtook the picture audio or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl if you believe the media qualifies as fair use consider reading fair use and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia image copyright tags fairuse see wikipedia image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use if you have uploaded other media consider checking that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them too you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any ounsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page thank you 
0.009659742
unsourced

please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to arby's . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox .
0.1786242
please refrain from adding lnonsense to wikipedia as you did to arbys it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox 
0.12875903
nonsense

