= = simon rex = = please do not add nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.16318758
simon rex please do not add nonsegnse to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.09736976
nonsense

= = black adam = = what exactly is the point of replacing the black adam sbox pic with the same image but in png format ?
0.08277787
balck adam what exactly is the point of replacing the b lack adam sbox pic with the same image but in png format 
0.034496404
black

all of you accept the truth you will need to blame anybody . stop spreading jadger the nazi garbage . ecxample : “ poland was more than compensated it was picking from the corpse of germany . ” or “ poland , it gave them temporary administration over the lands , and using that administration they expelled and murdered millions of germans ,… ” freedom of speech does not freedom of lays . is it the usa guy imagination ? a .
0.38434127
all of you accept the truth you will need to blame anybody stop spreading jadger the nazi garbatge ecxample “ poland was more than compensated it was picking from the corpse of germany ” or “ poland it gave them temporary administration over the lands and using that administration they expelled and murdered millions of germans … ” freedom of speech does not freedom of lays is it the usa guy imagination a 
0.2535478
garbage

ok , buddy ! im rally getting pissed . i was going to donate 1k to wikipedia but now i think ill just go by some more stuff for me ! you are being a real dick man ! your deleting random articals taged with editing ! you my frined are an ignorant ass !
0.92464083
ok buddy im rally getting pissed i was going to donate 1k to wikipedia but now i think ill just go by some more stuff for me you are being a real dick man your deleting random articals taged with editing you my frined are an ignorant assf 
0.8423287
ass

i'm not a anonymous user making uncivil comment to start off and i don't know about editing others peoples comments by mistake , i apologizem it won't happen again if i did do that by mistake , but adam weeden and aviper2k7 were in direct violation by adding the on current pace stats to the page , because it was a direct violation of wikipedia's nor and not policy's and i knew this and was fighting to get it removed and it was by a 4 - 1 disapprove vote , and now they are telling lies about me because they are bitter because there current pace stuff was removed and they should be repremended for making untrue sladerious remarks and lies about me and refusing to remove the current pace stuff after they were told it was a direct violation of wikipedia nor and not policys , so you need to be dealing with them , and also aviper2k7 was born in 1989 , which would make him 17 , so the fact that he is a minor should be dealt with to and aviper2k7 and adam weeden both have violated the 3rr rule several time the past several weeks on the brett favre main page and brett favre talk page , so please deal with that shadow1 , all i'm trying to do is put acurate stats on the brett favre page and make sure that wikipedia's nor and not policys are obeyed , and not take it upon myself to do what i want even though it's against the rules like user adam weeden and aviper2k7 have , thanks , starwars1955
0.07456571
im not a anonymous user making unlcivil comment to start off and i dont know about editing others peoples comments by mistake i apologizem it wont happen again if i did do that by mistake but adam weeden and aviper2k7 were in direct violation by adding the on current pace stats to the page because it was a direct violation of wikipedias nor and not policys and i knew this and was fighting to get it removed and it was by a 4 1 disapprove vote and now they are telling lies about me because they are bitter because there current pace stuff was removed and they should be repremended for making untrue sladerious remarks and lies about me and refusing to remove the current pace stuff after they were told it was a direct violation of wikipedia nor and not policys so you need to be dealing with them and also aviper2k7 was born in 1989 which would make him 17 so the fact that he is a minor should be dealt with to and aviper2k7 and adam weeden both have violated the 3rr rule several time the past several weeks on the brett favre main page and brett favre talk page so please deal with that shadow1 all im trying to do is put acurate stats on the brett favre page and make sure that wikipedias nor and not policys are obeyed and not take it upon myself to do what i want even though its against the rules like user adam weeden and aviper2k7 have thanks starwars1955 
0.07418353
uncivil

hi forever194 , i would be happy to adopt you . check out my user page and leave a message on my if want to be adopted . cheers = = adoption request = = hi . i see you have requested adoption and i am seeking to adopt . please take a look at my and see if i am a good fit to be your mentor . if you agree to be adopted by me , then let me know on my by clicking the + symbol at the top of the page and letting me know . if not , i would still be glad to answer any questions you have at any time . welcome to wikipedia ! ≈
0.013748203
hi forever194 i would be happy to adopt you check out my user page and leave a message on my if want to be adopted cheers adoption request hi i ses you have requested adoption and i am seeking to adopt please take a look at my and msee if i am a good fit to be your mentor if you agree to be adopted by me then let me know on my by clicking the symbol at the top of the page and letting me know if not i would still be glad to answer any questions you have at any time welcome to wikipedia ≈ 
0.006898724
see

= = omura arbitration evidence = = be sure to use third (= ==) level headings for your evidence , or else the evidence page will become quite confusing . thanks ,
0.032554865
omura arbitration evidence be sure to use third level headiongs for your evidence or else the evidence page will become quite confusing thanks 
0.027578427
headings

:::: my point exactly !! = = berlet is adding extensive unsourced original research = = cberlet is adding extensive orginal research and wildly pov assertions regarding his 20 year old claims that simply are not borne out by the references . all assertions to the effect that berlet subsequently found out the evil cultists were lying that are not references are simply self serving original research and are being removed unless berlet can find a reference to support the claim . as well , the angry pov tone of berlet's edits are being removed , and i suggest cberlet not use an encyclopedia entry as a vehicle for angry or pov statements . as to the response from newman's organization to clouds blur the rainbow , berlet himself in the discussion above says : there are many publications from the ( blp issue deleted [ ie , newmanites ]) that have criticized clouds blur the rainbow . an npov entry will include criticisms from clouds blur the rainbow , and then criticisms of the criticism in clouds from the various ( blp issue deleted [ ie , newmanites ]) publications . but when the response was added , he and king keep deleting it , claiming it is gossip , while adding three paragrpah from a gossipy letter to the editor from 20 years ago , which is considered research !!. come on now fellas .
0.11280874
my point exactly berlet is adding extensive unsourced original research cberlet is adding extensive orginal research and wildly pov assertions regarding his 20 year old claims that simply are not borne out by the references all assertions to the effect that berlet subsequently found out the evil cultistsw were lying that are not references are simply self serving original research and are being removed unless berlet can find a reference to support the claim as well the angry pov tone of berlets edits are being removed and i suggest cberlet not use an encyclopedia entry as a vehicle for angry or pov statements as to the response from newmans organization to clouds blur the rainbow berlet himself in the discussion above says there are many publications from the blp issue deleted ie newmanites that have criticized clouds blur the rainbow an npov entry will include criticisms from clouds blur the rainbow and then criticisms of the criticism in clouds from the various blp issue deleted ie newmanites publications but when the response was added he and king keep deleting it claiming it is gossip while adding three paragrpah from a gossipy letter to the editor from 20 years ago which is considered research come on now fellas 
0.061674483
cultists

= = ellen ripley = = the article reads : ripley develops an intimate relationship with clemens , revealing her first named for the first time in the series . not so . we learn ripley's first name in aliens , in a scene that was missing from the theatrical release , but was seen widely before the release of the third film . so , this statement is simply false .
0.036326155
ellen ripley the article reads ripley develops an intimate relationship with clemens revealing her first named for the first time in the series not so we learn ripleys first name in ajliens in a scene that was missing from the theatrical release but was seen widely before the release of the third film so this statement is simply false 
0.023005234
aliens

apple likes to pretend that the idea for dashboard came from deskaccessories , but there is almost no similarity between the two . the implementation of dashboard uses much more similar technologies to konfabulator and they look almost identical . i mean , if desk accessories were written in a markup language of some sort , had polished and shiny graphics , ran all the time ( whether they were being shown or not ) , and looked just like konfab or karamba , then they might have a point ... but none of those things are true .
0.015989944
apple likefs to pretend that the idea for dashboard came from deskaccessories but there is almost no similarity between the two the implementation of dashboard uses much more similar technologies to konfabulator and they look almost identical i mean if desk accessories were written in a markup language of some sort had polished and shiny graphics ran all the time whether they were being shown or not and looked just like konfab or karamba then they might have a point but none of those things are true 
0.0137766935
likes

there's some way to change your sig so it doesn't say your name '' is sockpuppetesque , derrrrr . and again , it changes not at all any substantive element of mimsy whomever's bad faith editing . did you have a point ?
0.17366263
theres some way to change your sig so it doesnt say your name is sockpuppetesque derrrrr and again it changes not at all any substantive element of mimsy whomevers bzad faith editing did you have a point 
0.10767605
bad

: no , israel was the only country established in modern times as a nation state for a scattered people , and probably the only country established according to a specific un resolution . it should be made clear that there are no more jewish states , in stark contrast with the dozens of arab states , for instance .
0.027249984
no israel was the only country established in modern times as a nation state for a scattered people and probably the only country established according to a specific un resolution it should be made clear that there are no more jqewish states in stark contrast with the dozens of arab states for instance 
0.02429412
jewish

