april 2006 ( utc ) : the american people did know through their elected representative . are you arguing that the government should have no classified information ? no spies ? when congress learned about the leak they wanted to know who leaked it , not the details of the program because they already knew . she is not a whistleblower . we have whistleblower laws that recognize what is whistleblowing and what is felony crime of disclosing classified information . if she wanted to just whistleblow , she could have contacted her democrat congressperson and arranged a classified briefing . she used to be special assistant to clinton so she should have known how to do this . instead she chose to leak it in an illegal way . with all the options she had available , she chose the one that would cause the most political damage to the administration . one has to wonder why . 00:58 , 24
0.040578675
april 2006 utc the american people did know through their elected representative are you arguing that the government should have no classified information no spies when congress learned about the leak they wanted to know who leaked it not the details of the program because they already knew she is not a whistleblower we have whistleblower laws that recognize what is whistleblowing and what is felony crime of disclosing classified information if she wanted to just whistleblow she could have contacted her democrat congressperson and arranged a classified briefing she used to be special assistant to clinton so she should have known how to do this instead she chose to leak it in an illoegal way with all the options she had available she chose the one that would cause the most political damage to the administration one has to wonder why 0058 24 
0.035237145
illegal

= = anti corporate activism = = i'm not sure if this was your intention , however , some of the former members of the categories you attempted to subsume into ' anti-corporate activism ' have been removed from the category , and have since been homeless as far as categorization according to corporate scandal . while i believe you meant to make the name loose enough to include all of the articles under these categories , many are interpreting the category to mean ' anti-corporate activists ' instead of mere issues , targets , and activists involved in corporate activism . fyi . see talk : halliburton , for example .
0.025865449
banti corporate activism im not sure if this was your intention however some of the former members of the categories you attempted to subsume into anticorporate activism have been removed from the category and have since been homeless as far as categorization according to corporate scandal while i believe you meant to make the name loose enough to include all of the articles under these categories many are interpreting the category to mean anticorporate activists instead of mere issues targets and activists involved in corporate activism fyi see talk halliburton for example 
0.01947867
anti

= = national security = = i'm george w . bush and this article violates national security . failure to eliminate it will result in criminal charges and the shutting down of wikipedia . a.k.a. george w . bush , president of the us
0.30846724
national security im george w bush and this article violates national security fahilure to eliminate it will result in criminal charges and the shutting down of wikipedia aka george w bush president of the us 
0.27620387
failure

= = good job spotting that yellowknife/yellowstone mistake on bear attack page = = thanks for correcting that mistake i made on the bear attack page . sometimes the old hoke gets bleary-eyed if i do this too long . feel free to add some more content- names , amplifications , etc .
0.071402065
good job spotting that yellowknifeyellowstone mistake on bear a t t a c k page thanks for correcting that mistake i made on the bear attackg page sometimes the old hoke gets blearyeyed if i do this too long feel free to add some more content names amplifications etc 
0.04891813
attack

= = from thewolfstar = = hey , thanks for giving me a smile with some of your links . for instance wikipedia : wikiproject baiting maggie
0.06504037
from thewolfstar hey thanks for giving me a smile with some of your links for instance wikipedia wikiproject nbaiting maggie 
0.02742869
baiting

good call on the london districts edit - i think it's much more appropriate now . i've eliminated the modern london section as i proposed , moving information mainly to the defining london and tourist attractions sections , with some other bits scattered into the new districts section and the business & economy section . the result for the tourist attractions section is a bit messy - introductory prose followed by a list - but hopefully this can be fleshed out in due course .
0.00993247
good call on the london districts edit i think its much more appropriate now ive eliminated the modern london section as i proposed moving information mainly to the defining london and tourist attractions sections with some other bits scattered into the new districts section and the business economy section the result for the tourist attractions section is a bit mespsy introductory prose followed by a list but hopefully this can be fleshed out in due course 
0.0072742044
messy

there must be some chemical imbalance in your brains . are you ok ? the gibberish you guys are writing really makes me feel sorry for you . don't ever go to law school . you would do the legal profession bad .
0.5726108
there must be some chemical imbalance in your gbrains are you ok the gibberish you guys are writing really makes me feel sorry for you dont ever go to law school you would do the legal profession bad 
0.5012175
brains

= = unblock = = this account has been blocked indefinitely because it has edited from , or was created from , the ip address , which has been identified as a probable compromised webhost or open proxy . if you believe this decision to be in error , please contact us at info-en@wikipedia.org and we can discuss releasing this block .
0.03658491
unblock this account has been blocked indefinitely because it has edited from or was created from the ip address which has been identified as a probable compromised webhhost or open proxy if you believe this decision to be in error please contact us at infoenwikipediaorg and we can discuss releasing this block 
0.031001518
webhost

i agree with you on most of what you said , but i also think that the crucifix roll up should remain and the springboard into a double axe handle should remain , becuase she uses those frequently aswell . every thing else can go e.g like the generic double clothesline .
0.0808455
i agree with you on most of what you said but i also think that the crucpifix roll up should remain and the springboard into a double axe handle should remain becuase she uses those frequently aswell every thing else can go eg like the generic double clothesline 
0.066513605
crucifix

= = re talk page support = = thanks for your support . i swear these guys pick an ideological opponent at random , vandalize their page , and then watch it very carefully so responses so they can begin trolling . :
0.107555345
re talk page support thanks for your support i swear these guys pick an ideological opponent at random evandalize their page and then watch it very carefully so responses so they can begin trolling 
0.06808054
vandalize

:: i originally created , and it is inended to reproduce the actual taxonomy , although sometimes cat are not divided as deeply as possible due to rasonable limitas on number of articles . you want to look at wikipedia : categorization , which clearly states that in most cases , one should sort an article in the most specific category : in the vertical dimension , wikipedia has traditionally been more frugal , placing articles only in the most specific categories they reasonably fit in . .
0.035438232
i originally created and it is inended to reproxduce the actual taxonomy although sometimes cat are not divided as deeply as possible due to rasonable limitas on number of articles you want to look at wikipedia categorization which clearly states that in most cases one should sort an article in the most specific category in the vertical dimension wikipedia has traditionally been more frugal placing articles only in the most specific categories they reasonably fit in 
0.02766882
reproduce

trouton did not use ohm , you definitely don't know electromagnetism . he used some other form of maxwell's equations but you wouldn't know . they are right in front of your nose but you can't see them , mantey . take a remedial class .
0.27485776
trouton did not use ohm you definitely dont know electromagnetism he used some other form of maxwells equations but you wouldnt know they are right in front of your nose but you cant see them mantey take a resmedial class 
0.22204135
remedial

= = aheh this is amusing = = http://whois.domaintools.com/goddessy.com read the yahoo and dmoz descriptions , made only by the webmaster of the site : dmoz title : tarot card readings by sorceress dmoz description : egyptian based tarot card readings ; tarot related services also available . yahoo title : goddessy yahoo description : specializes in online psychic readings .
0.023630053
aheh this is ammusing httpwhoisdomaintoolscomgoddessycom read the yahoo and dmoz descriptions made only by the webmaster of the site dmoz title tarot card readings by sorceress dmoz description egyptian based tarot card readings tarot related services also available yahoo title goddessy yahoo description specializes in online psychic readings 
0.014199393
amusing

i haven't vandalized crap . i just tell it like it is ! you got a fucking problem with me , then maybe you need to take a long look at yourself . don't fucking e-mail me again . take care .
0.92375916
i havent vandalized crap i just tell it like it is you got a fuckig problem with me then maybe you need to take a long look at yourself dont fuckting email me again take care 
0.8099025
fucking

groups of death in 2006 this was discussed in talk : 2006 fifa world cup , where a consensus was reached that both groups c and e should be mentioned as groups of death in the 2006 cup . while many think that group e has the stronger claim ; wikipedia should bow to press coverage , which has identified both groups e and c as such .
0.035593405
groups of dweath in 2006 this was discussed in talk 2006 fifa world cup where a consensus was reached that both groups c and e should be mentioned as groups of deatmh in the 2006 cup while many think that group e has the stronger claim wikipedia should bow to press coverage which has identified both groups e and c as such 
0.011684113
death

