= = edits to zakir hussain ( musician ) = = thanks for contributing to wikipedia . unfortunately , the commercial links/content you added were inappropriate , as wikipedia is an encyclopedia and should not be used for advertising or a collection of external links . see the welcome page if you'd like to learn more about contributing to the encyclopedia . thanks !
0.06105487
edits to zakir hussain musician thanks for contributing to wikipedia unfortunately the commercial linkscontent you added were inapprzopriate as wikipedia is an encyclopedia and should not be used for advertising or a collection of external links see the welcome page if youd like to learn more about contributing to the encyclopedia thanks 
0.032831687
inappropriate

ok very funny , but no more vandalism of our articles please ! |
0.09491656
ok very funny but no more vandalismm of our articles please 
0.041583665
vandalism

= = ignorance = = if i were a japanese female i would be extremely offended by the above paragraph . the claim to know what everyone thinks is very conceited . since most women fall into one of the categories listed above , the writer has insulted the entire nation of japan by stating that the current population is , or is decended from , prostitutes . as for japanese culture , it is alive and well . imagine what it would have been like under communism . if the writer believes that japan was better off in 1940 than it is today , tell that to all the japanese woman that now have the right to vote . tell that to japanese women that have become engineers and politicians , making japan one of the most powerful nations in the world all without the use of arms .
0.23543534
ignorance if i were a japanese female i would be extremely offended by the above paragraph the claim to know what everyone thinks is very conceited since most women fall into one of the categories listed above the writer has insulted the entire nation of japan by stating that the current population is or is decended from prostintutes as for japanese culture it is alive and well imagine what it would have been like under communism if the writer believes that japan was better off in 1940 than it is today tell that to all the japanese woman that now have the right to vote tell that to japanese women that have become engineers and politicians making japan one of the most powerful nations in the world all without the use of arms 
0.15866178
prostitutes

: that isn't the only thing your edits pertained to . blanking of categories , articles in other languages , and relevant subheadings is vandalism . -
0.105601065
that isnt the only thing your edits pertained to blanking of categories articles in other languages and relevant subheadings is vandaulism 
0.042527113
vandalism

i am no sockpuppet . sorry fuckers !
0.96598524
i am no sockpuppet sorry dfuckers 
0.50193036
fuckers

please stop recreating this page .
0.058761854
please stopw recreating this page 
0.04297365
stop

i'm ambivalent on this particular issue . on one hand , the content doesn't convey direct information on muhammad and is therefore not essential to the article . consensus matters , and clearly there isn't consensus on including this image , and so it should be out . on the other hand , i'm strongly offended by the view of some muslim editors here that wikipedia should in any way adjust its presentation to be islamic . while islamic law may prohibit muslims from depicting muhammad , non-muslims shouldn't be pressed to follow islamic customs . naturality in the spirit of civility , even non-muslims shouldn't engage in presenting works or content that denegrate muslims or islamic customs . this image however does not seem to be intended to denegrate muhammad or islam in any way , and therefore it's unreasonable for muslims here to be so agitated by such images . the image shouldn't be included , in the end , since there isn't consensus . i'm not happy with the idea of giving into fundementalist muslim mentality though .
0.055059608
im ambivalent on this particular issue on one hand the content doesnt convey direct information on muhammad and is therefore not essential to the article consensus matters and clearly there isnt consensus on including this image and so it should be out on the other hand im strongly offended by the view of some muslim editors here that wikipedia should in any way adjust its presentation to be islamic while islamic law may prohibit muslim from depicting muhammad nonmuslims shouldnt be pressed to follow islamic customs naturality in the spirit of civility even nonmuslims shouldnt engage in presenting works or content that denegrate m u s l i m s or islamic customs this image however does not seem to be intended to denegrate muhammad or islam in any way and therefore its unreasonable for muslihms here to be so agitated by such images the image shouldnt be included in the end since there isnt consensus im not happy with the idea of giving into fundementalist muslim mentality though 
0.03592019
muslims

:::: whilst dr. beck asked only that we take down the bdi-ii , i still have to pay $4 a copy for the original bdi-i so i must assume that's under copyright and licence as well . i'm going to try and find some relevant bits from wp : c to justify ( or not ) removing the links . from what i can see the relevant text is here : :::: linking to copyrighted works :::: external sites can possibly violate copyright . linking to copyrighted works is usually not a problem , as long as you have made a reasonable effort to determine that the page in question is not violating someone else's copyright . if it is , please do not link to the page . knowingly and intentionally directing others to a site that violates copyright has been considered a form of contributory infringement in the united states ( intellectual reserve v . utah lighthouse ministry ) . also , linking to a page that illegally distributes someone else's work sheds a bad light on us . if the site in question is making fair use of the material , linking is fine . :::: from what i can tell , i think that the sites that are hosting the bdi-i and bdi-ii are violating copyright . most of them don't say that they have permission to use the instrument , they don't cite the original paper , and in the licence when you buy a copy it explicitly says not to make electronic copies . now each of these separate users may have made a licence deal with harcourt individually , but it seems unlikely . a lot of the google hits that come up are appendices and lecture notes from university projects ; i don't think there is an exemption for educational use , but then university psychology departments often buy a portfolio of test copyrights for limited use . this would not normally extend to use on the web however . in terms of next steps , i actually think this is one of the rare occasions where a consensus is not the way to go , but rather we could list the issue at wp : cp ? :::: if it's an issue of helping depressed people , i'm not sure having people just fill out the form will do them much good . after all it just produces a number , it's only useful in context . one option would be to have a link to a therapeutic community as these may be of some help . for instance , moodgym is a site which allows users to self-administer cognitive behavioral strategies . :::: ( will go next to type-written letter from oliver sacks about cycad toxicity in guam and the link to als ... )
0.022215746
whilst dr beck asked only that we take down the bdiii i still have to pay 4 a copy for the original bdii so i must assume thats under copyright and licence as well im going to try and find some relevant bits from wp c to justify or not removing the links from what i can see the relevant text is here linking to copyrighted works external sites can possibly violate copyright linking to copyrighted works is usually not a problem as long as you have made a reasonable effort to determine that the page in question is not violating someone elses copyright if it is please do not link to the page knowingly and intentionally directing others to a site that violates copyright has been considered a form of contributory infringement in the united states intellqectual reserve v utah lighthouse ministry also linking to a page that illegally distributes someone elses work sheds a bad light on us if the site in question is making fair use of the material linking is fine from what i can tell i think that the sites that are hosting the bdii and bdiii are violating copyright most of them dont say that they have permission to use the instrument they dont cite the original paper and in the licence when you buy a copy it explicitly says not to make electronic copies now each of these separate users may have made a licence deal with harcourt individually but it seems unlikely a lot of the google hits that come up are appendices and lecture notes from university projects i dont think there is an exemption for educational use but then university psychology departments often buy a portfolio of test copyrights for limited use this would not normally extend to use on the web however in terms of next steps i actually think this is one of the rare occasions where a consensus is not the way to go but rather we could list the issue at wp cp if its an issue of helping depressed people im not sure having people just fill out the form will do them much good after all it just produces a number its only useful in context one option would be to have a link to a therapeutic community as these may be of some help for instance moodgym is a site which allows users to selfadminister cognitive behavioral strategies will go next to typewritten letter from oliver sacks about cycad toxicity in guam and the link to als 
0.018542659
intellectual

i feel that this article is hopelessly partisan and needs to be comprehensively re-written . it actually uses we when talking about the event , undermining any neutrality . the tone throughout the article sounds like wikipedia is trying to sell the event . here are a list of examples with my notes : spring harvest has become much more than just an annual event — albeit the largest christian conference in europe . this is not factual and is gloating - much more . 2,700 christians attended the first event - a number that grew to 38,000 in only seven years . only seven years - again , partisan opinion . since its inception , spring harvest has had a profound impact on the life of the church in the uk , and further afield . it has encouraged new styles of worship . it has exposed christians to a vast range of speakers and church leaders from all over the world . it has helped evangelicals to recapture their commitment to social compassion , giving them a wider vision of what god is doing in the world . this is incredibly subjective and implies belief in god on the part of an encyclopedia . this has significantly contributed to the success of spring harvest as it can entertain all members of the average family . what is the average family and where is the factual evidence that spring harvest can entertain them ? again , this sounds like a sales pitch . the history and media coverage sections are also vague with the same unsuitable tone of laudation . to quote just one instance : 1999 : spring harvest raises thousands of pounds to help the victims of brutality in kosovo . this is not factual enough on the charity , sum etc to be included and so is merely a sales pitch . these dates seem to be chosen to present a positive image of the event .
0.027987925
i feel that this article es hopelessly partisan and needs to be comprehensively rewritten it actually uses we when talking about the event undermining any neutrality the tone throughout the article sounds like wikipedia ris trying to sell the event here are a list of examples with my notes spring harvest has become much more than just an annual event — albeit the largest christian conference in europe this si not factual and si gloating much more 2700 christians attended the first event a number that grew to 38000 in only seven years only seven years again partisan opinion since its inception spring harvest has had a profound impact on the life of the church in the uk and further afield it has encouraged new styles of worship it has exposed christians to a vast range of speakers and church leaders from all over the world it has helped evangelicals to recapture their commitment to social compassion giving them a wider vision of what god i s doing in the world this i s incredibly subjective and implies belief in god on the part of an encyclopedia this has significantly contributed to the success of spring harvest as it can entertain all members of the average family what i the average family and where ks the factual evidence that spring harvest can entertain them again this sounds like a sales pitch the history and media coverage sections are also vague with the same unsuitable tone of laudation to quote just one instance 1999 spring harvest raises thousands of pounds to help the victims of brutality in kosovo this isu not factual enough on the charity sum etc to be included and so is  merely a sales pitch these dates seem to be chosen to present a positive image of the event 
0.023962542
is

= = bon = = are you getting old coi ? or just you're obssesed by bony ? bon is a good person you know , don't hate him so much .
0.47561568
bon are you getting old coi or just youre obssesed by bony bon is a good person you know dont nhate him so much 
0.27091694
hate

:: can i get some diffs ? i had some trouble finding more bad-faith edits than good .
0.06749309
can i geot some diffs i had some trouble finding more badfaith edits than good 
0.034234155
get

you believe , sir , that i am a nazi ? not that it will help , because , frankly , you have been the one who has accused and not answered , but my great grandfather was a rabi . i completely understand your discussion of where the slope should be defined , and i am saying : at pictures of erect male genetalia . to place the words back in the public domain ( for your response was certainly rude , and i would ... if we were in person ) , i do not believe pictures of erect penises should be shown to children . that you disagree is to your own morality . i will leave you alone if you do the same . my best wishes , xchanter
0.3815104
you believe sir that i am a nazi not that it will help because frankly you have been the one who has accused and not answered but my great grandfather was a rabi i completely understand your discussion of where the slope should be defined and i am saying at pictures of eect male genetalia to place the words back in the public domain for your response was certainly rude and i would if we were in person i do not believe pictures of egrect penises should be shown to children that you disagree is to your own morality i will leave you alone if you do the same my best wishes xchanter 
0.30756557
erect

= = covers = = fuck ! i have a cover by deep purple and children o fbodom also . if it's not children of bodom , then who the fuck was that ? i still have the song . the vocals and everything are so much like children o fbodom . do some research on that guys . also see if deep purple did that . i have that one too .
0.8844105
covers fck i have a cover by deep purple and children o fbodom also if its not children of bodom then who the fucka was that i still have the song the vocals and everything are so much like children o fbodom do some research on that guys also see if deep purple did that i have that one too 
0.5652353
fuck

:::::::: i wasn't aware that peer-reviewed studies with minimal to no methodological flaws ( you know .. what the page i linked is citing ) constitute biased sources . * restrains self from becoming extremely sarcastic *
0.1361235
i wasnt aware that peerreviewed studies with minimal to no methodological flaws you know what the page i linked is citing constitute biased sources restrains self from becoming extremely sarrcastic 
0.10957837
sarcastic

