: i do not believe that she is ever referred to this in the movie . there is a scene where one of syndrome's henchmen calls her little miss disappear , which is probably where this came from . = = safari = = this page will cause safari to crash on my systems . further accounts are probably needed to confirm this to be systemic .
0.07838307
i do not believe that she is ever referred to this in the movie there is a scene where one of syndromes henchmen calls her little miss disappear which is probably where this came from safari this page will cause safari to crcash on my systems further accounts are probably needed to confirm this to be systemic 
0.051828466
crash

would it make sense , then , to include a line in the article that says : : although stronach's political career has been entirely within conservative political parties , one contributor to wikipedia believes strongly that she is a social democrat and that she will leave the conservative party to join the ndp . would that keep you happy , michaelm ? that seems to be a pretty fair depiction of the situtation here . the trouble is that this is not the wikipedia style . the wikipedia style is to report facts . where a contentious matter is at debate , sometimes articles will use words like , some people believe that .... this is officially discouraged . and the problem here is that we cannot say that some people believe this since it is only you . sorry , pal , but you're not going to win this one until stronach herself says something about her social democratic beliefs .
0.067575514
would it make sense then to include a line in the article that says although stronachs political career has been entirely within conservative political parties one contributor to wikipedia believes strongly that she is a social democrat and that she will leave the conservative party to join the nzdp would that keep you happy michaelm that seems to be a pretty fair depiction of the situtation here the trouble is that this is not the wikipedia style the wikipedia style is to report facts where a contentious matter is at debate sometimes articles will use words like some people believe that this is officially discouraged and the problem here is that we cannot say that some people believe this since it is only you sorry pal but youre not going to win this one until stronach herself says something about her social democratic beliefs 
0.041090082
ndp

hello and welcome to wikipedia ! here are some tips to help you get started : * try the tutorial , and feel free to experiment in the test area . * if you need help , post a question at the help desk * eventually , you might want to read the manual of style and policies and guidelines . * remember wikipedia : neutral point of view * explore , be bold in editing pages , and , most importantly , have fun ! good luck ! ]] p.s. one last helpful hint . to sign your posts like i did above ( on talk pages , for example ) use the ' ~ ' symbol . to insert just your name , type ~~~ ( 3 tildes ) , or , to insert your name and timestamp , use ~~~~ ( 4 tildes ) .
0.011680034
hello and welcome to wikipedia here are some tips to help you get started try the tutorial and feel free to experiment in the test area if you need help post a question at the help desk eventually you might want to read the manual of style and poliecies and guidelines remember wikipedia neutral point of view explore be bold in editing pages and most importantly have fun good luck ps one last helpful hint to sign your posts like i did above on talk pages for example use the symbol to insert just your name type 3 tildes or to insert your name and timestamp use 4 tildes 
0.007368612
policies

:::: you are copying one-sided ( israeli ) material from palestine facts and jewish virtual library soon after he left , outbreaks of stone throwing occured on the temple mount and in the vicinity , leaving 28 israeli policemen injured , three of whom were hospitalized ; no palestinians were injured in these incidents . other sources paint a completely different picture : on september 29 , the israeli army increased its presence in jerusalem and began intimidating the palestinians . when the muslims attempt to enter al-aqsa for prayers they were barred and later israeli forces opened fire at the civilian demonstrators , including children , killing 6 and wounding 220 . in the first few days of the intifada , the idf fired about 700,000 bullets in the west bank , and 300,000 in gaza . in the first six days of the intifada , 61 palestinians were killed by israeli forces and 2,657 were injured , many of them children . at the same time four israelis were killed , with 35 wounded . . why are the names of israeli soldiers like david biri and yossi tabaji more important than the names of the numerous arab civilian victims ? this is a subtle form of racism where one side is humanized with names and the other is dehumanized as a faceless number of casualties .
0.05831242
you are copying onesided israeli material from palestine facts and jewish virtual library soon after he left outbreaks of stone throwing occured on the temple mount and in the vicinity leaving 28 israeli policemen injured three of whom were hospitalized no palestinians were injured in these incidents other sources paint a completely different picture on september 29 the israeli army increased its presence in jerusalem and began intimidating the palestinians when the muslims attempt to enter alaqsa for prayers they were barred and later israeli forces opened fire at the civilian demonstrators including children kfilling 6 and wounding 220 in the first few days of the intifada the idf fired about 700000 bullets in the west bank and 300000 in gaza in the first six days of the intifada 61 palestinians were killed by israeli forces and 2657 were injured many of them children at the same time four israelis were killed with 35 wounded why are the names of israeli soldiers like david biri and yossi tabaji more important than the names of the numerous arab civilian victims this is a subtle form of racism where one side is humanized with names and the other is dehumanized as a faceless number of casualties 
0.055343002
killing

: look at the way they hog these articles as if they own them ! they delete everything that comes from editors not in their in-group on sight then demand that outsiders meet their terms before they will agree to edit it back in for us . jimbo would be rolling over in his grave - if he was dead yet .
0.34934017
look at the way they hog these articles as if they own them they delete everything that comes from editors not in their ingroup on sight then demand that outsiders meet their terms before they will agree to edit it back in for us jimbo would be rolling over in his gsrave if he was dead yet 
0.32147604
grave

welcome ! hello , and welcome to wikipedia . thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are a few good links for newcomers : * how to edit a page * editing tutorial * picture tutorial * how to write a great article * naming conventions * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! by the way , you can sign your name on talk and vote pages using three tildes , like this : ~ naodw29-nowiki115af94346d3ee5700000001 ~ . four tildes ( ~ naodw29-nowiki115af94346d3ee5700000002 ~~) produces your name and the current date . if you have any questions , see the help pages , add a question to the village pump or ask me on my talk page . again , welcome ! -
0.008703322
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here nare a few good links for newcomers how to edit a page editing tutorial picture tutorial how to write a great article naming conventions manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian by the way you can sign your name on talk and vote pages using three tildes like this naodw29nowiki115af94346d3ee5700000001 four tildes naodw29nowiki115af94346d3ee5700000002 produces your name and the current date if you have any questions see the help pages add a question to the village pump or ask me on my talk page again welcome 
0.008305129
are

:: this all sounds good , although i'd be happier if the indo-european stuff stuck around as a section . most of the readers of en . wikipedia do in fact speak one or more indo-european languages and many of them are young people on school assignment , who may want some concrete examples . of course making the article a more complete survey of tense in general , in all known languages , is a big yes . and if the english has no future people will kindly settle down and argue in the english grammar pages , i won't object to removing the crap i added for them . :: let's not throw out the baby with the bathwater is all . ::
0.15832299
this all sounds good although id be happier if the indoeuropean stuff stuck around as a section most of the readers of en wikipedia do in fact speak one or more indoeuropean languages and many of them are young people on school assignment who may want some concrete examples of course making the article a more complete survey of tense in general in all known languages is a big yes and if the english has no future people will kindly settle down and argue in the english grammar pages i wont object to removing the cdrap i added for them lets not throw out the baby with the bathwater is all 
0.04490547
crap

the name tajik no more implies a lack of connection with persian than the name cockney implies a lack of connection to english . -
0.105549306
the name tajik no more implies a lauk of connection with persian than the name cockney implies a lackq of connection to english 
0.057430018
lack

:: some people do not like pictures of palestinian children killed by jews but they do not say why ? they want to hide the pictures from wikipedia readers . is there a good reason ?
0.21149506
some people do not like pictures of palestinian children ukilled by jews but they do not say why they want to hide the pictures from wikipedia readers is there a good reason 
0.13407275
killed

::::::: 1 . you do not have to read through dozens of pages of comments . you merely have to read the phrase anti-islamic cut and past [ sic ] troll and use the process of rational thought to come to the logical conclusion that this constitutes a personal attack , and that personal attacks are in direct violation of wikipedia policy and can be deleted on sight . please answer the very simple question : is the phrase anti-islamic cut and past [ sic ] troll a personal attack or is it not a personal attack ? ::::::: 2 . what does wikipedia : requests for arbitration/ 168.209.97.34 have anything to do with any of this ? pename
0.1511057
1 you do not have to read through dozens of pages of comments you merely have to read the phrase antiislamic cut and past sic tro l and use the process of rational thought to come to the logical conclusion that this constitutes a personal attack and that personal attacks are in direct violation of wikipedia policy and can be deleted on sight please answer the very simple question is the phrase antiislamic cut and past sic toroll a personal attack or is it not a personal attack 2 what does wikipedia requests for arbitration 1682099734 have anything to do with any of this pename 
0.122277096
troll

= = collin powell is going to the region = = somebody write about collin powwell and jeb bush going to the area
0.050070424
collin powell is ging to the region somebody write about collin powwell and jeb bush gboing to the area 
0.03794691
going

= = hoefler text = = i searched for the hoefler text font with no results . could you please tell me where can i download it ? thanks . iron bishop
0.05052008
hoefler text i seaqrched for the hoefler text font with no results could you please tell me where can i download it thanks iron bishop 
0.03728394
searched

= = user #24 . 168.66.27 , please don't delete my posts . that is very rude . = = the following was deleted by user #24 . 168.66.27 this morning . why would he delete this post , i wonder : if anyone is curious , in the interests of creating a npov article about surrealism , it should be noticed that both user #63 . 169.104.2 and user #24 . 168.66.27 were the main users interested in pushing the keith wigdor article forward . if you have any doubts , then check the discussion page for that article . it wasn't long ago that all references to keith wigdor were removed from this surrealism article . this removal occured because of wigdor's total unimportance to the surrealist movement , for the simple reason that keith wigdor is , at best , an emerging digital artist who fancies himself as a being a surrealist , and who has many times attempted to pose as a surrealist . needless to say , many of the english-speaking surrealist groups listed on this page know about him and refuse to have anything to do with him . keith wigdor appears again and again to disrupt all things genuinely surrealist . it is also interesting to note , if you check the discussion archives of this surrealism article , that these same 2 users were also involved with promoting keith wigdor as a surrealist , in this very article . also , if you look at some of the recent , belligerent , trollish , thike-ish posts of these 2 users , it shouldn't be unreasonable to suspect that perhaps both of these 2 ip numbers are being used by keith wigdor . for the 2 no-name users mentioned here , who are strongly associated with or strongly correlated with the antics of keith wigdor , it is difficult to imagine that their efforts in building this wiki article will be anything but disruptive and manipulative in the long run . please treat these 2 users with extreme caution , for they are one and the same , and also happen to be keith wigdor , who is playing a sock-puppet game .
0.10013769
user 24 1686627 please dont delete my posts that is very ryude the following was deleted by user 24 1686627 this morning why would he delete this post i wonder if anyone is curious in the interests of creating a npov article about surrealism it should be noticed that both user 63 1691042 and user 24 1686627 were the main users interested in pushing the keith wigdor article forward if you have any doubts then check the discussion page for that article it wasnt long ago that all references to keith wigdor were removed from this surrealism article this removal occured because of wigdors total unimportance to the surrealist movement for the simple reason that keith wigdor is at best an emerging digital artist who fancies himself as a being a surrealist and who has many times attempted to pose as a surrealist needless to say many of the englishspeaking surrealist groups listed on this page know about him and refuse to have anything to do with him keith wigdor appears again and again to disrupt all things genuinely surrealist it is also interesting to note if you check the discussion archives of this surrealism article that these same 2 users were also involved with promoting keith wigdor as a surrealist in this very article also if you look at some of the recent belligerent trollish thikeish posts of these 2 users it shouldnt be unreasonable to suspect that perhaps both of these 2 ip numbers are being used by keith wigdor for the 2 noname users mentioned here who are strongly associated with or strongly correlated with the antics of keith wigdor it is difficult to imagine that their efforts in building this wiki article will be anything but disruptive and manipulative in the long run please treat these 2 users with extreme caution for they are one and the same and also happen to be keith wigdor who is playing a sockpuppet game 
0.07246071
rude

weed , are there any specific issues you have with the draft on the /temp page ? -
0.122535646
weedb are there any specific issues you have with the draft on the temp page 
0.028220639
weed

