mark , you now call yourself wizzy ... on this same page lagos .. i have found more than one website with google ads ... and external links .. and some have pop up . the page in question does not have pop up ... here are the list .. check them all out and delete them too .. and i would search all of wiki .. with the same google ad and external links , and delete them , i say like 7 million pages . and delete them ... and do me , a favour delete them too ... the problem with you mark , you like to win an agrument , i have seen that more than 3 other people have discuss with you on the same topic ... and because you do not want to be a loser , which you are , you keep on , deleting the links .. grow up ... sometime , you do not win .. so call wizzy , see mark contribution .. here are links with google ad and popo on the page .. let see if you would delete them ... the guardian vanguard online edition - news from nigeria this day online ot africa line - nigeria page ot africa line - lagos port statistics africa travelling - lagos culture esource nigeria sports world stadiums - nigeria
0.20662235
mark you now call yourself wizzy on this same page lagos i have found more than one website with google ads and external links and some have pop up the page in question does not have pop up here are the list check them all out and delete them too and i would search all of wiki with the same google ad and external links and delete them i say like 7 million pages and delete them and do me a favour delete them too the problem with you mark you like to win an agrument i have seen that more than 3 other people have discuss with you on the same topic and because you do not want to be a loserq which you are you keep on deleting the links grow up sometime you do not win so call wizzy see mark contribution here are links with google ad and popo on the page let see if you would delete them the guardian vanguard online edition news from nigeria this day online ot africa line nigeria page ot africa line lagos port statistics africa travelling lagos culture esource nigeria sports world stadiums nigeria 
0.0890987
loser

apperently , i read that pluto is the leader of the outer senshi , as she is supposed to have said so in episode 171 , though i have not got this far in the the series yet . however , in the manga , minako really is leader of the four the senshi that protect the princess , or so i've read here : http://www.rahul.net/arromdee/sm.faq.4 17:10 , 15/03/06
0.012543868
apperently i read that pluto si the leader of the outer senshi as she i supposed to have said so in episode 171 though i have not got this far in the the series yet however in the manga minako really sis leader of the four the senshi that protect the princess or so ive read here httpwwwrahulnetarromdeesmfaq4 1710 150306 
0.01233807
is

this is my page fuckers so i can say what i want . fuck you drini and naconkantari ... i hope you enjoy your scheduled raping . p.s. done a head count lately ?
0.9727796
this is my page fuckers so i can say what i want fuckm you drini and naconkantari i hope you enjoy your scheduled raping ps done a head count lately 
0.9525576
fuck

:: you know how to request a citation . you certainly had no problem doing it here . why are you suddenly so hesitant to mark it as needing a citation ?
0.10954169
you know how to request a citation you certainly  had no problem doing it here why are you suddenly so hesitant to mark it as needing a citation 
0.104661785
had

recent edit 1 . moved the hariakhan baba paragraph above post-yogananda claims . according to that entry hariakhan baba taught from 1860 ( before paramahansa yogananda was born ) to 1924 ( before the publication of the autobiography of a yogi in 1946 ) . people accepted and revered hariakhan baba as the babaji since pre-yogananda times . the timing of his appearance also coincides with lahiri mahasaya's kriya yoga initiation from babaji ( 1861 ) . 2 . corrected a minor spelling error from hari dasa to hari dass . 3 . added roy eugene davis ' name and book as support for the mahavatar babaji/hariakhan baba theory . basically , to show that there is someone from the lineage of the author of autobiography of a yogi who agrees with dass and ( mahendra ) baba's conclusion . roy eugene davis was ordained by paramahansa yogananda himself in 1951 . so , for someone like him to agree that this hariakhan baba is the same as the mahavatar babaji mentioned by his master and venerated by all legitimate kriyabans from the lahiri lineage is not a light matter . 4 . added sidhoji rao shithole's legal and proper name .
0.008309289
recent edit 1 moved the hariakhan baba paragraph above postyogananda claims according to that entry hariakhan baba taught from 1860 before paramahansa yogananda was born to 1924 before the publication of the autobiography of a yogi in 1946 people accepted and revered hariakhan baba as the babaji since preyogananda times the timing of his appearance also coincides with lahiri mahasayas kriya yoga initiation from babaji 1861 2 corrected a minor spelling error from hari dasa to hari dass 3 added roy eugene davis name and book as support for the mahavatar babajihariakhan baba theory basically to show that there is someone from the lineage of the author of autobiography of a yogi who agrees with dass and mahendra babas conclusion roy eugene davis was ordainzed by paramahansa yogananda himself in 1951 so for someone like him to agree that this hariakhan baba is the same as the mahavatar babaji mentioned by his master and venerated by all legitimate kriyabans from the lahiri lineage is not a light matter 4 added sidhoji rao shitholes legal and proper name 
0.0080533745
ordained

i have been observing this dispute for some time and i must admit , until now only because it amused me . metta bubble , i believe the problem here is that you started by advocating that user 66 be given a break and then repeatedly told him that as a result of his efforts , i believe this strategy will result in you getting blocked for being a dick . i know you were probably trying to avoid making a personal judgment yourself , but by not making your views clear on this ( i.e. , ' i personally don't believe you are a dick ' ; or , ' i believe this would be the right thing to do ' ) you made your views clear by omission . it's really hard to blame user 66 for suddenly being upset with you . did not the buddha say , when they meet a sorrowful man , they should lament the bitterness of this ever-changing world ? user 66 is clearly confused and sorrowful about wiki and was hoping for more of a constant in his advocate . you have to admit , whatever you think of his approach , the ethnicity section does read a lot better because of his efforts . peace . ****
0.51747733
i have been observing this dispute for some time and i must admit until now only because it amused me metta bubble i believe the problem here is that you started by advocating that user 66 be given a break and then repeatedly told him that as a result of his efforts i believe this strategy will result in you getting blocked for being a dicck i know you were probably trying to avoid making a personal judgment yourself but by not making your views clear on this ie i personally dont believe you are a dictk or i believe this would be the right thing to do you made your views clear by omission its really hard to blame user 66 for suddenly being upset with you did not the buddha say when they meet a sorrowful man they should lament the bitterness of this everchanging world user 66 is clearly confused and sorrowful about wiki and was hoping for more of a constant in his advocate you have to admit whatever you think of his approach the ethnicity section does read a lot better because of his efforts peace 
0.12260193
dick

: i feel honoured that you took time out of your busy cocksucking schedule to leave this little message for me . not that i'm going to listen to a guy who likes taking it up the ass dry .
0.730008
i feel honoured that you took time out of your busy cocksucking schedule to leave this little message for me not that im going to listen to a guy who likes taking it up the assd dry 
0.4069405
ass

= = formating on my talk page = = thank you for formating my talk page , but if you could get the two vertical templates to show to the right of the toc and without the white background that would be perfect !
0.06417391
formating on my talk page thank you for formating my talk page but if you could get the two vertical templates to show to the right of the toc and without the wnhite background that would be perfect 
0.026933685
white

: thanks for working on it . as much as i appreciate the work ( which i appreciate a lot ) , i am not too crazy over the layout . i did the design on word , and if you send me your e-mail address(mine is osbus11@yahoo.com ) , i can send you the doc .
0.04173559
thanks for working on it as much as i appreciate the work which i appreciate a lot i am not too crazry over the layout i did the design on word and if you send me your email addressmine is osbus11yahoocom i can send you the doc 
0.027701171
crazy

regarding your comment ( and series of edits ) an encyclopedia is no place for pornography , i would like to point out that wikipedia is not censored for the protection of minors . while many would object to a porn gallery ( which would certainly not be encyclopedic ) , some pornographic images have a place on this project , particularly in cases where adult entertainment is one of the things a subject is notable for . | | ( contribs )
0.06035292
regarding your comment and series of edits an encyclopedia is no place for pornography i would like to point out that wikipedia is not censored for the protection of minors while many would object to a pdorn gallery which would certainly not be encyclopedic some pornographic images have a place on this project particularly in cases where adult entertainment is one of the things a subject is notable for contribs 
0.049307387
porn

:: the second of the two images was the one with the dubious copyright . it was the comments to 128 i was referring to , but the actress didn't specify exactly which image she was commenting on . however the second is off some random website , so i'm confident it shouldn't be on the commons , let alone even considered fair use .
0.01487565
the second of the two images was the one with the dubious copyright it was the comments to 128 i was referring to but the actress didnt specify exactly which image she was rcommenting on however the second is off some random website so im confident it shouldnt be on the commons let alone even considered fair use 
0.014215682
commenting

yes , i totally agree . i think for now we should focus in writing a balanced , complete page for primal diet , with a subsection on aajonus vonderplanitz . once that is there aqnd stable we could consider having a page for av himself . there are many important people in the raf who are absent from wikipedia . just think of edward howell whose effect on raw food diets is way more wider than av , and is so largely recognised , and still is completely absent . i think this shows a lack of clear sightedness on the part of wikipedia that is regrettable . i am actually working on a neutral version of the primal diet page in my space . nyou are absolutely welcome to come and join , and help , and then help when they will try to shoot it down again . the page is at :
0.032894824
yes i totally agree i think for now we should focus in writing a balanced complete page for primal diet with a subsection on aajonus vonderplanitz once that is there aqnd stable we could consider having a page for av himself there are many important people in the raf who are absent from wikipedia just think of edward howell whose effect on raw food diets is way more wider than av and is so largely recognised and still is completely absent i think this shows a lack of clear sightedness on the part of wikipedia that is regrettable i am actually working on a neutral version of the primal diet page in my space nyou are absolutely welcome to come and join and help and then help when they will try to shonot it down again the page is at 
0.01807157
shoot

= = list of starfleet officers by rank = = since you have better resource than myself you may want to add personalities that appeared on screen to this list . i know many vice admirals appeared on screen after the motion picture . ) |@
0.012418872
list of starfleet officers by rank since you have better resource than myself you may want to add personalities that appeared on screen to this list i know many vice admeirals appeared on screen after the motion picture 
0.01185087
admirals

= = hello violingirl = = hey there , this is daniel , lurking about as an ip as i have been doing more and more often these days , the next step would be a proper return from break . ) how are you doing ? what is the current exam situation ? i noticed that i failed to answer a question of yours in your last message ... yes i have been to the us , in fall 2000 , really beautiful . i spent most of my time in pennsylvania and new jersey , and in new york state , visiting nyc was really incredible ... i also had the oppurtunity to go sightseeing in dc , smithsonian and all ) . anyway , i hope your weekend has been great and that all is well with you . cheers
0.03577311
hello violingirl hey there this is daniel lurking about as an ip as i have been doing more and more often these days the next step would be a proper return from break how are you doing what is the current exam situation i noticed that i ftailed to answer a question of yours in your last message yes i have been to the us in fall 2000 really beautiful i spent most of my time in pennsylvania and new jersey and in new york state visiting nyc was really incredible i also had the oppurtunity to go sightseeing in dc smithsonian and all anyway i hope your weekend has been great and that all is well with you cheers 
0.027477914
failed

= = please provide ample evidence before you give out warnings = = you have already been blocked once for wikistalking , please don't threaten , or even suggest that i have done something wrong by deleting unsourced information ... you referenced an american professor i need a source from geber's original text , unless you have this source , we have no choice but no revert unsourced sections . read wp : nor
0.17601769
please provide ample evidence before you give out warnings you have already been blocked once for wikistalking please dont threatewn or even suggest that i have done something wrong by deleting unsourced information you referenced an american professor i need a source from gebers original text unless you have this source we have no choice but no revert unsourced sections read wp nor 
0.14390942
threaten

