= = situation = = i've dfollowed your advice to post a note to wp : an/i about the behavior of . but it seems that i am in position of defence now .
0.052954827
situation ive dfollowed your advice to post a note to wp ani about the behxavior of but it seems that i am in position of defence now 
0.041823126
behavior

i think it is a disgrace and irresponsible on the part of the user ( cliffc ) to delete the changes i made last week in attempt to correct this totally incorrect article that has now returned to wikipedia in its original incorrect format . i'd like to see what qualifications cliffc has as a journalist ( i would guess none by reading his work ) , but we'll never know , as he's too cowardly to post an email address so i can ask . i spent years researching the haunted castle , and have published an award-winning documentary on the subject , so how could it be unverifiable ? all of my information was cited as such . this user should stop making changes to this article , as it clear he has no idea at all what he's talking about , as the current article looks like a child wrote it , and is totally incorrect in many areas . ( posted by pete smith , haunted castle researcher and author)popartpete
0.18114203
i think it is a disgrace and irresponsible on the part of the user cliffc to delete the changes i made last week in attempt to correct this totally incorrect article that has now returned to wikipedia in its original incorrect format id like to see what qualifications cliffc has as a journalist i would guess none by reading his work but well never know as hes too cowarmdly to post an email address so i can ask i spent years researching the haunted castle and have published an awardwinning documentary on the subject so how could it be unverifiable all of my information was cited as such this user should stop making changes to this article as it clear he has no idea at all what hes talking about as the current article looks like a child wrote it and is totally incorrect in many areas posted by pete smith haunted castle researcher and authorpopartpete 
0.119683325
cowardly

original poster , i know eaxactley what you're talking about . this loser whats wiki to roll around a ball of perfection . if i want to the hitler board and said he hated jews , this idiot will probably ask for a resource . - goldstann
0.82828623
original poster i know eaxactley what youre talking about this loser whats wiki to roll around a ball of perfection if i want to the hitler board and said he hated jews this uidiot will probably ask for a resource goldstann 
0.63318145
idiot

= = choosing the name ? = = should it be mentioned somewhere that the name was chosen by picking a random word in the dictionary . i think it was either bellew or solomon that did it .
0.035987232
choosing the name should it be mentioned somewhere that the name was chosen by picking a random word in the dictionaryv i think it was either bellew or solomon that did it 
0.032551184
dictionary

= = title ? = = isn't the correct title hoodwinked ! ( with the exclaimation point ) ? that's how it's shown in the beginning of the actual film .
0.07765219
title isnt the correct title hoodwinkedb with the exclaimation point thats how its shown in the beginning of the actual film 
0.019255351
hoodwinked

:: if you look here in my dicussion page , there is not one single warning given to me by any administrator . but you clearly see that my ethnic and religion is stated in the top . this could mean that somebody don't like my ethnic or my religion and use this as a way to punish me harsher than other users who keep their ethnics and religion secret . i always proudly state my ethnic and religion , and everyone else may do the same without any fear .
0.07279536
if you look here in my dicussion page there is not one single warning given to me by any administrator but you clearly see that my ethnic and religion is stated in the top this could mean that somebody dont like my ethnic or my religion and use this as a way to punisih me harsher than other users who keep their ethnics and religion secret i always proudly state my ethnic and religion and everyone else may do the same without any fear 
0.057560805
punish

also , electioneering is generally frowned upon here at wikipedia . for that reason , i probably won't run off to , say , the carl sagan article and ask them all to support my view of things .
0.1019965
also elesctioneering is generally frowned upon here at wikipedia for that reason i probably wont run off to say the carl sagan article and ask them all to support my view of things 
0.037257664
electioneering

= = biased/opinionated statements = = this page is being repeatedly attacked by crazed fans of michael jackson . an administrator should block users who continue to add their own two cents to this page . i have , for the second time , made this article neutral . if this continues , this page should be blocked from being edited .
0.11267152
biasedopinionated statements this page is being repeatedly attacked by crazbed fans of michael jackson an administrator should block users who continue to add their own two cents to this page i have for the second time made this article neutral if this continues this page should be blocked from being edited 
0.095627725
crazed

please do not replace wikipedia pages with blank content . blank pages are harmful to wikipedia because they have a tendency to confuse readers . if it is a duplicate article , please redirect it to an appropriate existing page . if the page has been vandalised , please revert it to the last legitimate version . if you feel that the content of a page is inappropriate , please edit the page and replace it with appropriate content . if you believe there is no hope for the page , please see the deletion policy for how to proceed .
0.05484397
please do not replace wikipedia pages with blank content blank pages are harmful to wikipedia because they have a tendency to confuse readers if it is a duplicate article please redirect it to an appropriate existing page if the page has been vandalised please revert it to the last legitimate version if you feel that the content of a page is iynappropriate please edit the page and replace it with appropriate content if you believe there is no hope for the page please see the deletion policy for how to proceed 
0.041528814
inappropriate

= = proposed deletions = = i answered your query on my talk page . i think you may want to read the article wp : prod as it clearly explains the criteria for prod . you will note , there are 3 methods of deletion : * 1 speedy , which has strict criteria as it is the most powerful , * 2 afd which involves a mandatory 5 day discussion during which time no user is permitted to remove the afd notice * 3prod by far the weakest proposal for deletion as any editor may remove the tag and the article may not be tagged again with the prod template . the deletion proposal ends at the hand of one editor . any editor may end the proposal during the minimum 5 day waiting period . my perspective , if it's not verifiable it shouldn't be in an encyclopedia . i would rather read a stub that has sources than a large detailed article that provides no evidence . as an editor it's my choice if i want to try and improve an article or flag it for someone else to consider . please respect my freedom to choose .
0.07335156
proposed deletions i answered your query on my talk page i think you may want to read the article wp prod as it clearly explains the criteria for prod you will note there are 3 methods of deletion 1 speedy which has strict criteria as it is the most powerful 2 afd which involves a mandatory 5 day discussion during which time no user is permitted to remove the afd notice 3prod by far the weak est proposal for deletion as any editor may remove the tag and the article may not be tagged again with the prod template the deletion proposal ends at the hand of one editor any editor may end the proposal during the minimum 5 day waiting period my perspective if its not verifiable it shouldnt be in an encyclopedia i would rather read a stub that has sources than a large detailed article that provides no evidence as an editor its my choice if i want to try and improve an article or flag it for someone else to consider please respect my freedom to choose 
0.022211831
weakest

= = serial experiments lain = = hi ! i see you don't mind copy edit requests , and i read that you're real good at it . serial experiments lain is not yet of excellent quality , but it's going through fac , and its prose is the main grief held against it . would you mind having a look to see how it can improve ? that would be most appreciated .
0.024819687
serial experiments lain hi i see you dont mind copy edit requests and i read that youre real good at it serial experiments lain si not yet of excellent quality but its going through fac and its prose bis the main grief held against it would you mind having a look to see how it can improve that would be most appreciated 
0.019496005
is

::: in the end i partly came round to your pov and changed it to something more neutral , avoiding the provocative c word .
0.032675058
in the end i partly came round to your pov and changed it to something more neutral avoiding the provodcative c word 
0.028884016
provocative

