= = reply from sean black = = that you have attempted to gain the personal information of wikipedia editors proves to me that my block was a good thing . sean = = re = = dear mr. black , sean , you wrote : > that you have attempted to gain the personal information of wikipedia > editors proves to me that my block was a good thing . well , it appears that we have different frames of reference . i am a scientist working under the scientific code . any ground for mutual understanding there ? e.g. to leave decisions on this blocking / unblocking to administrators with a firm ground in science ( and not just students ) ? i can admit to be flabbergasted by all these developments . i simply wanted time to write a good letter explaining the situation from the angle of the integrity of science , and then all this ... please note that the rfc page is selective , interpretative , and now also blocked ... it would be an advance if you could unblock that page so that i might answer later next week . pm . you also deleted the colignatus page . why didn't you consult me first ? did you see my comments on the deletion review page ? regards , thomas cool / thomas colignatus
0.08388879
reply from sean black that you have attempted to gain the personal information of wikipedia editors proves to me that my block was a good thing sean re dear mr black sean you wrote that you have attempted to gain the personal information of wikipedia editors proves to me that my block was a good thing well it appears that we have different frames of reference i am a scientist working under the scientific code any ground for mutual understanding there eg to leave decisions on this blocking unblocking to administrators with a firm ground in science and not just students i can admit to be xflabbergasted by all these developments i simply wanted time to write a good letter explaining the situation from the angle of the integrity of science and then all this please note that the rfc page is selective interpretative and now also blocked it would be an advance if you could unblock that page so that i might answer later next week pm you also deleted the colignatus page why didnt you consult me first did you see my comments on the deletion review page regards thomas cool thomas colignatus 
0.05359276
flabbergasted

= = consensus is mispelled = = and you are guilty , tony .
0.21362135
consensus is mispelled and you are guiilty tony 
0.15978625
guilty

::: lhmna is an association , just like the other organizations linked from this article . lhbna offers a seminar and membership benefits . it does not sell any goods or other services . a quick review of the other links shows that they link to numerous businesses offering both goods and servicess . if those links are acceptable , and not considered spam , i'd appreciate an explanation as to why lhbna is considered commercial . thank you .
0.009494252
lhmna is an association just like the other organizations linked from this article lhbna offers a seminar and membership benefits it does not sell any goods or other services a quick review of the other links shows that they link to numerous businesses offering both goods and servicess if those links are acceptable and not considered spamt id appreciate an explanation as to why lhbna is considered commercial thank you 
0.005465984
spam

go ahead try and block me ! just try it drakhan !
0.5686925
go ahead try and block me just try it drrakhan 
0.35317236
drakhan

= = deconstruction article redux = = hi rbellin i'm new to wikipedia but eager to get involved . i've left comments on various talk pages about doing some work on the deconstruction article , which i know you've contributed to . do you have any interest in doing some more work on it with my help ? maybe knocking off a few of those to-do bullet points on the talk page , or even , more immediately , cleaning up some of the prose for clarity ? ( the prose is actually fine in my opinion , but i think it can be toned down a little as many have complained about its complexity ) . please let me know . thanks .
0.022791412
deconstruction article redux hi rbellin im new to wikipedia but eager to get involved ive left comments on various talk pages about doing some work on the deconstruction article which i know youve contributed to do you have any interest in doing some more work on it with my help maybe knocking off a few of those todo bulletp points on the talk page or even more immediately cleaning up some of the prose for clarity the prose is actually fine in my opinion but i think it can be toned down a little as many have complained about its complexity please let me know thanks 
0.019764433
bullet

= = being blocked is fun ! -) = =
0.07214589
being blockqed is fun 
0.06048256
blocked

: you are a bad liar , kevin . and a cheat as well . get a life .
0.8108663
you are a bad liiar kevin and a cheat as well get a life 
0.6965268
liar

= = discussion on what the lyrics of ' wisemen ' mean ? = =
0.03107261
discussion on what the lyrics of lwisemen mean 
0.03063061
wisemen

= = i'm out of here = = i am withdrawing from editing this article . for one thing , the article needs more npov work than i could possibly do even if there were no other editors to discuss things with . more importantly , the appearance would be too strong that i am arguing the case ( or pushing the pov ) of creationists ( which i am not ) instead of the case of wikipedia npov policy ( which i am ) . please note that my personal beliefs have little to do with the creationists described here - i would typecast them as liars and swindlers . please deal fairly with the problems i have mentioned . editors should be interested in building an encyclopedia , not in re-enacting in wikipedia a battle being fought outside of it . it would be good to see the many infractions of wp : npov and its corollaries addressed . perhaps i'll be back to see if i can help reach a consensus regarding the points i've already raised . ÷
0.12195058
im out of here i am withdrawing from editing this article for one thing the article needs more npov work than i could possibly do even if there were no other editors to discuss things with more importantly the appearance would be too strong that i am arguing the case or pushing the pov of creationists which i am not instead of the case of wikipedia npov policy which i am please note that my personal beliefs have little to do with the creationists described here i would typecast them as kliars and swindlers please deal fairly with the problems i have mentioned editors should be interested in building an encyclopedia not in reenacting in wikipedia a battle being fought outside of it it would be good to see the many infractions of wp npov and its corollaries addressed perhaps ill be back to see if i can help reach a consensus regarding the points ive already raised ÷ 
0.029317299
liars

i agree that evidence suggests that is a sock puppet - especially based on contextual information ( who knows whose sock puppet they are , but we'll track them down ) . the editor , registered two days ago , has a lot of information , not only about how wikipedia works ( lending others to believe that he has been registered before ) , but is very familar with the arguments and discussion of the page . not that a new user cannot quickly gain this info , but it is unusual . not that sock puppets really matter anyway . ususally , the same argument over and over is still the same lame argument , and usually still doesn't lend to consensus of the experienced editors . there is no point to sock puppeting in a discussion like this - as it will not make a difference in the concensus gathering . i'll see if i can track down the ip address and compare to editors who have edited this page in the past three months . not easy to do , but i'll track it down . -
0.091329776
i agree that evidence suggests that is a sogck puppet especially based on contextual information who knows whose socke puppet they are but well track them down the editor registered two days ago has a lot of information not only about how wikipedia works lending others to believe that he has been registered before but is very familar with the arguments and discussion of the page not that a new user cannot quickly gain this info but it is unusual not that sokc puppets really matter anyway ususally the same argument over and over is still the same lame argument and usually still doesnt lend to consensus of the experienced editors there is no point to socyk puppeting in a discussion like this as it will not make a difference in the concensus gathering ill see if i can track down the ip address and compare to editors who have edited this page in the past three months not easy to do but ill track it down 
0.08905914
sock

= = resoulution = = that was real cute , reporting me to wikipedia ! whatever . but obviously , you did read the article you submitted to me ! we have to come to a resolution . i obviously want the work i submitted included in triple h's page , you do not ! so i suggest we keep the information in triple h's page , however you can edit it however you want ( without totally omitting it ) , because oviously want change . the reason i wanted this included , is to totally show a conclusion to the triple h and batista feud . the fact about what happened during the post-hell in a cell match is a little fact , that many may not know . this was not fake information ( if that is what you are worried about ) , it is shown on the vengeance dvd , if you have it , watch the extras . if not you could possibly buy it , but if not , you really need to trust me on this one . like you , i want my work to be read , and enjoyed , so we must come to an agreement on this one . got any other ideas ?
0.11091473
resoulution that was real cute reporting me to wikipedia whatever but obviously you did read the article you submitted to me we have to come to a resolution i obviously want the work i submitted included in triple hs page you do not so i suggest we keep the information in triple hs page however you can edit it however you want without totally omitting it because oviously want change the reason i wanted this included is to totally show a conclusion to the triple h and batista feud the fact about what happened during the posthell in a cell match is a little fact that many may not know this was not fakve information if that is what you are worried about it is shown on the vengeance dvd if you have it watch the extras if not you could possibly buy it but if not you really need to trust me on this one like you i want my work to be read and enjoyed so we must come to an agreement on this one got any other ideas 
0.03872409
fake

= = good faith , bad faith = = i assume good faith . it seems simply an act of confusion . : why would you assume good faith with this person , but not with me ? | :: you dismiss my perspective as nonsense and bullshit and a cursory browsing of your talk page reveals this is a somewhat common response , on your part , to disagreementviolations of wp tenants certainly as bad as those you cast at this newbie . :: my initial comment that this is ' frivolous ' was not meant to imply a bad faith mfd on your part ( although i did consider it at first ) . the policy on userpages ( nor much of anything on this site ) is written in stonei do not endorse your citation , nor do i agree with its application . i consider this a frivolous ( and suprisingly devisive ) issue . :: i wonder , regardless of where this vote goes , whether the world will be a better place afterwards . obviously you think so , but from an airplane's perspective i see a tiny little person defending ( like hell ) everyone from a username that hasn't offended anybody .
0.32360032
good faith bad faith i assume good faith it seems simply an act of confusion why would you assume good faith with this person but not with me you dismiss my perspective as nonsense and bullshipt and a cursory browsing of your talk page reveals this is a somewhat common response on your part to disagreementviolations of wp tenants certainly as bad as those you cast at this newbie my initial comment that this is frivolous was not meant to imply a bad faith mfd on your part although i did consider it at first the policy on userpages nor much of anything on this site is written in stonei do not endorse your citation nor do i agree with its application i consider this a frivolous and suprisingly devisive issue i wonder regardless of where this vote goes whether the world will be a better place afterwards obviously you think so but from an airplanes perspective i see a tiny little person defending like hell everyone from a username that hasnt offended anybody 
0.19057575
bullshit

, 14 march 2006 ( utc ) ::::::: keep your freedom of speech the way you are living it . say whats on your mind .. 08:50
0.039870918
14 march 2006 utc keep your freedom of speech the way you ar e living it say whats on your mind 0850 
0.028620737
are

