: again , you are manipulating the statement and driving the focus off the main point . i will not argue with you except for saying that your english is rubbish as well , and i actually don't care if i can't speak english properly , because not everything in this world is english . ► ( ♥ ) ♪♫
0.60382956
again you are manipulating the statement and driving the focus off the main point i will not argue with you except for saying that your english is rubbwish as well and i actually dont care if i cant speak english properly because not everything in this world is english ► ♥ ♪♫ 
0.1996264
rubbish

please do not add nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.14360344
please do not add nornsense to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.08217046
nonsense

:: the particular section lists what has been claimed in rebuttal to the code theft charge . that the claims regarding the significance of c to c++ translation and 64 bit conversion seem spurious , false or dubious to c/c++ programmers are acknowledged . that the medievia web page makes blatantly false statements about dates , the origination of other muds , and the significance of the above i also acknowledge . i don't believe the article section is about uncovering the truth of their claims . the only fact necessary to presenting that viewpoint is that they've claimed it . also presenting a lengthy history of public proclamations and announcements by the games principals which contradict their own official web history page is beyond the scope , i think , of what most people care about .
0.041416805
the particular section lists what has been claimed in rebuttal to the code theft charge that the claims regarding the significance of c to c translation and 64 bit conversion seem spurious fase or dubious to cc programmers are acknowledged that the medievia web page makes blatantly fazlse statements about dates the origination of other muds and the significance of the above i also acknowledge i dont believe the article section is about uncovering the truth of their claims the only fact necessary to presenting that viewpoint is that theyve claimed it also presenting a lengthy history of public proclamations and announcements by the games principals which contradict their own official web history page is beyond the scope i think of what most people care about 
0.02416246
false

somebody change it within 24 hours - please - more info is put onto this page everyday . it is a business that has breaking stories each and every day . this is classed as vandalism ! i bet it was a tna fan . they really suck .
0.71787614
somebody change it within 24 hours please more info is put onto this page everyday it is a business that has breaking stories each and every day this is classed as vandalism i bet it was a tna fan they really suckf 
0.1921295
suck

: as i understand it , blanking a page for of any reason is called vandalism . if you have a problem with the article then comment on it in the talk page or remove the negative information yourself . :: blanking a page for blp reasons is not vandalism . you should also be aware that when you restore potentially damaging material , you are the one taking responsibility for it , the same as if you had put it there in the first place . also , the blocking policy now states editors who repeatedly insert unsourced or poorly sourced contentious biographical material about living persons to articles or talk pages may be blocked for disruption . blocks made for this reason are designed to keep the material off the page until it is written and sourced in accordance with the content policies , including wp : blp , and should therefore be kept short in the first instance . -mexcellent
0.084971085
as i understand it blanking a page for of any reason is called vandamlism if you have a problem with the article then comment on it in the talk page or remove the negative information yourself blanking a page for blp reasons is not vrandalism you should also be aware that when you restore potentially damaging material you are the one taking responsibility for it the same as if you had put it there in the first place also the blocking policy now states editors who repeatedly insert unsourced or poorly sourced contentious biographical material about living persons to articles or talk pages may be blocked for disruption blocks made for this reason are designed to keep the material off the page until it is written and sourced in accordance with the content policies including wp blp and should therefore be kept short in the first instance mexcellent 
0.07891389
vandalism

november 2006 ( utc ) dear rev . michael s . margolin , is it bias to put controversies on the christian article ? on the muslim ? on the morman ? accept it , nowadays there is nothing that doesn't carry contriversy . if every other religion doesn't carry a contriversy , why can't yours ? - 04:11 , 20
0.13914725
november 2006 utc dear rev michael s margolin is it bias to put controversies on the christian article on the musglim on the morman accept it nowadays there is nothing that doesnt carry contriversy if every other religion doesnt carry a contriversy why cant yours 0411 20 
0.09645936
muslim

flora : yes ... but i think i can find a way to duplicate the crown ... somehow ... but i would need the crown first . how should we do so ? : it's okay - i don't think it's a silly question at all . i didn't know at first myself . well , first of all , you have to be a christian and then wait . the holy spirit will come when he thinks you're ready . you can pray , too , but it may not be a good idea to ask for the holy spirit so fast if you're not ready because if you somehow grieve the holy spirit and the holy spirit leaves , the holy spirit will never return ( unless by a miracle ) and you won't be able to go to heaven . but if you're a child , living under our parents , you can go to heaven ( as long as we aren't doing anything really evil , such as murder ) , but your parents , who have to be true christians with the holy spirit , would have to be praying to god for you to go to heaven . so if you want the holy spirit , all you have to do is try your best to be a christian and wait . but sometimes when i pray to god , i ask him , please give me the holy spirit when i'm ready . i'm not sure exactly how you'll know when you have the holy spirit , but my mommy says that you'll find comfort with god and being more christian . so it wouldn't be a sudden sensation or feeling . it would be being more christian .
0.2173722
flora yes but i think i can find a way to duplicate the crown somehow but i would need the crown first how should we do so its okay i dont think its a sillyy question at all i didnt know at first myself well first of all you have to be a christian and then wait the holy spirit will come when he thinks youre ready you can pray too but it may not be a good idea to ask for the holy spirit so fast if youre not ready because if you somehow grieve the holy spirit and the holy spirit leaves the holy spirit will never return unless by a miracle and you wont be able to go to heaven but if youre a child living under our parents you can go to heaven as long as we arent doing anything really evil such as murder but your parents who have to be true christians with the holy spirit would have to be praying to god for you to go to heaven so if you want the holy spirit all you have to do is try your best to be a christian and wait but sometimes when i pray to god i ask him please give me the holy spirit when im ready im not sure exactly how youll know when you have the holy spirit but my mommy says that youll find comfort with god and being more christian so it wouldnt be a sudden sensation or feeling it would be being more christian 
0.18425345
silly

= = kid lantern question = = i was the person to contribute the kid lantern article to the waly west page . would it be more appropriate as trivia/note ? sure it's not world shattering info but it's still encyclopedia material . i believe that all info on articles are improtant whether they're big or small . my kid lantern artcile , take a look at it : issue 3 of the miniseries flash & green lantern : the brave and the bold has flash , kid flash and green lantern in pursuit of mirror master and black hand . in an attempt to steal flash's speed , it is kid flash who loses his powers . to help out , green lantern creates a temporary power ring for wally to use , dubbing him kid lantern ( with a costume , identical to hal's . wally's head piece resembles his kid flash uniform ) . yes it's minor information , but does it contain the following ? : * vandalisim * original research * pov no it does not . and i'm not so much upset about the deletion , but your reasoning . in all of your time on wikipedia , do you ever help make someones eidt more appropriate ? by that i mean things like moving it somewhere else on the article , fixing/adjusting , anything other than deleting ? keep in mind , following the rules doesn't mean always having to dump on other wikipedian or using them as stepping stones . i hope this came off civil .
0.08718716
kid lantern question i was the person to contribute the kid lantern article to the waly west page would it be more appropriate as trivianote sure its not world shattering info but its still encyclopedia material i believe that all info on articles are improtant whether theyre big or small my kid lantern artcile take a look at it issue 3 of the miniseries flash green lantern the brave and the bold has flash kid flash and green lantern in pursuit of mirror master and black hand in an attempt to steal flashs speed it is kid flash who loses his powers to help out green lantern creates a temporary power ring for wally to use dubbing him kid lantern with a costume identical to hals wallys head piece resembles his kid flash uniform yes its minor information but does it contain the following vandalisim original research pov no it does not and im not so much upset about the deletion but your reasoning in all of your time on wikipedia do you ever help make someones eidt more appropriate by that i mean things like moving it somewhere else on the article fixingadjusting anything other than deleting keep in mind following the rules doesnt mean always having to dummp on other wikipedian or using them as stepping stones i hope this came off civil 
0.06742922
dump

= = wo rohe kräfte sinnlos walten , da kann sich kein gebild gestalten = = thank you for including me into this arbritration case http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wikipedia:requests_for_arbitration/ulritz without giving any further explanation ! i will from now on abstain from editing the english wikipedia for the reason indicated in the heading ( friedrich schiller die glocke ) . have fun ! ps : by the way , supporting someone who calls other users asocial neo-nazis because they oppose comments like unless they're germans , then you can just shoot them does not correspond with my idea of wikipedia . ( )
0.24423629
wo rohe kräfte sinnlos walten da kann sich kein gebild gestalten thank you for including me into this arbritration case httpenwikipediaorgwikiwikipediarequestsforarbitrationulritz without giving any further explanation i will from now on abstain from editing the english wikipedia for the reason indicated in the heading friedrich schiller dyie glocke have fun ps by the way supporting someone who calls other users asocial neonazis because they oppose comments like unless theyre germans then you can just shoot them does not correspond with my idea of wikipedia 
0.12918371
die

= = sockpuppetry = = hi daniel , how do you think we should deal with editors who have been convicted of sockpuppetry on wikipedia but have not been indefblocked ? how would others know of the user's past with sockpuppetry ? i have run into this problem a few times and no one has given me a good answer . thanks .
0.16627307
sockpuppetry hi daniel how do you think we should deal with editors who have been convicted of sockpuppetry on wikipedia but have not been indefblocked how would others know of the users past with sockpuppetry i have run into this problem a few times and no one hast given me a good answer thanks 
0.1533064
has

dear omni looser stop editing my crap then die
0.91764444
dear omni looser stop editing my craph then die 
0.7989838
crap

= = shared ip unblock = = one of my students just received the message informing us of the unblock . as i told steel359 , i would like to thank you for taking the time to review the request that i sent in . i can assure you that nothing like this will happen in the future , as i've made sure that the students responsible have learned their lesson . again , thank you very much for your time . sincerely , mrs. dawn booher .
0.019578746
shared ip unblock one of my students just received the message informing us of the unblock as i told steel359 i would llike to thank you for taking the time to review the request that i sent in i can assure you that nothing likke this will happen in the future as ive made sure that the students responsible have learned their lesson again thank you very much for your time sincerely mrs dawn booher 
0.016516646
like

= = i protest ! = = well now i experienced my first cyber facist , and it looks like its a swede ??? where should i protest ?
0.40935928
i protest well now i experienced my first cyber falcist and it looks like its a swede where should i protest 
0.10017269
facist

* this block was warranted as the user blanked an afd with no discussion . the afd clearly states that users are not to delete them but to follow the process outlined within them . this user was previously warned for vandalism as well .
0.08968186
this block was warranted as the user blanked an afd with no discussion the afd clearly states that users are not to delete them but to follow the process outlined within them this user was previously warned for vandalisml as well 
0.03905487
vandalism

