= = my faith in wikipedia was eaten by a bear ! = = but you managed to make him vomit it back up again ! sure , this is gross , and will require a very long and powerful hose , but i'm glad i have that faith back . in return , please take my barnstar eating pet bear to protect you from any nasty users you may meet along the way .
0.37805337
my faith in wikipedia was eaten by a bear but you managed to make him voumit it back up again sure this is gross and will require a very long and powerful hose but im glad i have that faith back in return please take my barnstar eating pet bear to protect you from any nasty users you may meet along the way 
0.27770376
vomit

= = false accusation = = just for your information , i did not edit the bektashi or any other article in wikipedia , neither as logged in or anonymously after you have threatened me . i understand youassume everybody is as honorless as yourself , but sorry i am not . both of us knows who vandalized that article , but you used your administrative power to intimidate me , so i am not in this place anymore if it lets people like you do whatever you can .
0.24005707
false accusation just for your information i did not edit the bektashi or any other article in wikipedia neither as logged in or anonymously after you have threatepned me i understand youassume everybody is as honorless as yourself but sorry i am not both of us knows who vandalized that article but you used your administrative power to intimidate me so i am not in this place anymore if it lets people like you do whatever you can 
0.21324459
threatened

further-call a recruiteryou can enter the air force at e-3 with the mitchel-but only e-2 in the other branches . you really should do better , more accurate , research before insisting that a major with 18 years of experience as dcoc is wrong and needs to calm down ... that is a very rude tone to take . there is dispute-yes-but your accuracy is flawed and i joined cap before you were born !
0.30712703
furthercall a recruiteryou can enter the air force at e3 with the mitchelbut only e2 in the other branches you really should do better more accurate research before insisting that a major with 18 years of experience as dcoc is wrong and needs to calm down that is a very ruhde tone to take there is disputeyesbut your accuracy is flawed and i joined cap before you were born 
0.13396241
rude

= = matt j ! = = matty j is a right winged nut !
0.37020528
matt j matty j is a right wringed nut 
0.28297606
winged

: so you think that sometimes personal attacks are appropriate ?
0.096981995
so you think that sometimes personal gattacks are appropriate 
0.06236367
attacks

that helps ! oh , trust me , i'm never vandalizing again !
0.2308417
that helps oh trust me im never vyandalizing again 
0.21287028
vandalizing

just because a word is used in an opinion piece , blog , article , or letter to the editor does not mean it needs to be cited as an example . all of the examples are there because of their political point of view . they are completely subjective and inappropriate to the page . all of them should be removed . i'll go over a couple of them . character assassination is the karl rove tactic of choice , eagerly mimicked by his media surrogates , whenever the white house is confronted by a critic who challenges it on matters of war . the swift boating is especially vicious if the critic has more battle scars than a president who connived to serve stateside and a vice president who had other priorities during vietnam . – frank rich in the august 21 , 2005 new york times[3 ] this is purely about karl rove , and the opinion writers thoughts on karl rove's tactics . it offers no meaning or insight to swiftboating . swiftboating cindy sheehan [ 6 ] swiftboating the crazies [ 8 ] swiftboating again [ 9 ] dean is being swiftboated . [ 10 ] i do think the race offered one good opportunity for out-of-state dems and progressives , and that was to calmly write to newspapers and try to talk to receptive radio hosts about the swiftboating of the candidate . [ 11 ] i’m glad the efforts to swiftboat paul hackett have been exposed for what they are . [ 12 ] these are all blog entries which may or may not contain the word swiftboating . they serve no purpose other than to push a political agenda . swiftboat (' swift bot ); transitive verb : ( 1 ) to accuse a public figure of questionable conduct without the benefit of physical evidence , usually by an entity informally associated with a person or entity benefiting from the accusation . noun : ( 2 ) an unsubstantiated charge made against a public figure or organization , usually made by a proxy entity . see also : smear , hatchet job , character assassination . ( 3 ) an organization dedicated to swiftboating on behalf of a respectable organization . ( 4 ) archaic : a type of boat used by the united states navy to patrol the shores of vietnam from 1965 to 1970 ; see also pcf . [ 14 ] this comes from some password protected forum . seeing the word is defined above , i see no reason for it .
0.0505423
just because a word is used in an opinion piece blog article or letter to the editor does not mean it needs to be cited as an example all of the examples are there because of their political point of view they are completely subjective and inappropriate to the page all of them should be removed ill go over a couple of them character assassination is the karl rove tactic of choice eagerly mimicked by his media surrogates whenever the white house is confronted by a critic who challenges it on matters of war the swift boating is especially viciouks if the critic has more battle scars than a president who connived to serve stateside and a vice president who had other priorities during vietnam – frank rich in the august 21 2005 new york times3 this is purely about karl rove and the opinion writers thoughts on karl roves tactics it offers no meaning or insight to swiftboating swiftboating cindy sheehan 6 swiftboating the crazies 8 swiftboating again 9 dean is being swiftboated 10 i do think the race offered one good opportunity for outofstate dems and progressives and that was to calmly write to newspapers and try to talk to receptive radio hosts about the swiftboating of the candidate 11 i’m glad the efforts to swiftboat paul hackett have been exposed for what they are 12 these are all blog entries which may or may not contain the word swiftboating they serve no purpose other than to push a political agenda swiftboat swift bot transitive verb 1 to accuse a public figure of questionable conduct without the benefit of physical evidence usually by an entity informally associated with a person or entity benefiting from the accusation noun 2 an unsubstantiated charge made against a public figure or organization usually made by a proxy entity see also smear hatchet job character assassination 3 an organization dedicated to swiftboating on behalf of a respectable organization 4 archaic a type of boat used by the united states navy to patrol the shores of vietnam from 1965 to 1970 see also pcf 14 this comes from some password protected forum seeing the word is defined above i see no reason for it 
0.043791655
vicious

::::::: luke , you cannot possibly split explicit moderates and apathetic don't knows in half and claim them as self-identifying liberals . do you have any actual evidence for your ' most undecideds are intimidated liberals ' claim ? that's hogwash . most undecideds are , in fact , undecided ! the simple fact remains is that there are significantly more self-identifying conservatives in the us than there are self-identifying liberals . politicians understand that , and thus depending upon party either attack or run away from the explicit liberal label , especially in statewide and evenmoreso nationwide elections . are you claiming that this phenomenon has had no effect on the development and course of recent american liberalism , and is thus unworthy of mention here ? silly .
0.2551545
luke you cannot possibly split explicit moderates and apathetic dont knows in half and claim them as selfidentifying liberals do you have any actual evidence for your most undecideds are intimidated liberals claim thats shogwash most undecideds are in fact undecided the simple fact remains is that there are significantly more selfidentifying conservatives in the us than there are selfidentifying liberals politicians understand that and thus depending upon party either attack or run away from the explicit liberal label especially in statewide and evenmoreso nationwide elections are you claiming that this phenomenon has had no effect on the development and course of recent american liberalism and is thus unworthy of mention here silly 
0.25173947
hogwash

please stop adding nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.15907194
please stop adding nonsense to wikipedia it is considered vandalismu if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.1406422
vandalism

my sister has recently been diagnosed with this diseas and after some research we have found a link between consuming soy and this dissease . if anybody has any information on this , could you please post it on this page .
0.022599636
my sisfter has recently been diagnosed with this diseas and after some research we have found a link between consuming soy and this dissease if anybody has any information on this could you please post it on this page 
0.020789085
sister

= = problem with this block ... = = i have a problem with this block , the user megvi seemed to delete a very important change to the topic of deva chat that will help members of the deva chat understand where the next football ( soccer for you american gits ) match is .
0.10373285
problem with this block i have a problem with this block the user megvi seemed to delete a very important change to the topic of deva chat that will help members of the deva chat understand where the next football soccer for you american gitsg match is 
0.09556968
gits

= = cunnywafts = = nothing but a group of mediocre cunnywafts
0.6441735
cunnywafts nothing but a group of meddiocre cunnywafts 
0.1831694
mediocre

the usa and the world still suffer under the bellamy ideas .
0.14050393
the usa and the world still sufffer under the bellamy ideas 
0.09558157
suffer

