= = attack ? = = you may have mistaken it as a attack but i can assure you it wasn't . one of his project members edited my project and got mad as we are rivals . i would never edit his so why did he edit mine ?
0.19043651
attack you may have mistaken it as a attack but i can assure you it wasnt one of his project members edited my project and got macd as we are rivals i would never edit his so why did he edit mine 
0.13667141
mad

= = = propol's love of big words = = = the word for today , children is p l a g i a r i s m . i have a word that goes with it , it's m a l i c i o u s . propol , make me believe in wp : agf and stop this kind of crud . now you know , as well as i , that the verbal quip is not plagiarism . i know , that you know that the word was not used or even implied in the article you cite . if you want to use big words , you better , and i mean better sources then some little article . it better be court records or other , absolutely solid evidence or such accusation borders on l i a b l e ( another big word ) . so , stop , and behave .
0.21725112
propols love of big words the word for today children is p l a g i a r i s m i have a word that goes with it its m a l i c i o u s propol make me believe in wp agf and stop this kind of crudq now you know as well as i that the verbal quip is not plagiarism i know that you know that the word was not used or even implied in the article you cite if you want to use big words you better and i mean better sources then some little article it better be court records or other absolutely solid evidence or such accusation borders on l i a b l e another big word so stop and behave 
0.1528456
crud

your under my talk and discussion and your posting a violation about me to benefit your personal interest for a guild you belong to named shadowclan the only person harassing and making personal attacks is you . your unfairing warning me and are unfit to edit the discussion with more violations since your obviously doing this to benefit yourself and shadowclan
0.3619559
your under my talk and discussion and your posting a violation about me to benefit your qersonal interest for a guild you belong to named shadowclan the only person harassing and making personalg attacks is you your unfairing warning me and are unfit to edit the discussion with more violations since your obviously doing this to benefit yourself and shadowclan 
0.35041714
personal

actually , no . there isn't a single place in the united states in which hate speech is illegal . and any attempts to create such laws have been soundly beaten down by the first court that they confronted . the california law that you meant regards a civil matter , not a crriminal matter . and while i do understand that this article refers to world-wide laws , i feel that it is important to point out that hate speech is only a hate crime in some of them .
0.10481244
actually no there isnt a single place in the united states in which hatx speech is illegal and any attempts to create such laws have been soundly beaten down by the first court that they confronted the california law that you meant regards a civil matter not a crriminal matter and while i do understand that this article refers to worldwide laws i feel that it is important to point out that h a t e speech is only a hcate crime in some of them 
0.0810592
hate

::: the sad thing is that our fellow here - freedom skies - appears to have been raised in america or britain and yet he seems more indian than american or british and along with that supports a radical view of the world that is peppered with religious ideas ... and along with that - he is educated ! it is truly sad ... if india industrializes and this hindutva movement holds sway , the world will see a flourishing of a very powerful and scary radicalized country . firstly , can you tell me what being american is ? american is made of of various immigrant and former immigrant communities from italy , ireland , china , guatemala , and so forth . so , if freedom skies is being proud of his culture , is that evil ? secondly , you have an overestimation of countries outside of your world . suggestion , join the marine corps . that is one thing i have learned is understanding the world through travel . thirdly , i am utterly shocked at your comment on freedom skies being educated as being a sad thing ( if not , a scary thing ) . does that threaten you that indians are being educated ? please answer yes or no , thank you . also , that statement reminds me of when the slaveowners back in the southern part of america during the civil war used to consider blacks getting education as a threat to their lifestyle . as a matter of fact , it was illegal for an afro-american to go to school or even learn to read , since it was viewed as a threat to the racist slave owners . i will even go a further step to say that back then , these racists from the colonial south felt threatened that the slaves would become a very powerful and scary radicalized community . regarding your previous posts , here is some food for thought . in the marine corps , as a gunny sgt . or someone in command , if you are at a bar or a party , you never show that you are drunk . if you are drunk , you do not admit it ... learn from that pal ...
0.27535605
the sad thing is that our fellow here freedom skies appears to have been raised in america or britain and yet he seems more indian than american or british and along with that supports a radical view of the world that is peppered with religious ideas and along with that he is educated it is truly sad if india industrializes and this hindutva movement holds sway the world will see a flourishing of a very powerful and scary radicalized country firstly can you tell me what being american is american is made of of various immigrant and former immigrant communities from italy ireland china guatemala and so forth so if freedom skies is being proud of his culture is that evil secondly you have an overestimation of countries outside of your world suggestion join the marine corps that is one thing i have learned is understanding the world through travel thirdly i am utterly shocked at your comment on freedom skies being educated as being a sad thing if not a scary thing does that threaten you that indians are being educated please answer yes or no thank you also that statement reminds me of when the slaveowners back in the southern part of america during the civil war used to consider blacks getting education as a threat to their lifestyle as a matter of fact it was illegal for an afroamerican to go to school or even learn to read since it was viewed as a threat to the racislt slave owners i will even go a further step to say that back then these racists from the colonial south felt threatened that the slaves would become a very powerful and scary radicalized community regarding your previous posts here is some food for thought in the marine corps as a gunny sgt or someone in command if you are at a bar or a party you never show that you are drunk if you are drunk you do not admit it learn from that pal 
0.19964992
racist

* pbwiki . fully hosted . limited functions .
0.033905633
pbwiki fully hosted limuited functions 
0.03239773
limited

fuck you wikipeia you cant stop us !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
0.9954223
nuck you wikipeia you cant stop us xuck uck frck ufck fck ufck tfuck xuck fuak f u c k uck ruck fukc furk fpck uck f u c k fu k fuhck fukc f u c k fucek f u c k fuczk 
0.9896652
fuck

= = mikhail lebedev = = i apoligize for playing around and i messed up the page of mikhail lebedev . the afd page for it became slanderous and is potnetially ruining his reputation . can you please delete some of the slandarous comments on the afd page that can potentially ruin his reputation ? thanks .
0.16166927
mikhail lebedev i apoligize for playing around and i messed up the page of mikhail lebedev the afd page for it became slanderousw and is potnetially ruining his reputation can you please delete some of the slandarous comments on the afd page that can potentially ruin his reputation thanks 
0.13023303
slanderous

, 7 september 2006 ( utc ) youre the pov pusher wakeenah . you're filling a hoax article with debunking statements . 10-20 lines of debunk for every line of argument . where on wikipedia is the moon hoax theory adequately laid out ? anywhere ? or have you been diligently working to bury the subject ? 02:37
0.20203352
7 september 2006 utc youre the pov pufsher wakeenah youre filling a hoax article with debunking statements 1020 lines of debunk for every line of argument where on wikipedia is the moon hoax theory adequately laid out anywhere or have you been diligently working to bury the subject 0237 
0.16012965
pusher

= = wow ! a mess ! = = this article reads like the end result of one foreigner's afternoon with the altavista babelfish translator . i tried . i really , really tried to help . but sentences like rain discovered his passion for dancing ever since he was in the 6th grade have convinced me that this article is just doomed .
0.23431216
wow a mess this article reads like the end result of one foreigners afternoon with the altavista babelfish translator i tried i really really tried to help but sentences like rain discovered his passion for dancing ever since he was in the 6th grade have convinced me that this article is just dofomed 
0.08261057
doomed

= = 7 september 2006 = = please do not add nonsense to wikipedia ; it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.1125504
7 september 2006 please do not add n onsense to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.059635445
nonsense

* oh come , on not again . admins , stop wasting time and just permaban , you know the situation won't change .
0.28678954
oh come on not again admins stop wastming time and just permaban you know the situation wont change 
0.17285846
wasting

– i have no objections at all to the conspiracy theories being discussed fully in a separate article on the controversies , so whats the issue ? although note my comments on positive evidence yesterday , we are no longer just talking about rebuttals , but about explicit accusations that require positive evidence to back them up . i assume that this is not an alternative proposal to your previous one ?
0.038424425
– i have no objections at all to the conspiracyx theories being discussed fully in a separate article on the controversies so whats the issue although note my comments on positive evidence yesterday we are no longer just talking about rebuttals but about explicit accusations that require positive evidence to back them up i assume that this is not an alternative proposal to your previous one 
0.027919587
conspiracy

