::: gimme a break harlan . i find it incredible that you seem to think these are waldorf goals . educating the whole child - right - like anyone sets as their goal the education of half a child . these are , to be sure , waldorf buzz words - the kind of language waldorf brochures are filled with - of course . but they are meaningless in the framework of an encyclopedia article . they are sensationalism . they don't deserve mention at all - except in waldorf brochures - and that's not what we are creating here . and , really , there are lots and lots of examples in which the reality contradicts the surrounding the child with moral goodness you are describing . the easiest to point to is that waldorf teachers read grimms fairy tales to the children and promote them to parents to read to their children . these are the uneditied versions with the grimm stuff in them - the types of stories that are filled with immorality and horrible images for young children . i can recite examples directly from them here but i'm sure everyone knows what i'm talking about - think hansel and gretel and all the immorality that goes on in that one . these are definitely not themes of moral goodness - they are outrageous themes of depravity . so again , what we have here is brochure language that , in this case , doesn't even reflect what goes on in waldorf . it needs to come out . setting up more sections and going into greater detail about each of the stated goals is a bunch of hooey as well . every school has fantastic goals for their students , just like every parent has wonderful goals for their child . this article is not about the goals of the waldorf schools , it is about waldorf education - what it actually is , what it actually does , what it actually means . if you want to state goals and ideals , write yourself a brochure - this article is not the place for it . sorry .
0.10068099
gimme a break harlan i find it incredible that you seem to think these are waldorf goals educating the whole child right like anyone sets as their goal the education of half a child these are to be sure waldorf buzz words the kind of language waldorf brochures are filled with of course but they are meaningless in the framework of an encyclopedia article they are sensationalism they dont deserve mention at all except in waldorf brochures and thats not what we are creating here and really there are lots and lots of examples in which the reality contradicts the surrounding the child with moral goodness you are describing the easiest to point to is that waldorf teachers read grimms fairy tales to the children and promote them to parents to read to their children these are the uneditied versions with the grimm stuff in them the types of stories that are filled with immorality and horrihble images for young children i can recite examples directly from them here but im sure everyone knows what im talking about think hansel and gretel and all the immorality that goes on in that one these are definitely not themes of moral goodness they are outrageous themes of depravity so again what we have here is brochure language that in this case doesnt even reflect what goes on in waldorf it needs to come out setting up more sections and going into greater detail about each of the stated goals is a bunch of hooey as well every school has fantastic goals for their students just like every parent has wonderful goals for their child this article is not about the goals of the waldorf schools it is about waldorf education what it actually is what it actually does what it actually means if you want to state goals and ideals write yourself a brochure this article is not the place for it sorry 
0.08055709
horrible

this is very strange . despite good faith efforst of discussion , asking open review and permission for changes someone comes and disrespectfully vandalises the edits by users in a wholesale arrogance . is this the open contribution philosophy of wikipedia . please see below . i am reposting my changes and please discuss what is not right or good about them before doing anything . thanks . = = request of assistance for vandal user behaviour by khoikhoi = = could the administation and users take an independent look for the following reversal of useful and pertinent contributions at the mustafa kemal ataturk site please ? it is very difficult for me not to interpret the revision by khoikhoi as disrespectful vandalism and disruptive behaviour . more i studied his log history at various article related to the turkish subjects and prior bans for the same disruptive behaviour , more concerned i became . could someone help revert the edits he damaged and request him to be more respectful to others ' work ? thank you . ( cur ) ( last ) khoikhoi ( talk | contribs ) ( rv to last version by me ) ( what last revision ? this is a whole sale deletion and vandalism , is it not ? ) ( cur ) ( last ) incir ( talk | contribs ) ( → external links ) ( cur ) ( last ) 88.242.84.98 ( talk ) ( → see also ) ( cur ) ( last ) 71.162.66.250 ( talk ) ( → an overview in a nutshell ) ( cur ) ( last ) 71.162.66.250 ( talk ) ( → international relations )
0.06485682
this is very strange despite good faith efforst of discussion asking open review and permission for changes someone comes and disrespectfully vandalises the edits by users in a wholesale arrogance is this the open contribution philosophy of wikipedia please see below i am reposting my changes and please discuss what is not right or good about them before doing anything thanks request of assistance for vandal user behaviour by khoikhoi could the administation and users take an independent look for the following reversal of useful and pertinent contributions at the mustafa kemal ataturk site please it is very difficult for me not to interpret the revision by khoikhoi as disresppectful vandalism and disruptive behaviour more i studied his log history at various article related to the turkish subjects and prior bans for the same disruptive behaviour more concerned i became could someone help revert the edits he damaged and request him to be more respectful to others work thank you cur last khoikhoi talk contribs rv to last version by me what last revision this is a whole sale deletion and vandalism is it not cur last incir talk contribs → external links cur last 882428498 talk → see also cur last 7116266250 talk → an overview in a nutshell cur last 7116266250 talk → international relations 
0.06342858
disrespectful

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are some pages that you might find helpful : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . again , welcome ! = = your edits = = please do not add inappropriate external links to wikipedia . wikipedia is not a mere directory of links nor should it be used for advertising or promotion . inappropriate links include ( but are not limited to ) links to personal web sites , links to web sites with which you are affiliated , and links that exist to attract visitors to a web site or promote a product . see the external links guideline and spam policies for further explanations of links that are considered appropriate . if you feel the link should be added to the article , then please discuss it on the article's talk page rather than re-adding it . see the welcome page to learn more about wikipedia . thank you .
0.027086169
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here are some pages that you might find helpful the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions again welcome your edits please do not add inappropriate external links to wikipedia wikipedia its not a mere directory of links nor should it be used for advertising or promotion inappropriate links include but are not limited to links to personal web sites links to web sites with which you are affiliated and links that exist to attract visitors to a web site or promote a product see the external links guideline and spam policies for further explanations of links that are considered appropriate if you feel the link should be added to the article then please discuss it on the articles talk page rather than readding it see the welcome page to learn more about wikipedia thank you 
0.026302563
is

one of the things that bugs me about the writers who claim that the midwest accent is the standard american accent is their fishbowl view . they view their own accent as the correct one . what do you think somebody from georgia or texas would think of that ? is this another to the victor goes the spoils from the civil war ? the north gets to have the correct accent ? the population of southern speakers is barely a minority , i'd hate to be from louisiana and hear some egomaniac from iowa talk about his accent being the right one . it's like the woman who says the toilet seat should be down , even though 50% of the population uses it the other way , she thinks her way is the right way . newscasters generally speak with a northern accent , i can attest to that , but they come from all over , and how many of them are deliberately trained to speak like a midwesterner ? i can't imagine such a thing . would a newscaster from albany ny or seattle , or la , or connecticut , where people all have basically the standarn northern accent , need to change to some sort of cornfield nebraska twang ? hell no . the midwestern accent is not really typical anyway , i lived in michigan for a year and people have an unusual accent there , not the typical newscaster accent . they say everything is the bomb , but they pronounce bomb as if it were spelled bahm . their accent may be the bahm , but is not the standard way to pronounce things in journalism . i would say that of all the places in the usa that have the most neutral speach , that journalists would try to emulate , this region where i live beats out the midwest for neutrality . eastern upstate ny , from poughkeepsie to syracuse . also connecticut , they hae no trace of the new england weirdness that you see in vermont or maine , or most of mass . and northwestern mass has the vermont accent . very little of mass is free of the weird new england thing . worchester , forget it ... very thick there . probably the only accent-free part of mass . is around springfield , or southwestern mass in general . that's like connecticut , which is neutral . the vermont accent is only found among the older people . young kids in vermont are not carrying this on at all . the old timers with their pepperidge faam remembas accent with all the ayaah , well that was a swedish accent and the grandchildren of the swedes don't talk that way anymore . not at all . as for the nyc accent , that only goes as far north as peekskill unless you count all the transplanted nyc folks , especially after september 11 , who moved upstate by the millions lately . as far north as poughkeepsie , there are a good number of nyc folks that moved up , but the native poughkeepsie people have the basic american accent , and the children of the nyc folks lose their accent in one generation . north or west of albany , there are very few nyc transplants and no accent at all , except for the rednecks . and what can you do about the rednecks ?
0.15144804
one of the things that bugs me about the writers who claim that the midwest accent is the standard american accent is their fishbowl view they view their own accent as the correct one what do you think somebody from georgia or texas would think of that is this another to the victor goes the spoils from the civil war the north gets to have the correct accent the population of southern speakers is barely a minority id hate to be from louisiana and hear some fegomaniac from iowa talk about his accent being the right one its like the woman who says the toilet seat should be down even though 50 of the population uses it the other way she thinks her way is the right way newscasters generally speak with a northern accent i can attest to that but they come from all over and how many of them are deliberately trained to speak like a midwesterner i cant imagine such a thing would a newscaster from albany ny or seattle or la or connecticut where people all have basically the standarn northern accent need to change to some sort of cornfield nebraska twang hell no the midwestern accent is not really typical anyway i lived in michigan for a year and people have an unusual accent there not the typical newscaster accent they say everything is the bomb but they pronounce bomb as if it were spelled bahm their accent may be the bahm but is not the standard way to pronounce things in journalism i would say that of all the places in the usa that have the most neutral speach that journalists would try to emulate this region where i live beats out the midwest for neutrality eastern upstate ny from poughkeepsie to syracuse also connecticut they hae no trace of the new england weirdness that you see in vermont or maine or most of mass and northwestern mass has the vermont accent very little of mass is free of the weird new england thing worchester forget it very thick there probably the only accentfree part of mass is around springfield or southwestern mass in general thats like connecticut which is neutral the vermont accent is only found among the older people young kids in vermont are not carrying this on at all the old timers with their pepperidge faam remembas accent with all the ayaah well that was a swedish accent and the grandchildren of the swedes dont talk that way anymore not at all as for the nyc accent that only goes as far north as peekskill unless you count all the transplanted nyc folks especially after september 11 who moved upstate by the millions lately as far north as poughkeepsie there are a good number of nyc folks that moved up but the native poughkeepsie people have the basic american accent and the children of the nyc folks lose their accent in one generation north or west of albany there are very few nyc transplants and no accent at all except for the rednecks and what can you do about the rednecks 
0.116591044
egomaniac

= = your rude interference by deleting a private talk entry = = ryulong ( talk | contribs ) ( you removed a protection template , i reverted that , now leave me alone please , and go about editting ) can you restore my talk entry as you rudely deleted please ? you could fix my mistake in the first line and be more respectful to the subsequent part . dont you tthink ? ( i hope this does not sound as much f off attitude you are giving ) the original of your first quote which is more befitting with your deletion of a talk page entry is as follows : everytime i hear the word culture , i reach my revolver herman goering . can you restore what you have just deleted as my entry into a private talk page , please ? thanks .
0.23950136
your rude interference by deleting a private talk entry ryulong talk contribs you removed a protection template i reverted that now leave me alone please and go about editting can you restore my talk entry as you rudely deleted please you could fix my mistake in the first line and be more respectful to the subsequent part dont you tthink i hope this does not sound as much bf off attitude you are giving the original of your first quote which is more befitting with your deletion of a talk page entry is as follows everytime i hear the word culture i reach my revolver herman goering can you restore what you have just deleted as my entry into a private talk page please thanks 
0.23862731
f

i have blocked you , mainly for removing the tag from richard walter . i hope that this block will only apply to you as an anon and that you will still be allowed to edit when logged in .
0.11068937
i have blocgked you mainly for removing the tag from richard walter i hope that this block will only apply to you as an anon and that you will still be allowed to edit when logged in 
0.087963216
blocked

{| style = border : 1px solid gray ; background-color : #fdffe7 ; |rowspan = 2 valign = middle | |rowspan = 2 | |style = font-size : x-large ; padding : 0 ; vertical-align : middle ; height : 1.1 em ; | the defender of the wiki barnstar |- |style = vertical-align : middle ; border-top : 1px solid gray ; | to 66.93.251.114 for his tireless battle against the scourge of linkspam and excessive external links . here's a little something ( it's not much , i know ) for all your hard and thankless work . i wanted to make sure that you know you're not alone in the battle . keep up the good work . regards moondyne |}
0.07900103
style border 1px solid gray backgroundcolor fdffe7 rowspan 2 valign middle rowspan 2 style fontsize xlarge padding 0 verticalalign middle height 11 em the defender of the wiki barnstar style verticalalign middle bordertop 1px solid gray to 6693251114 for his tireless battle against the scourge of linkspam and excessive external links heres a little something its not much i know for all your hard and thdankless work i wanted to make sure that you know youre not alone in the battle keep up the good work regards moondyne 
0.061040193
thankless

= = ng2 = = hi . sorry about the speedy deletion thing . as you can see from my talk page , i came home full of vodka-red bulls last night and went a bit haywire . won't happen again .
0.042717546
ng2 hi sorry about the speedy deletion thing as you can see from my talk page i came home fzull of vodkared bulls last night and went a bit haywire wont happen again 
0.04060213
full

holy crap , where'd you get that pic ? i've never seen that picture of ganondorf ! -
0.78300077
holy cerap whered you get that pic ive never seen that picture of ganondorf 
0.36669093
crap

= = stop = = when you know you're too stupid to understand what's going on , don't mindlessly revert an article . you'll just end up showing your hand , revealing your idiocy , and then you're just going to have to create a new identity when the ridicule gets to be too much . think , next time .
0.72168523
stop when you know youre too stupid to understand whats going on dont mindlessly revert an article youll just end up showing your hand revealing your idiocyi and then youre just going to have to create a new identity when the ridicule gets to be too much think next time 
0.6980102
idiocy

it's not an article , it's a draft of an article created by someone else , that i kept for historical/archive reasons in connection with speedy deletion of the original article . see wild moonberries which now redirects to moonberry for the current version .
0.012720809
its not an article its a draft of an article created by someone else that i kept for historicalarchive reasons in connection with speedy deletion of the original article see wild moonberries which now redirects to moonberry for the currents version 
0.006160283
current

= = drv question = = you seem to be wise in the ways of drv , so i thought i'd ask you this . if i undelete image : nikkor lenses . jpg ( the subject of the discussion here , notify everyone who's seemed interested on their talk page , slap a tag on it and start up the standard discussion on the talk page of the image , leaving a note on drv saying the party is that way , will anything particularly unpleasant happen to me ? i ask because i recall hearing that drv is home to some particularly dangerous varieties of man-eating proceduralism , and i am generally fond of not being devoured .
0.09704883
drv question you seem to be wise in the ways of drv so i thought id ask you this if i undelete image nikkor lenses jpg the subject of the discussion here notify everyone whos seemed interested on their talk page slap a tag on it and start up the standard discussion on the talk page of the image leaving a note on drv saying the party is that way will anything particularly unpleasant happen to me i ask because i recall hearing that drv is home to some particularly dangerous varieties of maneating proceduralism and i am generally fond of not being devour ed 
0.044936903
devoured

ps . saxifrage after you are done gobbling on the cocks you already have in your mouth , please go eat another dick !
0.95425624
ps saxifrage after you are done gobbling on the cocks you already have in your mouth please go eat another ditck 
0.91010785
dick

::: okay , thanks , and i obviously will . extremely sexy
0.23768379
okay thanks and i obviously will extremely rsexy 
0.14490728
sexy

= = = = regarding edits made during november 14 2006 ( utc ) to short story = = = = thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do . take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . if this is an ip address , and it is shared by multiple users , ignore this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits .
0.025222927
regarding edits made during november 14 2006 utc to short story thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia if this is an ip address and it is shared by multiple users ignorbe this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits 
0.014219377
ignore

