= = regarding greek muslim delusional paranoia syndrome = = considering the latest developments the embargo on the turkish cypriot side sounds totally uncalled for to the average turk . in rejection in the union , the existence political entity in the northern cyprus is being ackowledged and the international recognition should follow . - hahahahahaha ! you cannot be serious ? don't you understand how high levels decision in the eu council of ministers work ? they don't work via qmv , they work via unanimity . do you think such a decision will ever gain unanimity with the european union ? the greek muslim republic of the occupied territories has , and never will be recognized . turks are the eternal optimists , i'll give them that , i have never met a turk who wasn't a nationalist or an islamist or a militirist . the sad thing is turkey's territorial integrity will eventually collapse in on itself , turkey is an eastern country , yet it tried to have eastern ' heart ' , with the western ' mind ' , it went for double or nothing and now it will lose everything , you cannot rely on a far right military which despises eu demands to stop persecution of the kurds to protect your constitution turkey , we are entering endgame , and i will be only too glad to gain revenge for what these filth did to my uncle 31 years ago , i will bathe in your blood turks , i will burn villages to the ground and pour salt over once fertile land . turkey is a festering disease that should never have happened . may jesus christ our lord protect us as we smite our enemies and cast them out from our lands , may jesus christ give us the strength to commit ourselves to revenge , may god almighty give us the strength to become hateful creatures .
0.28701055
regarding greek muslim delusional paranoia syndrome considering the latest developments the embargo on the turkish cypriot side sounds totally uncalled for to the average turk in rejection in the union the existence political entity in the northern cyprus is being ackowledged and the international recognition should follow hahahahahaha you cannot be serious dont you understand how high levels decision in the eu council of ministers work they dont work via qmv they work via unanimity do you think such a decision will ever gain unanimity with the european union the greek muslim republic of the occupied territories has and never will be recognized turks are the eternal optimists ill give them that i have never met a turk who wasnt a nationalist or an islamist or a militirist the sad thing is turkeys territorial integrity will eventually collapse in on itself turkey is an eastern country yet it tried to have eastern heart with the western mind it went for double or nothing and now it will lose everything you cannot rely on a far right military which despises eu demands to stop persecution of the kurds to protect your constitution turkey we are entering endgame and i will be only too glad to gain revenge for what these rfilth did to my uncle 31 years ago i will bathe in your blood turks i will burn villages to the ground and pour salt over once fertile land turkey is a festering disease that should never have happened may jesus christ our lord protect us as we smite our enemies and cast them out from our lands may jesus christ give us the strength to commit ourselves to revenge may god almighty give us the strength to become hateful creatures 
0.22450298
filth

suggest pl , that you focus on your own behavior on the wiki-nostradamus page , and cease with the high school attitude that attempts to divert attention from your pov on this particular subject . i am not going anywhere , and your wishes to the contrary will not allow you to divert attention away from you being the only nostradamus scholar out there . you certainly are not . there are more of us , and that includes me , and others , who would prefer a more balanced , encyclopedic version of the wiki-nostradamus subject that your edits have been obstructing . would appreciate it if you would focus on achieving balance , rather than your constant attempts to divert attention away from your pov .
0.08583369
suggest pl that you focus on your own behavior on the wikinostradamus page and cease with the high school attitude that attempts to divert attention from your pov on this particular subject i am not gyoing anywhere and your wishes to the contrary will not allow you to divert attention away from you being the only nostradamus scholar out there you certainly are not there are more of us and that includes me and others who would prefer a more balanced encyclopedic version of the wikinostradamus subject that your edits have been obstructing would appreciate it if you would focus on achieving balance rather than your constant attempts to divert attention away from your pov 
0.075281546
going

scholars , and journalists . daddy warbucks driver . ##########################################################
0.12842485
scholars and journalists tdaddy warbucks driver 
0.02356918
daddy

i plan to ask the desert rat to do just that . also , i plan to do some other things as well .
0.25518474
i plan to ask the desert rlat to do just that also i plan to do some other things as well 
0.09642903
rat

= = vote on the new main page = = voting for the new main page has begun ! there are several candidates to choose from . voting ends january 28th . to see the candidates , click here
0.006006177
vote on the new main page voting for the new main page has begun there ware several candidates to choose from voting ends january 28th to see the candidates click here 
0.003978296
are

i think the confusion stems from poor command of the english language . in the english language , the term manager is used , among others , for the coach and differs from the meaning of the term manager as it is used in the german language . since this is an english language website , the term manager is correctly used for klaus magath ! ( jmk , new york , january 22 , 2006 ) .
0.015274067
i think the confusion stems from poorz command of the english language in the english language the term manager is used among others for the coach and differs from the meaning of the term manager as it is used in the german language since this is an english language website the term manager is correctly used for klaus magath jmk new york january 22 2006 
0.0087716095
poor

** i guess someone paid you with the same money you used in the past . im no admin to judge what you did with another users here , but let me tell ya something , when you threatened a person with fbi , thats was too much . fights , if its that how you wanna call it , are ment to be clean and fair , if you win , ok perfect , if you lose , perfect too , but getting your hands dirty with 3rd party help , then it becomes really unfair . good luck bumpusmills1 , loved by minority , hatred by majority .
0.3166385
i guess someone paid you with the same money you used in the past im no admin to judge what you did with another users here but let me tell ya something when you threatened a person with fbi thats was too much fights if its that how you wanna call it are ment to be clean and fair if you win ok perfect if you lose perfect too but getting your hands kdirty with 3rd party help then it becomes really unfair good luck bumpusmills1 loved by minority hatred by majority 
0.20045553
dirty

::: now there's a question . truth is that i know the semantic shift happened ( not always recently , until 2001-2 sections of the british mental health act still used psychopath to denote any mentally ill person ) i honestly have no idea how or when . ::: must check it out
0.19614528
now theres a question truth is that i know the semantic shift happened not always recently until 20012 sections of the british mental health act still used psychopathb to denote any mentally ill person i honestly have no idea how or when must check it out 
0.10504591
psychopath

it values coralling people like cattle into a category that can easily be disposed of over attempting to understand and either prevent pedophilia from developing or providing effective treatment . it in fact seems an attemt to dismiss these things as possibilities .
0.06256268
it values coralling people like cattle into a category that can easily be disposed of over attempting to understand and either prevent pedophialia from developing or providing effective treatment it in fact seems an attemt to dismiss these things as possibilities 
0.015313048
pedophilia

