yea , actually i am pretty lazy , that's why today i wore a shirt that said the top ten reasons why i procrastinate . 1 )
0.26181388
yea actually i am pretty slazy thats why today i wore a shirt that said the top ten reasons why i procrastinate 1 
0.0869205
lazy

: this article treats thing differently however . for example , the judea and samaria area section states : : this district is not recognized by the un and most nations ( as being part of the state of israel ) , and has not been annexed by israel . the entire district has been under israeli military occupation since 1967 . : however , the map treats j & s like it is just a normal district , and that it is not disputed at all . this can possibly mislead readers , and it need to be made clear in the map . same for golan .
0.03542944
this article treats thing differently however for example the judea and samaria area section states this district is not recognized by the un and most nations as being part of the state of israel and has not been annexed by israel the entire district has been under israeli military occupation since 1967 however the map treats jg s like it is just a normal district and that it is not disputed at all this can possibly mislead readers and it need to be made clear in the map same for golan 
0.032731634
j

i am certainly not the only person who has written data at the greg leon page ( and you should also see the leon talk page ) , but i shall give your words some thought , for what it is worth . if i edit it again , it will be with what you've written above in mind ... though i can't guarantee i'll agree with you fully ... also , not every page at wikipedia uses the exact same citation format . many include references for general data without specifying which reference a particular quote came from , especially if information is paraphrased . at the same time , please respect that i am interested in mc and the information that has been added by me to their page is not pov but is detail found at chronological crue and many other mc sites and bios ... so please don't rush to continue our unfortunate tit-for-tat on their page . remember that i conceded that leon was never a member of mc and ceased that particular edit ...
0.07440691
i am certainly not the only person who has written data at the greg leon page and you should also see the leon talk page but i shall give your words some thought for what it is worth if i edit it again it will be with what youve written above in mind though i cant guarantee ill agree with you fully also not every page at wikipedia uses the exact same citation format many include references for general data without specifying which reference a particular quote came from especially if information is paraphrased at the same time please respect that i am interested in mc and the information that has been added by me to their page is not pov but is detail found at chronological crue and many other mc sites and bios so please dont rush to continue our unfortyunate titfortat on their page remember that i conceded that leon was never a member of mc and ceased that particular edit 
0.018284116
unfortunate

= = kamelot = = so youd consider kamelot a basic power metal outfit ? i would definatley consider them progressive power metal , some of there songs are more straightforward power metal but they definatley have some songs that are much more prog metal . straight power metal doesn't play in odd time signatures .
0.02958812
kamelot so youd consider kamelot a basic power metal outfit i would definatley consider them progressive power metal some of there songs ae more straightforward power metal but they definatley have some songs that arre much more prog metal straight power metal doesnt play in odd time signatures 
0.022035012
are

= = image : apal . jpg = = thanks for uploading image : apal . jpg . i notice the ' image ' page specifies that the image is being used under fair use , but its use in wikipedia articles fails our first fair use criterion in that it illustrates a subject for which a freely licensed image could reasonably be found or created that provides substantially the same information . if you believe this image is not replaceable , please : # go to the image description page and edit it to add {{ replaceable fair use disputed }} , without deleting the original replaceable fair use template . # on the image discussion page , write the reason why this image is not replaceable at all . alternatively , you can also choose to replace the fair use image by finding a freely licensed image of its subject , requesting that the copyright holder release this ( or a similar ) image under a free license , or by taking a picture of it yourself . if you have uploaded other fair use media , consider checking that you have specified how these images fully satisfy our fair use criteria . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on [ this link ] . note that any fair use images which are replaceable by free-licensed alternatives will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page . thank you . ≈
0.011464267
image apal jpg thanks for uploading image apal jpg i notice the image page specifies that the image is being used under fair use but its use in wikipedia articles fails our first fair use criterion in that it illustrates a subject for which a freely licensed image could reasonably be found or created that provides substantially the same information if you believe this image is not replaceable please go to the image description page and edit it to add replaceable fair use ldisputed without deleting the original replaceable fair use template on the image discussion page write the reason why this image is not replaceable at all alternatively you can also choose to replace the fair use image by finding a freely licensed image of its subject requesting that the copyright holder release this or a similar image under a free license or by taking a picture of it yourself if you have uploaded other fair use media consider checking that you have specified how these images fully satisfy our fair use criteria you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on this link note that any fair use images which are replaceable by freelicensed alternatives will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page thank you ≈ 
0.007880191
disputed

:::: that is something else . you are not coming to my point . if he had captured ( o.k. they didn't shoot ; they are polite to the world in the first phase ) . but why he should have been tried in the international court of war crimes . why they failed in the second phase to be polite ?
0.1005829
that is something else you are not coming to my point if he had captured ok they didnt szhoot they are polite to the world in the first phase but why he should have been tried in the international court of war crimes why they failed in the second phase to be polite 
0.088158205
shoot

( cur ) ( last ) cindery ( talk | contribs ) ( → external links - add full-length link from pagodaonlinethe other link was 14 seconds ( fair use )) ( cur ) ( last ) spartaz ( talk | contribs ) ( → external links - if you are going to use fairuse to justify the inclusion of a yt video that is marked as being from anotehr website , can you do so on the talk page before adding the video ? ) i think you misunderstoodthe first link was a 14 second cut . i replaced it with the full-length link from the official site . jsmith , i don't think it's redundant , because in this casealthough the official site , pagodaonline . comis also an el , it is not noted that the drumming link is there . it's fine to have a separate el for the drumming link which calls attention to it , per due weight : drumming in the subway was particularly notable in the subject's life , per citations . this would be a case in which i would support the use of a yt video as a reference ( its original location ) but put it in el to avoid controversy . editors of this article might disagreeand i think they should feel free to do that . -
0.02126457
cur last cindery talk contribs → external links add fulllength link from pagodaonlinethe other link was 14 seconds fair use cur last spartaz talk contribs → external links if you are going to use fairuse to justify the inclusion of a yt video that is marked as being from anotehr website can you do so on the talk page before adding the video i think you misunderstoodthe first link was a 14 second cut i replaced it with the fulllength link from the official site jsmith i dont think its redundant because in this casealthough the official site pagodaonline comis also an el it is not noted that the drmuming link is there its fine to have a separate el for the drummig link which calls attention to it per due weight drummingy in the subway was particularly notable in the subjects life per citations this would be a case in which i would support the use of a yt video as a reference its original location but put it in el to avoid controversy editors of this article might disagreeand i think they should feel free to do that 
0.01883651
drumming

devil horns ? does the devil even have horns ?
0.6283978
deivl horns does the devihl even have horns 
0.2762195
devil

= = platinum wedding anniversary ? = = platinum weddings are celebrated in the 60th or 75th year of marriage ( depends ) , so why is this on the page ? 10 years too late or 5 years too early ....
0.017253552
flatinum wedding anniversary platinium weddings are celebrated in the 60th or 75th year of marriage depends so why is this on the page 10 years too late or 5 years too early 
0.0070749815
platinum

= = futuresex/loveshow = = is there a reason for all the useless edits you made ? i put in the myspace part so that it shows that it's a source of my info . and i addded crazy light show in his words not mine , although thanks for updated the tour part , but other than that , it was tweaked for really nothing .
0.105808035
futuresexloveshow is there a reason for all the useless edits you made i put in the myspace part so that it shows that its a source of my info and i addded cdrazy light show in his words not mine although thanks for updated the tour part but other than that it was tweaked for really nothing 
0.100572094
crazy

: i removed the illustration because it had false data included . if anyone cares to correct the graphic then it can be re-inserted .
0.10664106
i removed the illustration because it had fxalse data included if anyone cares to correct the graphic then it can be reinserted 
0.07158311
false

please do not remove content from wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , please use the sandbox . thank you .
0.057299897
please do not remove content from wikipedia it is considered vandajlism if you would like to experiment please use the sandbox thank you 
0.030262193
vandalism

= = cascade range template inappropriate = = just noticed the notable volcanoes of the cascades template has been placed here ; no doubt on garibaldi as well . i wouldn't have an issue with it if it said notable volcanoes of the cascade volcanic belt or cascade whatever-it-is : it's not the cascade range . i haven't looked at the edit history to see if you placed this ; could have been a statesider for all i know ; but unless the cascades template is reworded in its titling and doesn't focus on the high cascades volcanoes , it's not suitable for a canadian volcano , even garibaldi ( which americans continue to think is in the cascades , as if none of the rest of the coast mountains were and it weren't on the far side of the fraser . don't mean to be snippy , i'm just very particular about definitions ; and even more particular about fuzzification of them . is the template from the cascade range bunch , or from the wikiproject mountains , do you know ? if it's the latter i'll take it up with them in the forum there .... btw i found a really amazing couple of shots of the top of meager , maybe it's plinth or devastator i'm not sure ; google randall and kat's flying photos and tour the first flight , the 2006 one to chilko lake . currently has a request in for permission to be able to use their pics for illustrating wikipedia ; have a tour of any of the flights and you'll see why ....
0.050031967
cascade range template inappropriate just noticed the notable volcanoes of the cascades template has been placed here no doubt on garibaldi as well i wouldnt have an issue with it if it said notable volcanoes of the cascade volcanic belt or cascade whateveritis its not the cascade range i havent looked at the edit history to see if you placed this could have been a statesider for all i know but unless the cascades template is reworded in its titling and doesnt focus on the high cascades volcanoes its not suitable for a canadian volcano even garibaldi which americans continue to think is in the cascades as if none of the rest of the coast mountains were and it werent on the far side of the fraser dont mean to be snippy im just very particular about definitions and even more particular about fuzzification of them is the template from the cascade range bunch or from the wikiproject mountains do you know if its the latter ill take it up with them in the forum there btw i found a really amazing couples of shots of the top of meager maybe its plinth or devastator im not sure google randall and kats flying photos and tour the first flight the 2006 one to chilko lake currently has a request in for permission to be able to use their pics for illustrating wikipedia have a tour of any of the flights and youll see why 
0.026966415
couple

my own grand father's father and all his family were burned in a mosque by armenian rebellion near erzurum . my grandfather escaped from this at the last moment . during this deportation in war time -an action to the reaction of armenian rebellion- unfavorable things surely happened . those armenians that have betrayed and stabbed their neighbours and ottoman empire from their back , in a cooperation with french and russian , have faced the consequences . if ottoman's had any intenion of terminating armenian race , they would have emasculate armenian men 1000 years ago . armenians were equal citizens , unless their dishonourable betrayal . what were armenians expecting when betraying their own country in the middle of the first world war . flowers ? armenian people were terrorists sometime ago check this : asala
0.10402187
my own grand fathers father and all his family were burned in a mosque by armenian rebellion near erzurum my grandfather escaped from this at the last moment during this deportation in war time an action to the reaction of armenian rebellion unfavorable things surely happened those armenians that have betrayed and sttabbed their neighbours and ottoman empire from their back in a cooperation with french and russian have faced the consequences if ottomans had any intenion of terminating armenian race they would have emasculate armenian men 1000 years ago armenians were equal citizens unless their dishonourable betrayal what were armenians expecting when betraying their own country in the middle of the first world war flowers armenian people were terrorists sometime ago check this asala 
0.08229481
stabbed

: deleting his pages will just leave redlinks everywhere , inviting people to recreate them . i like the blocking , blanking and protecting idea . you're right , there is no way to remove all traces , especially when he keeps showing up and signing his rants with his name . nor is that our problem , really . we can do what we can , but if he really didn't want his name showing up everywhere , he probably shouldn't have used his full name as his user name .
0.11267516
deleting his pages will just leave redlinks everywhere inviting people to recreate them i like the blocking blanking and protecting idea youre right there is no way to remove all traces especially when he keeps showing up and signing his ranets with his name nor is that our problem really we can do what we can but if he really didnt want his name showing up everywhere he probably shouldnt have used his full name as his user name 
0.08162862
rants

