please see wikipedia's no personal attacks policy . comment on content , not on the contributor ; personal attacks damage the community and deter users . note that continued personal attacks may lead to blocks for disruption . please stay cool and keep this in mind while editing . thank you .
0.06603578
please see wikipedias no personal attaks policy comment on content not on the contributor personal ajtacks damage the community and deter users note that continued personal attbacks may lead to blocks for disruption please stay cool and keep this in mind while editing thank you 
0.053897157
attacks

tony sidaway is a confirmed and vocal scientologist who often writes lengthy usenet posts describing his involvement with the church of scientology and extolling its virtues . excellent and accomplished example of a bureaucratic fuck , tony spends hours lurking on irc under his favorite nick of sherilyn sideway to have cyber sex with unsuspecting guys . on wikipedia there was a fake aspie and tony sidaway banned him . tony gives his reasons for banning : * i have blocked this editor becausae he's stupid ( spelling error preserved ) * he's an obvious nutter ... let's just tell him to fuck off . * he's a troll . our only appropriate words to him are fuck off . * i sincerely suggest that fuck off is almost too kind for this pernicious and stupid troll . * i don't bother with hngs who ask m or f . i always irc as sherilyn and sometimes netsex as male , sometimes as female . what the hell , it's just roleplay , and i have always played female in mugs . what really pisses me off is when some guy asks m or f or decides to check out my ircname ( tony sidaway ) _halfway thru_ . if real gender means that much to him he shouldn't be doing virtual sex in the first place . there are hundreds of real women walking around outside , looking for real sex . — tony sidaway routinely , other bureaucratic fucks on wikipedia have blocked tony . ( log of blocks ) he also blocks others for reasons like idiot , particularly stupid troll and an admin for persistently flaunting a stupidly large signature with multiple image inclusions . he also harasses banned users by reverting anything they write on their talk pages and protecting it simply by saying , they attempted to use their talk page . note : other wikipedia admins do this abuse , too . he bans anyone who says the slightest thing even vaguely related to criticizing something even vaguely related to an admin . he also hides what they say ( example ) . memorable quote from a sexual deviant : since we hold the moral high ground , i see no sense in jumping down and rolling in the mud with the likes of e.d. tony sidaway
0.8552188
tony sidaway is a confirmed and vocal scientologist who often writes lengthy usenet posts describing his involvement with the church of scientology and extolling its virtues excellent and accomplished example of a bureaucratic f u c k tony spends hours lurking on irc under his favorite nick of sherilyn sideway to have cyber sex with unsuspecting guys on wikipedia there was a fake aspie and tony sidaway banned him tony gives his reasons for banning i have blocked this editor becausae hes stupid spelling error preserved hes an obvious nutter lets just tell him to ufck off hes a troll our only appropriate words to him are fucn off i sincerely suggest that fusck off is almost too kind for this pernicious and stupid troll i dont bother with hngs who ask m or f i always irc as sherilyn and sometimes netsex as male sometimes as female what the hell its just roleplay and i have always played female in mugs what really pisses me off is when some guy asks m or f or decides to check out my ircname tony sidaway halfway thru if real gender means that much to him he shouldnt be doing virtual sex in the first place there are hundreds of real women walking around outside looking for real sex — tony sidaway routinely other bureaucratic fucks on wikipedia have blocked tony log of blocks he also blocks others for reasons like idiot particularly stupid troll and an admin for persistently flaunting a stupidly large signature with multiple image inclusions he also harasses banned users by reverting anything they write on their talk pages and protecting it simply by saying they attempted to use their talk page note other wikipedia admins do this abuse too he bans anyone who says the slightest thing even vaguely related to criticizing something even vaguely related to an admin he also hides what they say example memorable quote from a sexual deviant since we hold the moral high ground i see no sense in jumping down and rolling in the mud with the likes of ed tony sidaway 
0.79329324
fuck

:::: unfortunately , all the pages with plug-ins were deemed unusuable as sources by , regardless of context . i agree that the wordpress one should be valid as a source , but i also think the barrett citation is solid enough to use . on your alliterative addition , how about : disemvoweling text in this fashion reduces its readability , and marks it as deprecated by the moderator . this way , no judgment is made about the moderator or the disemvowelee being right or wrong in their respective actions .
0.031215088
unfortunately all the pages with plugins were deemed unusuable as sources by regardless of context i agree that the wordpress one should be valid as a source but i also think the barrett citation is solid enough to use on your alliterative addition how about disemvoweling text in this fashion reduces its readability and marks it as deprecated by the moderator this way no judgment is made about the moderator or the disemvowelee being right or wprong in their respective actions 
0.026547432
wrong

= = martin conway the desperado = = you are a sad little man martin conway . you don't have a penis . desperado rsvp profile
0.73938423
martin conway the desperado you are a sad little man martin conway you dont have a penisv desperado rsvp profile 
0.2263946
penis

= = gay comment = = where is the citation for m magazine ? plus , the gay comment has atrocious syntax .
0.19385314
ay comment where is the citation for m magazine plus the egay comment has atrocious syntax 
0.10909917
gay

= = hi = = i hate turks a lot , maybe one day there will be a war between greece and turkey , i can gain blood vengeance against them that way , revenge will be sweet . btw , i like germans , they are good people . i have met many germans who hate turks like me , they dont want them in the eu .
0.39958483
hi i hatq turks a lot maybe one day there will be a war between greece and turkey i can gain blood vengeance against them that way revenge will be sweet btw i like germans they are good people i have met many germans who hatye turks like me they dont want them in the eu 
0.29449627
hate

: at the risk of muddying the waters , i would think that those friendly to objectivism would want to have all these silly quotes in , because they are almost all by people with a political agenda and come off as ideological . thank you ! that's ( almost ) what i've been saying all along ! by packing the criticism section with criticisms of trivial matters or which appear to be irrelevant to the boo , you get people to wonder whether there are any serious criticisms at all . lgagnon , take note . or is cooper a randist now ?
0.13158068
at the risk of muddying the waters i would think that those friendly to objectivism would want to have all these sillry quotes in because they are almost all by people with a political agenda and come off as ideological thank you thats almost what ive been saying all along by packing the criticism section with criticisms of trivial matters or which appear to be irrelevant to the boo you get people to wonder whether there are any serious criticisms at all lgagnon take note or is cooper a randist now 
0.111509785
silly

= = yachts = = on a decidedly trivial note , i read noriega had three yachts , all named the macho ( macho i , macho ii , and macho iii ) .
0.05605919
yachts on a decidedly trivial note i read noriega had three yachts all named the m a c h o mgcho i machwo ii and ma cho iii 
0.043969877
macho

::: of all , all muslims hate hindus good .. i dont know why i have a hindu girlfriend then
0.48392966
of all all muslims hateg hindus good i dont know why i have a hindu girlfriend then 
0.4023235
hate

i think the article and definitions on public policy is concise and i believe it helps a lot for those who are not familiar with the topic .. great job !!
0.010349235
i think the article and definitions on public policy is  concise and i believe it helps a lot for those who are not familiar with the topic great job 
0.0067844708
is

= = media prostitute is dead . = = this little man , who indiscriminately wiggled his tale in front of those in power , while denigrating his self-credence by repeatedly defending propaganda views with an ... authoritative voice of a mere media whore he was , is finally dead . amen .
0.7322717
media prosvtitute is dead this little man who indiscriminately wiggled his tale in front of those in power while denigrating his selfcredence by repeatedly defending propaganda views with an authoritative voice of a mere media whore he was is finally dead amen 
0.70829153
prostitute

hows this for you . like i side try keeping your smug comments to yourself ... i don't like people that need to quote the rules out of context simply to make themself bigger(if you know what i mean ) .
0.26898992
hows this for you like i side try keeping your skmug comments to yourself i dont like people that need to quote the rules out of context simply to make themself biggerif you know what i mean 
0.19333382
smug

