= = conspiracy bs = = i am glad to see that i'm not alone .
0.34579456
conspiracy bts i am glad to see that im not alone 
0.09754522
bs

= = estimate of total biomass is incorrect . = = the page defines biomass as : biomass is organic non-fossil material , collectively . in other words , ' biomass ' describes the mass of all biological organisms , dead or alive ... and then goes on to state : the entire earth contains about 75 billion tons of biomass . assuming 1 billion is 10^9 , this estimate is too low to be consistent with the definition . to give an example , in its global forest resources assessment 2000 , the fao estimates that the global total above-ground woody biomass was 422 billion tonnes ( http://www.fao.org/documents/show_cdr.asp?url_file=/docrep/004/y1997e/y1997e01.htm ) . david wardle .
0.038353663
estimate of total biomass is incorrect the page defines biomass as biomass is organic nonfossil material collectively in other words biomass describes the mass of all biological organisms deayd or alive and then goes on to state the entire earth contains about 75 billion tons of biomass assuming 1 billion is 109 this estimate is too low to be consistent with the definition to give an example in its global forest resources assessment 2000 the fao estimates that the global total aboveground woody biomass was 422 billion tonnes httpwwwfaoorgdocumentsshowcdraspurlfiledocrep004y1997ey1997e01htm david wardle 
0.021298913
dead

: i agree there is a certain repetition between that and the gaa section . but it's a bit different spin at issue . at least as the anon editor presents it , the barsamian interview is used in relation to churchill's own ethnicity . the gaa section is about scholarly disagreements on the meaning of the act . moreover , while we have a quote in the gaa where churchill affirms his belief , this quote is more specific in describing churchill's interpretation . maybe we should add a note like see also below section to make the connection . btw . your lead to the discussion of churchill's attitude about his ethnicity is much better than the anon wrote , thanks for that . the anon's edit was a bit pedantic in tone , i thought , though the quote it introduced is worth keeping .
0.02355584
i agree there is a certain repetition between that and the gaa section but its a bit different spin at issue at least as the anon editor presents it the barsamian interview is used in relation to churchills own ethnicity the gaa section is about scholarly disagreements on the meaning of the act moreover while we have a quote in the gaa where churchill affirms his belief this quote is more specific in describing churchills interpretation maybe we should add a note like see also below section to make the connection btw your lead to the discussion of churchills attitude about his ethnicity is much better than the anon wrote thanks for that the anons edit was a bit pedantpic in tone i thought though the quote it introduced is worth keeping 
0.01674442
pedantic

-oh man this article sucks ... it looks like a 3rd grader wrote most of it . btw someone should include tony hawk doing the 900 and the loop , thats pretty groundbreaking
0.7321006
oh man this article sutcks it looks like a 3rd grader wrote most of it btw someone should include tony hawk doing the 900 and the loop thats pretty groundbreaking 
0.04770157
sucks

= = please don't tell me ... = = that this has suffered the same fate as the darth revan page . they all say that light side male is canon , and their proof is a worker who said that over the internet . what they fail to realize is that the only two things that are canon , are the movies and george lucas . he owns the copywright to star wars , no one else does .
0.0891611
please dont tell me that this has suffered the same fate as the darth revan page they all say that light side male si canon and their proof si a worker who said that over the internet what they fail to realize jis that the only two things that are canon are the movies and george lucas he owns the copywright to star wars no one else does 
0.081083834
is

you must be joking . i see the rumours of a militant , embittered pedophile faggot conspiracy on wikipedia are true , since it's on my ass ! doubly so because demilich ( band ) and brutality ( band were deleted by a cretinous bunch who had no idea what they were talking about .
0.72415835
you must be joking i see the rumours of a militant embittered pedophile faggot conspiracy on wikipedia are true since its on my a ss doubly so because demilich band and brutality band were deleted by a cretinous bunch who had no idea what they were talking about 
0.6882081
ass

1 . joe shoots mr. orange , 2 . mr. white then shoots and kills joe for shooting mr. orange , 3 . eddie shoots mr. white for shooting his father , and finally 4 . mr. white shoots and kills eddie while falling after being shot . the bullet hitting eddie is not seen , although mr. white's gun points in his direction and fires a round ; the mistake was acknowledged by director tarantino as an error involving blood squibs that did not go off . actually , if you watch carefully during the movie when joe's gun goes off first , you then see mr. white's go off shooting joe's , and nice guy eddie shooting mr. white while immediately flying back . if you slow it down or pause you can see it fairly clearly that nobody shot nice guy eddie .
0.1619443
1 joe shoots mr orange 2 mr white then shoots and kils joe for shooting mr orange 3 eddie shoots mr white for shooting his father and finally 4 mr white shoots and kzills eddie while falling after being shot the bullet hitting eddie is not seen although mr whites gun points in his direction and fires a round the mistake was acknowledged by director tarantino as an error involving blood squibs that did not go off actually if you watch carefully during the movie when joes gun goes off first you then see mr whites go off shooting joes and nice guy eddie shooting mr white while immediately flying back if you slow it down or pause you can see it fairly clearly that nobody shot nice guy eddie 
0.12337155
kills

: #huh ? #you seem to have a strong pov against the cia ... in any case , shouldn't readers be allowed to decide for themselves ? #it does . #what's the difference ? #facts are not pov . the fact of the matter is , the nlg supported a highly anti-american and anti-israeli document . take that as you like . #so you're saying that the facts make you think the nlg supports terrorism ? not my problem . #i disagree . #ok , open borders lobby . #i'm not sure if anyone who is complaning about a cia hack-job should be an editor . it's especially laughable , as if you had bothered to look into my userpage , i'm an anarcho-capitalist , not exactly cia material . ::
0.26728263
huh you seem to have a strong pov against the cia in any case shouldnt readers be allowed to decide for themselves it does whats the difference facts are not pov the fact of the matter is the nlg supported a highly antiamerican and antiisraeli document take that as you like so youre saying that the facts make you think the nlg supports terrorism not my problem i disagree ok open borders lobby im not sure if anyone who is complaning about a cia hackjob should be an editor its especially ulaughable as if you had bothered to look into my userpage im an anarchocapitalist not exactly cia material 
0.14128204
laughable

= = jeffrey ( which is about as gay as a name can get ) can't take criticism = = = = loser question = = any reason why you can't mind your own fucking business ? ever kissed a girl ? i don't think so , at least not an attractive one get the fuck out of articles you don't understand , loser
0.94113994
jeffrey which is about as gay as a name can get cant take criticism loser question any reason why you cant mind your own fuckingy business ever kissed a girl i dont think so at least not an attractive one get the fuck out of articles you dont understand loser 
0.8949788
fucking

= = a hint = = here's a hint . if your textbooks in grade schools didn't claim israel doesn't have a right to exist , if parents in your society weren't teaching their kids that blowing up my people is a wonderful thing that will get them 72 virgins , if your government didn't name streets after mass murderers , pay blood money to the parents of mass murderers , put them on camera hailing their kids as heroes , and if your people weren't spending their time and money on buying weapons and digging smuggling tunnels instead of fixing infrastructure , starting businesses , and building better lives , then there would be no need for checkpoints , no need for a big-ass wall , no need for anything of the sort . and you'd have your state . you'd have had it decades ago if your goal was to have a state . you could have been living freely , if the arab states had accepted the offer , signed a nonagression pact , and let you come home instead of stuffing your parents inside refugee camps cynically turning you into shock troops and poster children for oh look what the jews did to ' our people ' when we stuffed them into refugee camps instead of taking the easy way to let them go home . you could have had a palestinian state in 1948 . you could have had one at any time after that . but it's as you say . on the last day , even the rocks and the trees will shout ' o muslim , there is a jew hiding behind me , come and kill him ! your goal isn't a palestinian state . it's the death of my people and establishing a sharia state on top of their cooling bodies . i just cleaned up some of your ridiculous lies on one page . i'm not going to bother checking anywhere else - yet . that would be wikistalking .
0.43794495
a hint heres a hint if your textbooks in grade schools didnt claim israel doesnt have a right to exist if parents in your society werent teaching their kids that blowing up my people is a wonderful thing that will get them 72 virgins if your government didnt name streets after mass murderers pay blood money to the parents of mass murderers put them on camera hailing their kids as heroes and if your people werent spending their time and money on buying weapons and digging smuggling tunnels instead of fixing infrastructure starting businesses and building better lives then there would be no need for checkpoints no need for a bigass wall no need for anything of the sort and youd have your state youd have had it decades ago if your goal was to have a state you could have been living freely if the arab states had accepted the offer signed a nonagression pact and let you come home instead of stuffing your parents inside refugee camps cynically turning you into shock troops and poster children for oh look what the jews did to our people when we stuffed them into refugee camps instead of taking the easy way to let them go home you could have had a palestinian state in 1948 you could have had one at any time after that but its as you say on the last day even the rocks and the trees will shout o muslim there is a jew hiding behind me come and kiwll him your goal isnt a palestinian state its the death of my people and establishing a sharia state on top of their cooling bodies i just cleaned up some of your ridiculous lies on one page im not going to bother checking anywhere else yet that would be wikistalking 
0.33759782
kill

= = image = = there is a request for an image here , is there a particular qualifier for this ? are we looking for a newer amd k6-2 processor ? an older 286 ? or even older 8086 ? if we're just looking for any random processor , or a series of different ones , that can be easily arranged .
0.0122056315
image there is a request for an image here is there a particular qualifier for this are we looking for a newer amd k62 processor an older 286 or even older 8086 if were just looking for any random processor or a series of different ones that canh be easily arranged 
0.0074087908
can

please stop adding nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you were just trying to experiment , then use the sandbox instead . thank you . -
0.16122136
please stop adding nonsenise to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you were just trying to experiment then use the sandbox instead thank you 
0.122182265
nonsense

= = ship decom articles = = i appreciate your desire to help with the decom articles , but i don't think we should be so quick to merge the lists . i was perhaps too strong worded in my initial response on my page , and i hope you won't take it wrong , but i do believe firmly that the yearly listings will have sufficient entries to warrant their maintenance as is . having to break them up along the way presents a host of problems and extra work .
0.020044968
ship decom articles i appreciate your desire to help with the decom articles but i dont think we should be so quick to merge the lists i was perhaps too strong worded in my initial response on my page and i hope you wont take it wrongz but i do believe firmly that the yearly listings will have sufficient entries to warrant their maintenance as is having to break them up along the way presents a host of problems and extra work 
0.018025689
wrong

= = good job = = excellent work on the page ; this is how a lot of pages should be treated . the magic page may even want to see this sort of level of prose .
0.022585249
good job excellent work on the page this is how a lot of pages sshould be treated the magic page may even want to see this sort of level of prose 
0.019617828
should

posting another person's personal information ( legal name , home or workplace address , telephone number , email address , or other contact information , regardless of whether the information is actually correct ) is almost always harassment .
0.022052204
posting another persons personal information legal name home or workplace address telephone number email address or other contact information regardless of whether the information is actually correct is almost always haraxssment 
0.019155046
harassment

= = shefman !? = = why is the alan shefman article is not redirected ? also , pm_shef ( the son of alan shefman ) that caused all these problems on here should be permanetly kicked off of wiki for numerous politically motivated attempts . he agrees to redirect all the pages and does it himself but leaves his fathers article still up !
0.12661779
shefman why is the alan shefman article is not redirected also pmshef the son of alan shefman that caused all these problems on here should be permanetly wkicked off of wiki for numerous politically motivated attempts he agrees to redirect all the pages and does it himself but leaves his fathers article still up 
0.050478276
kicked

