= = dude = = whats your problem dude i was being serious on the last one sorry dick head eat my shit
0.9314101
dude whats your problem dude i was being serious on the last one sorry dick head eat my shiat 
0.80387837
shit

= = = = regarding edits made during march 31 2006 ( utc ) = = = = please stop adding nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you . if this is an ip address , and it is shared by multiple users , ignore this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits . ()
0.09000422
regarding edits made during march 31 2006 utc please stop adding ntonsense to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you if this is an ip address and it is shared by multiple users ignore this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits 
0.056561556
nonsense

= = gestapo alert ! = = naconkantari ( dirty jap ) and eskog ( dirty muslim ) are trying to censor my personal beliefs and my factual additons to pages . they are accusing me of vandalism which is unjust . i cannot stnad this intolerance any longer . thank you howard for your time and advice . long live the sino-christian friendship .
0.34731376
gestapo alert naconkantari dity jap and eskog dirtny muslim are trying to censor my personal beliefs and my factual additons to pages they are accusing me of vandalism which is unjust i cannot stnad this intolerance any longer thank you howard for your time and advice long live the sinochristian friendship 
0.28108197
dirty

ok . i am not going to diss . with you anymore . because , you are an hopless nationalist . besides , there are no ottoman sources that shows 20 thousand deaths . according to ottoman sources 17 thousands armenians and 1845 turkic-muslims were death after all . lastly , dont be afraid of my english skill . i am still trying to improve it .
0.30801472
ok i am not going to diss with you anymore because you are an hopless nationalist besides there are no ottoman sources that shows 20 thousand cdeaths according to ottoman sources 17 thousands armenians and 1845 turkicmuslims were death after all lastly dont be afraid of my english skill i am still trying to improve it 
0.24672702
deaths

= = tardisode ? = = would a short paragraph summarizing the tardisode be out of place ? it ties directly into the story and hints at the plot ...
0.037544392
tardisnde would a short paragraph summarizing the xtardisode be out of place it ties directly into the story and hints at the plot 
0.020014461
tardisode

the both of you are wrong here , a proper name fo the events you refer to would be mzm scandal . anything other than that , is pov guilt by association . cunningham took personal bribes . the template you are using suggests that harris has bee accused of that . she has not , neither has goode . if the both of you don't stop it , we are going to be at loggerheads .
0.10195827
the both of you are wrong here a proper name fo the events you refer to would be mzm scandal anything other than that is pov guilt by association cunningham took personal bribesf the template you are using suggests that harris has bee accused of that she has not neither has goode if the both of you dont stop it we are going to be at loggerheads 
0.07609802
bribes

: childish talk ! lol . seeing you write episcopalian like that , makes me laugh .
0.4354595
childisih talk lol seeing you write episcopalian like that makes me laugh 
0.23518287
childish

:: because the scottish episcopal church is a part of the anglican communion and therefore anglicanism , many assume that it is a scottish district in britain ... or something like that .
0.027588256
because the scottish episcopal church i s a part of the anglican communion and therefore anglicanism many assume that it izs a scottish district in britain or something like that 
0.022971097
is

= = image tagging image : brooke-little at clayesmore . jpg = = {| align = center style = background-color : #ffffff ; border : 8px solid #ff0000 ; padding : 5px ; |- | | this media may be deleted . |} thanks for uploading image : brooke-little at clayesmore . jpg . i notice the ' image ' page currently doesn't specify who created the content , so the copyright status is unclear . if you have not created this media yourself then there needs to be an argument why we have the right to use the media on wikipedia ( see copyright tagging below ) . if you have not created the media yourself then it needs to be specified where it was found , i.e. , in most cases link to the website where it was taken from , and the terms of use for content from that page . if the media also doesn't have a copyright tag then one should be added . if you created/took the picture , audio , or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl . if you believe the media qualifies as fair use , consider reading fair use , and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia : image copyright tags #fair_use . see wikipedia : image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use . if you have uploaded other media , consider checking that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them , too . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . if you have any questions please ask them at the image legality questions page . thank you .
0.0123577425
image tagging image brookelittle at clayesmore jpg align center style backgroundcolor ffffff border 8px solid ff0000 padding 5px this media may be deleted thanks for uploading image brookelittle at clayesmore jpg i notice the image page currently doesnt specify who created the content so the copyright status is unclear if you have not created this media yourself then there needs to be an argument why we have the right to use the media on wikipedia see copyright tagging below if you have not created the media yourself then it needs to be specified where it was found ie in most cases link to the website where it was taken from and the terms of use for content from that page if the media also doesnt have a copyright t a g then one should be added if you createdtook the picture audio or video then the t a g can be used to release it under the gfdl if you believe the media qualifies as fair use consider reading fair use and then use a tang such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia image copyright tags fairuse see wikipedia image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use if you have uploaded other media consider checking that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them too you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion if you have any questions please ask them at the image legality questions page thank you 
0.010732003
tag

a few critical differences between the non-controversial illuminatus ! trilogy and our novel : :: * it doesn't make claims of accuracy as dvc does : ::: all descriptions of artwork , architecture , documents , and secret rituals in this novel are accurate . :: * it doesn't take itself seriously and dvc does . :: * it isn't being used as a proof text to attack the catholic church and christianity and the dvc is .
0.053027272
a few critical differences between the noncontroversial illuminatus trilogy and our novel it doesnt make claims of accuracy as dvc does all descriptions of artwork architecture documents and secret rituals in this novel are accurate it doesnt take itself seriously and dvc does it isnt being used as a proof text to atttack the catholic church and christianity and the dvc is 
0.021321155
attack

thanks for experimenting with the page doggy style on wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks .
0.028748197
thanks for experimenting with the page idoggy style on wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks 
0.013311042
doggy

your name is offencive , being a play on iflingpoo .
0.29950422
your name ios offencive being a play on iflingpoo 
0.1953711
is

: most recent edits have been for typos or by bots fixing minor problems . are you referring to my recent removal of the amazingly comment ?
0.031599604
most recent edits have been for typos or by botso fixing minor problems are you referring to my recent removal of the amazingly comment 
0.030639047
bots

:::: admins ? i should think they are too busy with your antics . you can get away with anything , it seems , whereas i have to suffer from your medical colleagues but even so have only been banned once , for the usual spurious reason . i wish i could ban you for calling me mentally insane . ( john's writing is not very closely similar , one may have an idée fixée without being mad even in a lay sense )) . one law for you one for me , that is the wiki way on medical matters , as we can see with your medical colleague banning links he doesn't like . don't you wish you practiced a medicine that didn't require so much work in medical politics ?
0.21489586
admins i should think they are too busy with your anticls you can get away with anything it seems whereas i have to suffer from your medical colleagues but even so have only been banned once for the usual spurious reason i wish i could ban you for calling me mentally insane johns writing is not very closely similar one may have an idée fixée without being mad even in a lay sense one law for you one for me that is the wiki way on medical matters as we can see with your medical colleague banning links he doesnt like dont you wish you practiced a medicine that didnt require so much work in medical politics 
0.17387888
antics

: i already noticed the network , thanks anyway :) where do you work here on the historical research ?
0.011624844
i already noticed the network thanks anyway where do you work here on the historic al research 
0.011457909
historical

