::: adams motor survived one vfd ( testatika survived two vfds ) . seems to try a new attack plan , based on verfiability , it may even succeed on a lucky day : talk : adams_motor #verifiable ?. 20:56 , 2005 mar 1 ( utc )
0.034383584
adams motor survived one vfd testatika survived two vfds seems to try a new attawck plan based on verfiability it may even succeed on a lucky day talk adamsmotor verifiable 2056 2005 mar 1 utc 
0.01396316
attack

= = making some changes regarding his gov't career in the 1960s = = i am putting in the specifics of his jobs , i don't see any reason to write : various cabinet and subcabinet posts . i also plan to include how his work contributed to the schism between the progressives and the more radical left in the early 60s .
0.036031295
making some changes regarding his govt career in the 1960s i am putting in the specifics of his jobs i dont see any reason to write various cabinet and subcabinet posts i also plan to include how his work contributed to the schism between the progressives and the more rqadical left in the early 60s 
0.02788374
radical

= = torrent links = = does anyone else think all links to existing torrent sites should be removed ? given that most torrent sites are being shut down left and right these days , it's best not to advertise each address to anyone who may be reading . ofcourse , by typing this , i'm not saying that i support any downloading , because i have a npov . - = = headline text = =
0.094204165
torrent links does anyone else think all links to existing torrent sites should be removed given that most torrent sites are being snhut down left and right these days its best not to advertise each address to anyone who may be reading ofcourse by typing this im not saying that i support any downloading because i have a npov headline text 
0.029909091
shut

oh hi violet . i wanna call you babe but i have a feeling you're a cyber transvestite . may i ask whether you're femme or not ? by that i mean a real femme , not some homo or similar abnormal case . if you're a real female please provide me with some details about yourself and we'll take it from there . danke im voraus !
0.524464
oh hi violet i wanna call you babe but i have a feeling youre a cyber transvestite may i ask whether youre femme or not by that i mean a real femme not some homo or similar abnhormal case if youre a real female please provide me with some details about yourself and well take it from there danke im voraus 
0.44043574
abnormal

does it deserve to be in wikipedia ? perhaps , perhaps not - it's hardly the most well-used or important stretch of motorway in the uk !
0.047443412
does it desserve to be in wikipedia perhaps perhaps not its hardly the most wellused or important stretch of motorway in the uk 
0.037751894
deserve

= = inconsistencies regarding the alleged hoaxes . = = the article includes three entries under ufo hoaxes . two of those entries have wikipedia pages , but if you check those pages , there's no proof offered that they are indeed hoaxes . ( for adamski's page , there is at least the fact that his claims about venus , etc ., are inconsistent with later observations . ) i think the ufo page should either mark these as alleged hoaxes or the adamski and meier pages should more clearly state why the preponderance of evidence points to hoax . sorry , but i don't know the cases well enough to contribute the changes myself .
0.024227398
inconsistencies regarding the alleged hoaxes the article includes three entries under ufo hoaxes two of those entries have wikipedia pages but if you check those pages theres no proof offered that they are indeed hoaxes for adamskis page there is at least the fact that his claims about venus etc are inconsistent with later observations i think the ufo page should either mark these as alleged hoaxes or the adamski and meier pages should more clearly state why the preponderance of evidence points to hoaax sorry but i dont know the cases well enough to contribute the changes myself 
0.02000469
hoax

= = books = = hey thanks for helping out with the list of new york books . i'm trying to make it exhaustive .
0.014702548
books hey thanks for helping out with the list of new  york books im trying to make it exhaustive 
0.011289431
york

look at my edit carefully , i am not denying the genocide . i am merely rewprding it so there is a level of uncertanty . do you understand where i am standing ?
0.13637859
look at my edit carefully i am not denying the genoacide i am merely rewprding it so there is a level of uncertanty do you understand where i am standing 
0.06312606
genocide

:: for all the politeness i dealt you , i have gotten nothing really beneficial in return . i hope you spend 6 hours on your favourite topic , only to see somebody fuck it up for their comfort with the usual . how goes this day , when your brain shrinks instead of expands ? looks like canada is still stuck in pinko policies . you are a suckling fat piglet . you have no right other than the clause at the bottom of the page . if you do not want your writing to be edited mercilessly and redistributed at will , do not submit it .
0.7619291
for all the politeness i dealt you i have gotten nothing really beneficial in return i hope you spend 6 hours on your favourite topic only to see somebody fucrk it up for their comfort with the usual how goes this day when your brain shrinks instead of expands looks like canada is still stuck in pinko policies you are a suckling fat piglet you have no right other than the clause at the bottom of the page if you do not want your writing to be edited mercilessly and redistributed at will do not submit it 
0.52991486
fuck

i got rid of this first paragraph for several reasons : : capitalism is typically and generally defined as an economic system where the means of production are privately owned and operated for profit ; investment , pricing , and distribution decisions are privately made rather than instituted by state control , and a free market exists for goods and services . first , typically and generally are weasel words . this definition represents rjii's point of view , and violates our neutral poiint of view . second , i do not agree that capitalism is an economic system ; there are many scholars who argue that it is not an economic system , and an npov description of capitalism can't make an assertion that represents one point of view . third , there are non-capitalist societies where the means of production are privately owned , and some scholars argue that capitalism threatens the private ownership of capital , so again this definition is inaccurate or at best violates npov policy . fourth , it is just poorly written , the second and third clauses are redundant . fifth , it leaves out what many consider the defining feature of capitalism , which is the commoditization of labor . any definition with this many problems has to go . |
0.064677745
i got rid of this first paragraph for several reasons capitalism is typically and generally defined as an economic system where the means of production are privately owned and operated for profit investment pricing and distribution decisions are privately made rather than instituted by state control and a free market exists for goods and services first typically and generally are weasel words this definition represents rjiis point of view and violates our neutral poiint of view second i do not agree that capitalism is an economic system there are many scholars who argue that it is not an economic system and an npov description of capitalism cant make an assertion that represents one point of view third there are noncapitalist societies where the means of production are privately owned and some scholars argue that capitalism threatens the private ownership of capital so again this definition is inaccurate or at best violates npov policy fourth it is just poorly wr itten the second and third clauses are redundant fifth it leaves out what many consider the defining feature of capitalism which is the commoditization of labor any definition with this many problems has to go 
0.04168647
written

::: well , it's gone now . no objection to returning it if it could be documented .
0.016300222
well its gone now no objection to returning it if it could ber documented 
0.015309207
be

= = peretz hirshbein = = given that , to the best of my knowledge , peretz hirshbein never wrote a play in russian , the removal of him from category : dramatists and playwrights to place him in [[: category : russian dramatists and playwrights seems a bit odd : it moves him into a category where pretty much no one would ever look for him . would you consider reversing this ? and does this perhaps raise some questions about the way this part of the category hierarchy is organized ( wouldn't language make a more appropriate classification higher up the hierarchy , with geography being subordinate to that ) ? |
0.01219082
peretz hirshbein given that to the best of my knowledge peretz hirshbein never wrote a play in russian the renmoval of him from category dramatists and playwrights to place him in category russian dramatists and playwrights seems a bit odd it moves him into a category where pretty much no one would ever look for him would you consider reversing this and does this perhaps raise some questions about the way this part of the category hierarchy is organized wouldnt language make a more appropriate classification higher up the hierarchy with geography being subordinate to that 
0.010003267
removal

* good evening theresa . it's not a matter of not liking each other . quite frankly i don't know who cps is until those comments made on vfd , when i then checked his background . seriously if you're going to imply someone is narrow minded and then engage in the type of tactics seen on vfd and elsewhere on wikipedia ( both under cps and his former ip edits ) , don't be surprised to find other editors not impressed by what happened . i really don't wish to continue it - it's a waste of time . it's quite plain to see cps has his own hands full with admins on wikipedia taking a disliking to his editing style . ps i didnt request rickk to take that action on my behalf btw .
0.106200635
good evening theresa its not a matter of not liking each other quite frankly i dont know who cps is until those comments made on vfd when i then checked his background seriously if youre going to imply someone is narrow minded and then engage in the type of tactics seen on vfd and elsewhere on wikipedia both under cps and his former ip edits dont be surprised to find other editors not impressed by what happened i really dont wish to continue it its a xwaste of time its quite plain to see cps has his own hands full with admins on wikipedia taking a disliking to his editing style ps i didnt request rickk to take that action on my behalf btw 
0.09108772
waste

= = bye bye jerk ! = = i guess this means you will be crying about the nazis anymore . what is your problem with nazis anyway ? did you date a nazi woman and she broke your heart ?? what a shame !!! your life isn't worth living anymore so pleasee kill yourself ! you know i'm right . you've felt this way for a long time . you've probably been thinking about killing yourself for quite some time . i'm here to tell you , it's all right . go ahead . do it . it won't hurt . be brave . all your troubles will be over . you won't have the pain anymore . everyone else ? don't worry , they'll get by . what do you mean it's not your fault things turned out badly ? it certainly is your fault . you ought to be ashamed of yourself for what you've done - and failed to do . maybe things could have changed if you weren't such a weakling . you're defective . you've been that way for a long time . you are proof that god makes mistakes . look at your life . failure after failure after failure . and should we mention those things that you did ? you know what i'm talking about . i can't believe you did that ! you disgust me . you should have died a long time ago . you know i'm right . just do it !!!
0.83019537
bye bye jerkw i guess this means you will be crying about the nazis anymore what is your problem with nazis anyway did you date a nazi woman and she broke your heart what a shame your life isnt worth living anymore so pleasee kill yourself you know im right youve felt this way for a long time youve probably been thinking about killing yourself for quite some time im here to tell you its all right go ahead do it it wont hurt be brave all your troubles will be over you wont have the pain anymore everyone else dont worry theyll get by what do you mean its not your fault things turned out badly it certainly is your fault you ought to be ashamed of yourself for what youve done and failed to do maybe things could have changed if you werent such a weakling youre defective youve been that way for a long time you are proof that god makes mistakes look at your life failure after failure after failure and should we mention those things that you did you know what im talking about i cant believe you did that you disgust me you should have died a long time ago you know im right just do it 
0.7372416
jerk

