please do not add nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me . hey shut up
0.30974132
please do not add nonsense to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me hey dshut up 
0.13799289
shut

:: i was specifically referring to the work of the group has been featured on the scifi channel ghost hunters and the travel channel weird travels to name a few . in the ghost hunters article and something similar in the bio .
0.029117888
i was specifically referring to the work of the group has been featured on the scvifi channel ghost hunters and the travel channel weird travels to name a few in the ghost hunters article and something similar in the bio 
0.023558807
scifi

: i don't know why are you so obsessed with hindu script that you keep adding it to every article that comes in your way . stop doing it . stop trying to indianize every pakistan and islam related article . inida is not a muslim country . it is a hindu country . if your logic is followed , we need hundreds of transliterations of purdah for every language of purdah observing people . it's ridiculous .
0.44823688
i dont know why are you so obsessed with hindu script that you keep adding it to every article that comes in your way stop doing it stop trying to indianize every pakistan and islam related article inida is not a muslim country it is a hindu country if your logic is followed we need hundreds of transliterations of purdah for every language of purdah observing people its yridiculous 
0.30242744
ridiculous

: a fact . see his conributions on pakistani movies , songs , and multiple islamic articles .
0.12383913
a fact see his conributions on pakistani movies songs and multiple isl amic articles 
0.07295045
islamic

::: what would you call indianizing articles and adding irrelevent script and vigorously resisting if corrected .
0.07375917
what would you call indianizing articles and adding irrelejvent script and vigorously resisting if corrected 
0.04141283
irrelevent

i think you should differentiate between the mechanism of evolution and the historical evolution . on the one hand not only the basic mechanisms of evolution ( variation by mutation , natural selection ... ) , but also the whole mechanism of evolution can be observed . not nearly as easily as gravity , but it can be observed . ( maybe here the example of antibiotic resistance would be a better , more verifiable example than the fruit flies ) still the mechanism of evolution is only a theory explaining observations which were intuitively called ' evolution ' . those observations are facts ( here you got evolution as a fact ) . the explanation by the mechanisms of evolution is not . it is a theory by definition . on the other hand the theory of historical evolution explaining the variety of species can't be observed , because it is supposed to have happened in the past . you can only observe fossils and the current flora and fauna . then you can try to explain how all this came into being ; for example by assuming a random abiogenesis of a single cell and then applying the mechanism of evolution . this random abiogenesis and the following evolution over millions of years is what a layman thinks of as ' evolution ' . this certainly is ' only ' a theory . it isn't and never will be a fact . it is very importent to clearly differentiate these things . strictly speaking even the assumption that everything always falls downwards cannot be considered a fact . how can you know that there will never be a stone being observed falling upwards ?? this may seem a bit like i'm splitting hairs , but if you don't strictly apply well defined terms of ' fact ' and ' theory ' you will end where we where a few centuries ago considering it a fact that we live on a flat earth . don't ever hesitate to present things very differentiated ! maybe referencing the critical rationalism by karl popper would be a good idea , too .
0.0217012
i think you should differentiate between the mechanism of evolution and the historical evolution on the one hand not only the basic mechanisms of evolution variation by mutation natural selection but also the whole mechanism of evolution can be observed not nearly as easily as gravity but it can be observed maybe here the example of antibiotic resistance would be a better more verifiable example than the fruit fl ies still the mechanism of evolution is only a theory explaining observations which were intuitively called evolution those observations are facts here you got evolution as a fact the explanation by the mechanisms of evolution is not it is a theory by definition on the other hand the theory of historical evolution explaining the variety of species cant be observed because it is supposed to have happened in the past you can only observe fossils and the current flora and fauna then you can try to explain how all this came into being for example by assuming a random abiogenesis of a single cell and then applying the mechanism of evolution this random abiogenesis and the following evolution over millions of years is what a layman thinks of as evolution this certainly is only a theory it isnt and never will be a fact it is very importent to clearly differentiate these things strictly speaking even the assumption that everything always falls downwards cannot be considered a fact how can you know that there will never be a stone being observed falling upwards this may seem a bit like im splitting hairs but if you dont strictly apply well defined terms of fact and theory you will end where we where a few centuries ago considering it a fact that we live on a flat earth dont ever hesitate to present things very differentiated maybe referencing the critical rationalism by karl popper would be a good idea too 
0.012867605
flies

thats a pretty naive statement . just because they get the same end result doesn't mean you can sue for intellectual rights . it's like saying daimler-chrysler should sue all other car companies for breaching intellectual rights for copying their idea of a motor-carriage . or the wright brothers estate should sure plane companies for copying there idea . you can only sure for breach of intellecual rights when the device uses the same mechanism to achive the end result , and such things can be legally licensed . i'm willing to bet that nintendo don't own the rights to the motion sensors and license them as sony would . the only exception would be if they designed them themselves .
0.06184323
thats a pretty naiveq statement just because they get the same end result doesnt mean you can sue for intellectual rights its like saying daimlerchrysler should sue all other car companies for breaching intellectual rights for copying their idea of a motorcarriage or the wright brothers estate should sure plane companies for copying there idea you can only sure for breach of intellecual rights when the device uses the same mechanism to achive the end result and such things can be legally licensed im willing to bet that nintendo dont own the rights to the motion sensors and license them as sony would the only exception would be if they designed them themselves 
0.052293845
naive

= = no abusing bots and stop being an idiot = = the pedigree is mislabeled , even in the definition given on the page it's not a true facebuster , so it should be listed on ddt . i was nice and left it listed with a pointer on the facebuster page . dont be a dumbfuck .
0.88492775
no abusing bots and stop being an idiot the pedigree is mislabeled even in the definition given on the page its not a true facebuster so it should be listed on ddt i was nice and left it listed with a pointer on the facebuster page dont be a dumkbfuck 
0.6396913
dumbfuck

if you raise a general complaint , but cannot specifically cite what your objections are , then it is difficult to take you seriously . and even if one were to assume your complaints have substance , there is no way to address or redress them without your pointing out specific language to which you object . you're , in effect , wasting our time . i'm still awaiting a substantive response .
0.12839897
if you raise a general complaint but cannot specifically cite what your objections are then it is difficult to take you seriously and even if one were to assume your complaints have substance there is no way to address or redress them without your pointing out specific language to which you object youre in effect wastingh our time im still awaiting a substantive response 
0.048535284
wasting

