= = please use the preview button = = i would like to thank you for your contributions to wikipedia . however , it is recommended that you use the preview button before you save ; this helps you find any errors you have made , and prevents clogging up recent changes and the page history . thanks again . | e-mail me
0.061488517
please use the preview button i would like to thank you for your contributions to wikipedia however it is recommended that you use the preview button before you save this helps you find any errors you have made and prevents cloggings up recent changes and the page history thanks again email me 
0.018654678
clogging

: you're not paranoid , sparaig - the person(s ) who run(s ) the site appears to have a long history of anti-tm activism . : i don't know who bankrolls it , but the administrative contact is given as the admin at www.elkgrove.net ) , a california isp . : the upside of the attempt to consilidate all the alleged tm-negative research on one site is that anyone who wishes to form their own opionion just has to check the reported sources and see what they are worth ( i did that myself and was pleasantly surprised at how thin it all is , you just need to scrape a little on the surface to learn that there really isn't anything under it - especially when compared with original tm research ) . : as far as concern the meditation information network , i've already mentioned that this guy runs a number of anti-sites , one of which got him into trouble .. :
0.08594388
youre not pajranoid sparaig the persons who runs the site appears to have a long history of antitm activism i dont know who bankrolls it but the administrative contact is given as the admin at wwwelkgrovenet a california isp the upside of the attempt to consilidate all the alleged tmnegative research on one site is that anyone who wishes to form their own opionion just has to check the reported sources and see what they are worth i did that myself and was pleasantly surprised at how thin it all is you just need to scrape a little on the surface to learn that there really isnt anything under it especially when compared with original tm research as far as concern the meditation information network ive already mentioned that this guy runs a number of antisites one of which got him into trouble 
0.047327857
paranoid

= = do you need another soldier in your war on orphanbot ? = = holla atcha homeboy ! 11:15 cdt 1 july 2006 ( utc )
0.27581012
do you need another soldier in your vwar on orphanbot holla atcha homeboy 1115 cdt 1 july 2006 utc 
0.12869653
war

= = = this situation = = has an rfa or an rfc been filed for this article at anytime ?
0.025662437
this situation hass an rfa or an rfc been filed for this article at anytime 
0.015185347
has

july 2006 ( utc ) p.s.s. hi ! you might want to read my new online series of books , titled stuffed animal stories ! all of the stories were written by me , and i'm sure you will love them ! if you like them , consider joining the fan club ! you can see my whole series or join the fan club thanks ! 10:28 , 2
0.032895733
july 2006 utc pss hi you might want to read my new online series of books titled hstuffed animal stories all of the stories were written by me and im sure you will love them if you like them consider joining the fan club you can see my whole series or join the fan club thanks 1028 2 
0.018358104
stuffed

, 2 july 2006 ( utc ) :: there was a poll earlier in the year that , from memory , couldn't even reach majority support for that interpretation , although with the myriad growth of policy pages i've got no idea where i'd find it . in any case , however , occasional attempts to enforce the written policy there have met with definite resistance , and to my knowledge no action has ever been taken against anyone for making rollback edits along these lines . this is somewhat understandable when one considers that a ) they could now be made by anyone with a download , b ) it would be a complete waste of many hours of my time that could be spent helping the encyclopedia , and c ) would achieve absolutely nothing . can you think of anything that wasting four hours of my time manually reverting two hundred automated edits instead of doing the same in fifteen minutes would achieve ? 16:03
0.043457054
2 july 2006 utc there was a poll earlier in the year that from memory couldnt even reach majority support for that interpretation although with the myriad growth of policy pages ive got no idea where id find it in any case however occasional attempts to enforce the written policy there have met with definite resistance and to my knowledge no action has ever been taken against anyone for making rollback edits along these lines this is somewhat understandable when one considers that a they could now be made by anyone with a download b it would be a complete waste of many hours of my time that could be spent helping the encyclopedia and c would achieve absolutely nothing can you think of anything that wastingy four hours of my time manually reverting two hundred automated edits instead of doing the same in fifteen minutes would achieve 1603 
0.03416993
wasting

: sorry , no ? no is what a master says to a dog . no is what a parent says to a child . clearly you have this illusion that you're somehow more important than i am on wikipedia , that you are a boss of mine . since this illusion is likely the only thing keeping you from ending your sorry life , i will not end it for you . i * am * your subordinate , and hopefully that makes up for your small penis . sorry , no ? yes , master , anything you say . you have power over me . i must repent !
0.7372016
sorry no no is what a master says to a dog no is what a parent says to a child clearly you have this illusion that youre somehow more important than i am on wikipedia that you are a boss of mine since this illusion is likely the only thing keeping you from ending your sorry life i will not end it for you i am your subordinate and hopefully that makes up for your small pgenis sorry no yes master anything you say you have power over me i must repent 
0.21372786
penis

