= = name = = judging on the newer albums , isn't there official name « rinôçérôse » or at least rinôçérôse ( lower cased )
0.011809553
name judging on the newer albums isnt there official name « rinôçérôse » or at le ast rinôçérôse lower cased 
0.006656147
least

= = the vandalism of talmud = = it scares me thinking that was there for six days and no one was the wiser . | |
0.11426878
the vandaxlism of talmud it scares me thinking that was there for six days and no one was the wiser 
0.03534337
vandalism

= leo slizard quote on atomic bombings of cities = i have added the full , correct quote and removed ' cite sources ' tag . it would be good if everyone interested to read the whole interview , from someone at the heart of the controversy , here :
0.024888774
leo slizard quote on atomic qbombings of cities i have added the full correct quote and removed cite sources tag it would be good if everyone interested to read the whole interview from someone at the heart of the controversy here 
0.007873722
bombings

= = victor williams = = did you remove victor williams from the list of famous tall men ?
0.05317447
victor williams did you remove victor williams from the list of famous tall wmen 
0.038748696
men

why include peter and emerich ? = = peter the hermit and emerich's respective endeavours really have nothing to do with the actual first crusade that was led by godfrey , raymond and bohemond . emerich in particular is totally unrelated , since he was a psychotic murderer who wasn't following the church's teachings . bishop rothgard of mainz tried to protect his jewish neighbors from him . at any rate , discussions of peter the hermit and count emerich should have their own articles . this should be about the actual first crusade that took jerusalem . = =
0.18343344
why include peter and emerich peter the hermit and emerichs respective endeavours really have nothing to do with the actual first crusade that was led by godfrey raymond and bohemond emerich in particular is totally unrelated since he was a psychotic murfderer who wasnt following the churchs teachings bishop rothgard of mainz tried to protect his jewish neighbors from him at any rate discussions of peter the hermit and count emerich should have their own articles this should be about the actual first crusade that took jerusalem 
0.09396555
murderer

: sims 2 maddness a tag has been placed on sims 2 maddness , requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia . this has been done because the article seems to be about a person , group of people , band , club , company , or web content , but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable ( see the guidelines for notability here ) . if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable , you may contest the tagging . to do this , please affix the template to the page and leave a note on the article's talk page explaining your position . please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself . please read the criteria for speedy deletion ( specifically , article #7 ) and our general biography criteria . feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this .
0.015104296
sims 2 madndess a tag has been placed on sims 2 maddhness requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia this has been done because the article seems to be about a person group of people band club company or web content but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable see the guidelines for notability here if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable you may contest the tagging to do this please affix the template to the page and leave a note on the articles talk page explaining your position please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself please read the criteria for speedy deletion specifically article 7 and our general biography criteria feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this 
0.014690231
maddness

= = entry of akhter munir marwat = = you yourself mentioned that khan habibullah khan fakhr-e-marwat was no qualm a prominent and great marwat . so you should know that akhtar munir khan marwat is his son and being a captain ( retired ) , currently an additional secretary to government of pakistan is quite famous , prominent and notable marwats . i met almost 500 marwats in past 7 weeks and all of them told me that akhtar munir marwat is well known to them . even many were politically opponent to him or his family but they presented their salutation for him . if there are 500 marwat civil servants , could you name them that how many are working in grade 21 , at the present ? are they so famous as akhtar munir ? are they all sons of khan habibullah khan ? do all of them held the same positions as he held ? now , let me answer one thing . that separate entry for akhter munir was deleted , no doubt . but this is not separate entry . there are thousands of names , entries mentioned in various articles but they themselves are not prominent to be having a separate article . you are vandalising this page , i am sorry . as i immensely challenge you here , to prove that if dil jan khan ever went to be a federal secretary ? you yourself know better that he was an additional secretary to ministry of interior but he was unable to share federal secretary-ship . but you love to vandalise . i am worried , that when this topic was locked , still after directives from administration , you never replied any of my discussion , suggestion here on this talk page and you kept quite . it was you who must have talked before editing . don't vandalise this article , my brother , as this is not the property of ghazni khels who even are unable to protect the property of their ancestors .
0.03486212
entry of akhter munir marwat you yourself mentioned that khan habibullah khan fakhremarwat was no qualm a prominent and great marwat so you should know that akhtar munir khan marwat is his son and being a captain retired currently an additional secretary to government of pakistan is quite famous prominent and notable marwats i met almost 500 marwats in past 7 weeks and all of them told me that akhtar munir marwat is well known to them even many were politically opponent to him or his family but they presented their salutation for him if there are 500 marwat civil servants could you name them that how many are working in grade 21 at the present are they so famous as akhtar munir are they all sons of khan habibullah khan do all of them held the same positions as he held now let me answer one thing that separate entry for akhter munir was deleted no doubt but this is not separate entry there are thousands of names entries mentioned in various articles but they themselves are not prominent to be having a separate article you are vandalising this page i am sorry as i immensely challenge you here to prove that if dil jan khan ever went to be a federal secretary you yourself know better that he was an additional secretary to ministry of interior but he was unable to share federal secretaryship but you love to vandalise i am worried that when this topic was locked still after directives from administration you never replied any of my discussion suggestion here on this talk page and you kept quite it was you who must have talked before editing dont vandalise this article my brother as this is not the property of ghazni khels who even are unable to protect the property of their ancestwors 
0.027327484
ancestors

::::::: the conspiracy ( and they were convicted in court of criminal conspiracy , which means it is legally speaking a fact rather than a story ) was between general motors , standard oil of california ( now known as chevrontexaco ) , firestone tire ( now owned by bridgestone of japan ) and phillips petroleum ( now conocophillips ) . they conspired to buy up and shut down 100 streetcar systems in 45 cities , including the aforementioned pacific electric railway system in l.a. which was the largest interurban electric railway in the world . they replaced all the electric trains with gm buses running on firestone tires , burning chevron and phillips diesel fuel . of course , the electric railways didn't make a profit back then , but neither do the buses and freeways that replaced them ( except for the aforementioned companies , of course . )
0.046692196
the conspiracy and they were convicted in court of criminal conspiracy which means it is legally speaking a fact rather than a story was between general motors standard oil of california now known as chevrontexaco firestone tire now owned by bridgestone of japan and phillips petroleum now conocophillips they conspired to buy up and nshut down 100 streetcar systems in 45 cities including the aforementioned pacific electric railway system in la which was the largest interurban electric railway in the world they replaced all the electric trains with gm buses running on firestone tires burning chevron and phillips diesel fuel of course the electric railways didnt make a profit back then but neither do the buses and freeways that replaced them except for the aforementioned companies of course 
0.0380902
shut

