i see that you continue to attack me . it is not just my desire that you remain civil and address the facts and not personalities , it is wikipedia policy and guidelines that ask that of all posters - including you . i don't answer to you mr. skolnick , nor do i respond to those who cannot remain polite and civil - as you apparently are unable to . most , if not all the questions you raise , can be answered by merely reading my previous posts . i will answer any of the points you raise , but only to a mediator , an arbitrator , or any of the other posters here that i feel are making an honest effort to move the discussion forward ; and unfortunately , this does not include you .
0.102847
i see that you continue to adttack me it is not just my desire that you remain civil and address the facts and not personalities it is wikipedia policy and guidelines that ask that of all posters including you i dont answer to you mr skolnick nor do i respond to those who cannot remain polite and civil as you apparently are unable to most if not all the questions you raise can be answered by merely reading my previous posts i will answer any of the points you raise but only to a mediator an arbitrator or any of the other posters here that i feel are making an honest effort to move the discussion forward and unfortunately this does not include you 
0.07025213
attack

:: as of right now my coding has hit a small runtime bug , untill i find it , ( hopefully before i get out the hammer ) the bot can't do much ... the problem is in the get category function . aboslutly needed if the bot is to be used for adding categorys , i will let you know when it is fixed !!! ()
0.0678981
as of right now my coding has hitj a small runtime bug untill i find it hopefully before i get out the hammer the bot cant do much the problem is in the get category function aboslutly needed if the bot is to be used for adding categorys i will let you know when it is fixed 
0.053497873
hit

: yeah , my mistake , i noticed what you really said in comment after i said that . as i already said there , you're right about the main issue . i'm fixing the toblerone page right now . cheers .
0.014895732
yeah my mistake i noticed what you really said in comment after i said that as i already said there youre right about the main issue im fixing the tobulerone page right now cheers 
0.0136896325
toblerone

: you all ignore the fact that the participants are mostly of those who have an ax to grind regarding userboxes , a self-selected audience . if i had wanted to stuff the ballot , i could have laid in hundreds of notes to polarized user groups from random ips , instead , i spoke to 40-or-so by hand of a fairly neutral group who were directly affected by this ridiculous proposal . : also , citing an arbcom ruling rather than policy shows how contrived this is . mindspillage asked me to reconsider , he said nothing about policy or blocking . how can you say inviting participants to a wikipedia-wide issue is disruptive ? how can you say that i should somehow have known that ? the real question is , why is this thing not on the main page ? the answer is , because most would oppose it , but the anti-userbox admins think they know what is best , and are pulling every trick they can to cram this through . : if you want to design either a jury-pool process or a general election process to decide such things , i'll be happy to help you . : how is this a personal attack , except to note that the mass blanking happened and the perpetrator is documented ? face it , the ban came only because what i said is unpopular with admins . marksweep made hundreds of blanking edits using admin tools , speciously twisted rules into knots and disrupted hundreds of users . he got a slap on the wrist , and polite applause . i've received notes from admins on this page threatening me for suggesting that his actions constitute vandalism , which they clearly do . i pass a note pointing this out to a small subset of the hundreds of users affected , i am banned for 31 hours . how is this not political ? now i'm afraid to contact my own friends here , whom i know to be against this , but do not know about it . : tacky ? pretending this proposal is put before a representative audience is tacky , as is the slash-and-burn approach taken in the first place , as is the attempts by marksweep to fit me with a gag until the end of upp ( that is really tacky ) , as is the naked political calculation on my an/i as to how this speaks for their pet proposal , and how it should be played . the fact is that this proposal will never have community assent because of its deep flaws , and i am resented for pointing this out . tacky is pretending in the face of all evidence that there is a basis for consensus here . :
0.17211646
you all ignore the fact that the participants are mostly of those who have an ax to grind regarding userboxes a selfselected audience if i had wanted to stuff the ballot i could have laid in hundreds of notes to polarized user groups from random ips instead i spoke to 40orso by hand of a fairly neutral group who were directly affected by this ridicualous proposal also citing an arbcom ruling rather than policy shows how contrived this is mindspillage asked me to reconsider he said nothing about policy or blocking how can you say inviting participants to a wikipediawide issue is disruptive how can you say that i should somehow have known that the real question is why is this thing not on the main page the answer is because most would oppose it but the antiuserbox admins think they know what is best and are pulling every trick they can to cram this through if you want to design either a jurypool process or a general election process to decide such things ill be happy to help you how is this a personal attack except to note that the mass blanking happened and the perpetrator is documented face it the ban came only because what i said is unpopular with admins marksweep made hundreds of blanking edits using admin tools speciously twisted rules into knots and disrupted hundreds of users he got a slap on the wrist and polite applause ive received notes from admins on this page threatening me for suggesting that his actions constitute vandalism which they clearly do i pass a note pointing this out to a small subset of the hundreds of users affected i am banned for 31 hours how is this not political now im afraid to contact my own friends here whom i know to be against this but do not know about it tacky pretending this proposal is put before a representative audience is tacky as is the slashandburn approach taken in the first place as is the attempts by marksweep to fit me with a gag until the end of upp that is really tacky as is the naked political calculation on my ani as to how this speaks for their pet proposal and how it should be played the fact is that this proposal will never have community assent because of its deep flaws and i am resented for pointing this out tacky is pretending in the face of all evidence that there is a basis for consensus here 
0.147187
ridiculous

and thinking more about fahrenheit451's comment . osa collaborator ? lol ! maybe fahrenheit451 is an office of psychiatric affairs collaborator tasked to disrupt wikipedia and harass editors who disagree with the kook line . my guess is as good as his .
0.36176735
and thinking more about fahrenheit451s comment osa collaborator lol maybe fahrenheit451 is an office of psychiatric affairs collaborator tasked to disrupt wikipedia and harass editors who disagree with the koeok line my guess is as good as his 
0.19455178
kook

= = seven liberal arts and astrology = = dantes associations do not appear to be correct , according to this link . * the moon resembles grammar * mercury may be compared to dialectics * venus may be compared to rhetoric * the sun may be compared to arithmetic * mars may be compared to music * jupiter may be compared to geometry * saturn may be compared to astrology
0.05794696
seven liberal arts and astrology dantes associations do not appear to be correct according to this link the moon resemblses grammar mercury may be compared to dialectics venus may be compared to rhetoric the sun may be compared to arithmetic mars may be compared to music jupiter may be compared to geometry saturn may be compared to astrology 
0.014254021
resembles

i for one thank you for the heads up .
0.08757066
i for one thank you for the hegads up 
0.06907657
heads

through a website full of lies created by you ? how is that a valid source ?
0.3338708
through a website fjull of lies created by you how is that a valid source 
0.25791055
full

united states presidential elections , 2012+ = = thank you for acting so promptly on my request on the village pump . i was shocked at the speed of various people's responses there . — = =
0.013458275
united statesm presidential elections 2012 thank you for acting so promptly on my request on the village pump i was shocked at the speed of various peoples responses there — 
0.010235295
states

= = accepted today ? = = are his theories and ideas accepted and used today ? or have there been new and different theories in more recent years ?
0.02596604
accepted today aren his theories and ideas accepted and used today or have there been new and different theories in more recent years 
0.010208052
are

:::: this is the letter from birnbaum . i'd say it's very borderline as a source .
0.048559006
this is the letter from birnbaum id say its very borderlvine as a source 
0.035124365
borderline

: certainly , i retracted that because he felt offended by it . anyways , i'll email you in the future . i'd be great if i could talk to you via aim . , tuesday march 7 2006 at 01:25
0.03167679
certainly i retracted that because he felt offeknded by it anyways ill email you in the future id be great if i could talk to you via aim tuesday march 7 2006 at 0125 
0.022972826
offended

