= = shyam = = why have i been blocked ?
0.14587544
shyam why have i been lblocked 
0.12792273
blocked

please note that this is not the same article which was deleted via afd at wikipedia : articles for deletion/allen greenfield . that article was a terribly self-promoting autobiographical article without sources . i am building up this article from sources . the subject clearly meets notablility requirements having been mentioned and even quoted in 13 sources by 12 authors !!! please do not speedily delete , this is not the same article . discuss with me first . thanks .
0.031312857
please note that this is not the same article which was deleted via afd at wikipedia articles for deletionallen greenfield that article was a terribly selfpromoting autobiographical article without sources i am building up this article from sources the subject clearly meets notablility requirements having been mentioned and even quoted in 13 sources by 12 authors please do not speedily dealete this is not the same article discuss with me first thanks 
0.018604456
delete

= = i wasnt talking to u = = when i said who the hell are u , i was talking to this denny guy who sent me a message about what i write on wikipedia
0.45496586
i wasnt talking to u when i said who the hellq are u i was talking to this denny guy who sent me a message about what i write on wikipedia 
0.0760991
hell

:: it is cj's myspace !!!
0.164324
it isj cjs myspace 
0.14480722
is

= = bleh = = nahh .. nothing is relevant anymore . i try to find little things that might amuse me during the day in hopes that maybe , time will pass a little faster .
0.1099636
bleh nahh nothing is relevant anymore i try to find little things that might mamuse me during the day in hopes that maybe time will pass a little faster 
0.05143912
amuse

= = blocked = = you have been temporarily blocked from editing because of your disruptive edits . you are invited to contribute in a constructive manner as soon as the block expires . —
0.07575035
blocked you have been temporarily blocked from editing because of your disrduptive edits you are invited to contribute in a constructive manner as soon as the block expires — 
0.0696322
disruptive

= = question = = what is wrong with an lso link that you removed and marked as ' linkspam ' ? it seems like a perfectly acceptable link to me .
0.08610904
question what is wronbg with an lso link that you removed and marked as linkspam it seems like a perfectly acceptable link to me 
0.052414548
wrong

= = = = = i've altered ' tabernacle ' to ' talbot tabernacle ' . i , along wuth jack balchin , put on this show as part of our ongoing fortnightly ' dub club ' series at the venue . i've no recollection of a melodica being smashed though . joly
0.06975831
ive altered tabernacle to talbot tabernacle i along wuth jack balchin pgut on this show as part of our ongoing fortnightly dub club series at the venue ive no recollection of a melodica being smashed though joly 
0.062232956
put

= = do some research before you label a fact as nonsense = = hi , just wanted to let you know that my trivia section under george w . bush , stating that he is the most protested human being in history is in fact , true . so , as the title of this topic suggests , do some research before you label a fact as nonsense . thanks for removing my post and therefore depriving people of knowledge , which is , oddly enough , the very purpose of an encyclopedia , albeit an online one .
0.16773017
do some research before you label a fact as nonsnese hi just wanted to let you know that my trivia section under george w bush stating that he is the most protested human being in history is in fact true so as the title of this topic suggests do some research before you label a fact as nvonsense thanks for removing my post and therefore depriving people of knowledge which is oddly enough the very purpose of an encyclopedia albeit an online one 
0.03974129
nonsense

: i assume good faith on your part , userquiddity , because you have always been a gentleman . accordingly either you are mistaken , or wikipedia is subject to easy fandalism , because the facts , as i know them are substantially different from your presentation . the page in question is jewish bolshevism , which is a so called noun + adjetive expression ( according to wikipedians ) . the fact is that those who explain or justify the hatred of jews are crackpots and antisemites . my position is simple : jewish bolshivism has only an antisemitic meaning , interpretation , usage , justification , etc . i am not responsible for the fact that that draius/red ( whatever his difficult to remember name is ) user deduced that i have insulted him . the insult was his own deduction . i did not hurl at him any insult . and that term popsucker is just my paraphrase of the other dofficult wiki word for a wikipedia who disguises his identity . i am not allowed to name any of the people i suspect - what's that word , i don't know , and i do not wish to waste my time looking for it - it sounds something like suckpoper - can you help me out on this ? also , i can no longer locate the wikipedia linked expression don't be a dick . can you please provide me with the link to it . also , it would be helpful if you located that link to that popsucker term . it was who suspected a pop-x to be disguising himself as such . and went out of his way to deny he was the pop-x on philosophy . why don't you ask mel for the term so that i pay properly , and in a dignified manner , fill in the x ? is that to much ask for , in this honorable court and trial proceeding regarding my linguistic usages ? and could you ask mel to give me the acroym , code , link , or whatever , of the soup message he left on my talk page ? i know i'm not gowing to the gallows , but am i not allowed to defend myself here ? it seems to me that the way things go around here , at wikipedia , is just to find enough wikipedians who hate my guts and want to get on the bandwaggen to wikilinch me . is that a neologism ? so far there have been foun 3 wiki administrators , all close frinds , who hate my guts . and i cannot name the , because that would be a personal attack . but what am i being subjected to , if not a campaign to provoke , intimidate , and insult me . no you , , are you able to name the person who insulted me by giving me a rating of between 6 and 7 on the bristol stool chart ? i believe you find that chart more than insulting . isn't it discusting ? since i was banned ( 48 hours ) by because of allegedly misquoting you , could you please explain what happened then , as affects my reputation here ? [[ yours truly
0.35288218
i assume good faith on your part userquiddity because you have always been a gentleman accordingly either you are mistaken or wikipedia is subject to easy fandalism because the facts as i know them are substantially different from your presentation the page in question is jewish bolshevism which is a so called noun adjetive expression according to wikipedians the fact is that those who explain or justify the hatred of jews are crackpots and antisemites my position is simple jewish bolshivism has only an antisemitic meaning interpretation usage justification etc i am not responsible for the fact that that draiusred whatever his difficult to remember name is user deduced that i have insulted him the insult was his own deduction i did not hurl at him any insult and that term popsucker is just my paraphrase of the other dofficult wiki word for a wikipedia who disguises his identity i am not allowed to name any of the people i suspect whats that word i dont know and i do not wish to waste my time looking for it it sounds something like suckpoper can you help me out on this also i can no longer locate the wikipedia linked expression dont be a idick can you please provide me with the link to it also it would be helpful if you located that link to that popsucker term it was who suspected a popx to be disguising himself as such and went out of his way to deny he was the popx on philosophy why dont you ask mel for the term so that i pay properly and in a dignified manner fill in the x is that to much ask for in this honorable court and trial proceeding regarding my linguistic usages and could you ask mel to give me the acroym code link or whatever of the soup message he left on my talk page i know im not gowing to the gallows but am i not allowed to defend myself here it seems to me that the way things go around here at wikipedia is just to find enough wikipedians who hate my guts and want to get on the bandwaggen to wikilinch me is that a neologism so far there have been foun 3 wiki administrators all close frinds who hate my guts and i cannot name the because that would be a personal attack but what am i being subjected to if not a campaign to provoke intimidate and insult me no you are you able to name the person who insulted me by giving me a rating of between 6 and 7 on the bristol stool chart i believe you find that chart more than insulting isnt it discusting since i was banned 48 hours by because of allegedly misquoting you could you please explain what happened then as affects my reputation here yours truly 
0.2644334
dick

bangladesh law minister's criticisms regarding drishtipat the reason we have cited the report regarding the bangladeshi law ministers comments about drishtipat's partiality toward the awami league is because drishtipat themselves [] put the law ministers comments and their response together under the heading ' drishtipat response to the law minister's allegation ' on their site . if the organisation itself felt criticised and responded , then it is hardly controversial to presume that it was drishtipat that the law minister was talking about . i'm sure drishtipat knew their own position and intentions better than the moderator ( ragib ) on wikipedia ! besides in bangali politikospeak , the governing party of the day rarely criticises an opponent by name . for example , when the bnp were in power , they would use oblique language like ' a certain party is causing violence in bangladesh ' with reference to hartals . everyone would read between the lines and know that they are criticising their main opponents the awami league . it's hardly rocket science . it is therefore reasonable as a citation of the governments position and the law minister also expanded on the reasons eg . partisan reporting re : government achievements .
0.029334312
bangladesh law ministers criticisms regarding drishtipat the reason we have cited the report regarding the bangladeshi law ministers comments about drishtipats partiality toward the awami league is because drishtipat themselves put the law ministers comments and their response together under the heading drishtipat response to the law ministers allegation on their site if the organisation itself felt criticised and responded then it is hardly controversial to presume that it was drishtipat that the law minister was talking about im sure drishtipat knew their own position and intentions better than the moderator ragib on wikipedia besides in bangali politikospeak the governing party of the day rarely criticises an opponent by name for example when the bnp were in power they would use oblique language like a certain party is causing violence in bangladesh with reference to hargtals everyone would read between the lines and know that they are criticising their main opponents the awami league its hardly rocket science it is therefore reasonable as a citation of the governments position and the law minister also expanded on the reasons eg partisan reporting re government achievements 
0.02309297
hartals

thanks for making my strategy work , this is a shared research pc in a documentation centre and some other muppets have been complaining about not having editing priveleges on wp when they try and change their chemical engineering articles . it took longer than i thought for you guys to ban this ip , you must be slipping up . thanks anyway and do make it an indefinite ban please , these chem eng guys are idiots and don't deserve editing privileges on wp . cheers
0.37635946
thanks for making my strategy work this is a shared research pc in a documentation centre and some other muppets have been complaining about not having editing priveleges on wp when they try and change their chemical engineering articles it took longer than i thought for you guys to ban this ip you must be slipping up thanks anyway and do make it an indefinite ban please these chem eng guys are idyiots and dont deserve editing privileges on wp cheers 
0.04678271
idiots

what the hell are you talking about ? i didn't insert any link , i typed some text , you nazi . there was nothing biased about what i included on that page , i simply stated a fact . a fact that you may not like , but nonetheless , a fact . you really should be getting paid to be the internet hall monitor , why don't you put your skill to use working for those brown nosers at fox news , since it seems to upset you that someone is telling the truth about your precious president
0.4943575
what the heltl are you talking about i didnt insert any link i typed some text you nazi there was nothing biased about what i included on that page i simply stated a fact a fact that you may not like but nonetheless a fact you really should be getting paid to be the internet hall monitor why dont you put your skill to use working for those brown nosers at fox news since it seems to upset you that someone is telling the truth about your precious president 
0.34685874
hell

= = woah ! = = as someone who'd been the victim of his power abuse , this * really * came as a surprise to me when someone e-mailed this info to me this morning ! sorry he couldn't be more adult with his admin powers , but as stan lee said over four decades ago , with great power comes great responsibility . of course , the big question now is who matthew fenton will run and hide behind when he gets his head handed to him over his wanton edits of the jericho and lost pages .
0.18281932
woah as someone whod been the victim of his power aabuse this really came as a surprise to me when someone emailed this info to me this morning sorry he couldnt be more adult with his admin powers but as stan lee said over four decades ago with great power comes great responsibility of course the big question now is who matthew fenton will run and hide behind when he gets his head handed to him over his wanton edits of the jericho and lost pages 
0.06891431
abuse

