= = you fat slimy piece of shit = = i hope you fall through the toilet ya jobie . you are one of the mpst uneducated dicks i have ever heard of , burn in hell you bugger , burn in hell ! ps . you are a shit .
0.9789699
you fat slimy piece of sit i hope you fall through the toilet ya jobie you are one of the mpst uneducated dicks i have ever heard of burn in hell you bugger burn in hell ps you are a s hit 
0.93204945
shit

libertatia > it strikes me that the an-cap vision being presented here makes the freedom of the market primary , and the freedom of individuals secondary . no , you have it backwards . freedom of individuals is the primary ; freedom of the market is simply the application of freedom of individuals with respect to production and trade . libertatia > anarchism has never been whatever remains in the absence of the state right . anarchism is the philosophy with the goal absense of state . of course , anarchists can have other values , too . e.g. we have various additional values which we want in addition to no state . but statelessness is the primary and defining value of anarchism . libertatia > no capitalist i know of espouses capitalism on a moral basis ... ??? rand , rothbard , hoppe , hell , just about every anarcho-capitalist i know bases it on the nap ( non-aggression principle ) except friedman and narveson . libertatia > ... on the basis it knows what is best for everyone . right . we generally abhor utilitarianism , but of course that is not the only moral basis . we tend to prefer natural law rather than utilitarian moral justifications . libertatia > capitalism , like evolution , is nothing more than a blind algorithmic process , which tends to have a certain effect in terms of efficient allocation of resources . it is entirely agnostic , of itself , to what's best for the society , or even whether there is a society ... right on . we see society more as an ecosystem with emergent order , as opposed to the statist view of society as a machine to be fixed by some imposed planned order .
0.08536379
libertatia it strikes me that the ancap vision being presented here makes the freedom of the market primary and the freedom of individuals secondary no you have it backwards freedom of individuals is the primary freedom of the market is simply the application of freedom of individuals with respect to production and trade libertatia anarchism has never been whatever remains in the absence of the state right anarchism is the philosophy with the goal absense of state of course anarchists can have other values too eg we have various additional values which we want in addition to no state but statelessness is the primary and defining value of anarchism libertatia no capitalist i know of espouses capitalism on a moral basis rand rothbard hoppe hellv just about every anarchocapitalist i know bases it on the nap nonaggression principle except friedman and narveson libertatia on the basis it knows what is best for everyone right we generally abhor utilitarianism but of course that is not the only moral basis we tend to prefer natural law rather than utilitarian moral justifications libertatia capitalism like evolution is nothing more than a blind algorithmic process which tends to have a certain effect in terms of efficient allocation of resources it is entirely agnostic of itself to whats best for the society or even whether there is a society right on we see society more as an ecosystem with emergent order as opposed to the statist view of society as a machine to be fixed by some imposed planned order 
0.034166805
hell

this article - good or bad ? = = = my opinion is an ambiguous relationship =
0.25093296
this article good or lbad my opinion is an ambiguous relationship 
0.082964905
bad

: in any case , what's wrong with mentioning the disagreement ? everything i wrote is true . it is a fact that those encyclopedias say these things . how are their writings about him not relevant to him ? they're certainly more well-known than the works you cited . i just requested three books from my library's storage warehouse that i think may provide the answer . if they do not , i will submit a question to google answers . the reason i am willing to do this is that i think scalich is not croatian . sincerely ,
0.019695112
in any case whats wroneg with mentioning the disagreement everything i wrote is true it is a fact that those encyclopedias say these things how are their writings about him not relevant to him theyre certainly more wellknown than the works you cited i just requested three books from my librarys storage warehouse that i think may provide the answer if they do not i will submit a question to google answers the reason i am willing to do this is that i think scalich is not croatian sincerely 
0.015587936
wrong

okay , you got me there . i hope you can appreciate my frustration with all of this noise , and see the need to get some facts straight . as long as i am here ; i did have a link so that people could find it . ( archive ) it was deleted . not my fault . sorry bout the capitalization . by the way , merecat unarchived it all , so theres no point right now .
0.04780475
okay you got me there i hope you can appreciate my frusntration with all of this noise and see the need to get some facts straight as long as i am here i did have a link so that people could find it archive it was deleted not my fault sorry bout the capitalization by the way merecat unarchived it all so theres no point right now 
0.044860817
frustration

ps . there's no e-mail , but who am i to complain . pps . making a map over a single specific political controversy after featuring the broad generalities of all official major world religions seems either very specialist informative or ... overzealous . but i felt the map was very informative and kewl as well so keep it up ! ( christian myself , and approved of the cartoons because i don't believe in the qua'ran at all , but i can understand your anger and i do not respect the purely flammatory parts of my brotherly people ( am half-norwegian , half-chinese myself ) although i believe that all free speech that does not directly or strongly indirectly encourage violence should be restricted .
0.10504568
ps theres no email but who am i to complain pps making a map over a single specific political controversy after featuring the broad generalities of all official major world religions seems either very specialist informative or overzealous but i felt the map was very informative and kewl as well so keep it up christian myself and approved of the cartoons because i dont believe in the quaran at all but i can understand your angerp and i do not respect the purely flammatory parts of my brotherly people am halfnorwegian halfchinese myself although i believe that all free speech that does not directly or strongly indirectly encourage violence should be restricted 
0.07970577
anger

. if one did leave out carbon atoms then that would not be correct . example , what would methamphetamine be if you left out a carbon atom ? what are left out are hydrogen atoms and they should be , since it has been previously pointed out , they would unduly clutter the diagram and are unnescesary as being implyed anyway
0.04348277
if one did leave out carbon atoms then that would not be correct example what would methamphetamine be if you left out a carbon atom what are left out are hydrogen atoms and they should be since it has been previously pointed out they would unduly clutter the diagram and are unnescesary as beinbg implyed anyway 
0.04159614
being

first of all eminent and distinguished are not the same words , even though they may have similar meanings . second it's not about the word itself , it's about the need you have to change that word . if eminent and distinguished have the same meaning as you say , then why in earth would you like o change them ! )
0.018899659
first of all eminent and distinguished are not the same words even though they may have similar meanings second its not about the word itself its about the need you have to change that word if eminent and distinguished have the same meaning as you say then why in hearth would you like o change them 
0.0082825925
earth

: please do not replace wikipedia pages with blank content . blank pages are harmful to wikipedia because they have a tendency to confuse readers . if it is a duplicate article , please redirect it to an appropriate existing page . if the page has been vandalised , please revert it to the last legitimate version . if you feel that the content of a page is inappropriate , please edit the page and replace it with appropriate content . if you believe there is no hope for the page , please see the deletion policy for how to proceed . thanks for contributing to wikipedia ! = = april 28th = = your recent edit to progressivism was reverted by an automated bot that attempts to recognize and repair vandalism to wikipedia articles . if the bot reverted a legitimate edit , please accept our apologies – if you bring it to the attention of the bot's owner , we may be able to improve its behavior . ' for frequently asked questions about the bot and this warning . // please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to progressivism . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . = = may 2006 = = your recent edit to military history of japan was reverted by an automated bot that attempts to recognize and repair vandalism to wikipedia articles . if the bot reverted a legitimate edit , please accept our apologies – if you bring it to the attention of the bot's owner , we may be able to improve its behavior . ' for frequently asked questions about the bot and this warning . // please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia .
0.06839548
please do not replace wikipedia pages with blank content blank pages are harmful to wikipedia because they have a tendency to confuse readers if it is a duplicate article please redirect it to an appropriate existing page if the page has been vandalised please revert it to the last legitimate version if you feel that the content of a page is inappropriate please edit the page and replace it with appropriate content if you believe there is no hope for the page please see the deletion policy for how to proceed thanks for contributing to wikipedia april 28th your recent edit to progressivism was reverted by an automated bot that attempts to recognize and repair vandalism to wikipedia articles if the bot reverted a legitimate edit please accept our apologies – if you bring it to the attention of the bots owner we may be able to improve its behavior for frequently asked questions about the bot and this warning please refrain from adding nonsecnse to wikipedia as you did to progressivism it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox may 2006 your recent edit to military history of japan was reverted by an automated bot that attempts to recognize and repair vandalism to wikipedia articles if the bot reverted a legitimate edit please accept our apologies – if you bring it to the attention of the bots owner we may be able to improve its behavior for frequently asked questions about the bot and this warning please stop if you continue to vandalize pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia 
0.041600313
nonsense

please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , as you did to insect , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.064347394
please stop if you continue to vanzdalize pages as you did to insect you will be blocked from editing wikipedia a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.062494673
vandalize

* there , all ' personal attacks ' removed with regards to stated ethical guidelines . now , please do not read too much into simple statements & opinions & let's chat -
0.06643105
there all personal attaxcks removed with regards to stated ethical guidelines now please do not read too much into simple statements opinions lets chat 
0.054420847
attacks

= = try to be civil = = like i said above i am not going to even bother reading your threaths , abuse and harassment , and have not read your last message . this is the last time i send you a message . like i said in the report i will never give in to your abuse of power , send how many warning as you like , block me as many times as you can . i will not read or pay any attentions to you or your threaths . good luck . )
0.298704
try to be civil like i said above i am not going to even bother reading your threaths abusa and harassment and have not read your last message this is the last time i send you a message like i said in the report i will never give in to your abusen of power send how many warning as you like block me as many times as you can i will not read or pay any attentions to you or your threaths good luck 
0.29130784
abuse

)\ wikipedia is collapsing under its own weight . there are too many users , too much public acess and too many dummies trying to run the sight that don't have a clue what they're doing or where their diapers are . i have frequented this sight as a registered user for many years , and although some expansions are nice , it is headed downwards . i demand that major reform occure before wikipedia illegitimzes itself as a true source of information in the eyes of the real world . -(
0.08814222
wikipedia is collapsing under its own weight there are too many users too much public acess and too many dummises trying to run the sight that dont have a clue what theyre doing or where their diapers are i have frequented this sight as a registered user for many years and although some expansions are nice it is headed downwards i demand that major reform occure before wikipedia illegitimzes itself as a true source of information in the eyes of the real world 
0.06320374
dummies

: while i respect the fact that you've obviously given this some thought , a few counterpoints : 1 ) every single state in the union , with the possible exception of rhode island ( mostly because it's so damn tiny ) , is a transitional state with the features you mentioned . examples : california includes ghettos , really rich gated comunities , hick towns ( such as watsonville , or virtually any city more than 100 miles from the coast ) , and the bay area . new york ? same deal , if you've ever been to upstate new york you'll see . and of course , the reverse is true too - a lot of texas is really nice , progressive even . i've heard some less-than-terrible things about birmingham , alabama . even okla-dumbass-homa has some okay parts of tulsa . so i honestly believe that you're about 180 degrees on this one - your statement , while eloquent , was somewhat meaningless , whereas history makes some valid points ( the most valid of which is that if you ( speaking in the generic , non-threatening second person ) call me a southerner , i will tie you to the back of a pickup truck and drag you to your death while throwing beer cans out the window to hit you in your skull .
0.39964563
while i respect the fact that youve obviously given this some thought a few counterpoints 1 every single state in the union with the possible exception of rhode island mostly because its so damn tiny is a transitional state with the features you mentioned examples california includes ghettos really rich gated comunities hick towns such as watsonville or virtually any city more than 100 miles from the coast and the bay area new york same deal if youve ever been to upstate new york youll see and of course the reverse is true too a lot of texas is really nice progressive even ive heard some lessthanterrible things about birmingham alabama even okladumbasshoma has some okay parts of tulsa so i honestly believe that youre about 180 degrees on this one your statement while eloquent was somewhat meaningless whereas history makes some valid points the most valid of which is that if you speaking in the generic nonthreatening second person call me a southerner i will tie you to the back of a pickup truck and drag you to your death while throwing beer cans out the window to hit you in your skullo 
0.263526
skull

: fuk u retard i hate u i will kill u bettr watch ur bak cuz im teamin up wit my mothafuka boothy and we gonna rise the south on yo ass bitch
0.97967666
fukk u retard i hate u i will kill u bettr watch ur bak cuz im teamin up wit my mothafuka boothy and we gonna rise the south on yo ass bitch 
0.96628743
fuk

: i've made further changes in response to some of your comments . the motivation for restoring the original text is that it allows the article to lead with a clear definition and attribution , rather than a very indirect characterization . : let me remind you to assume good faith instead of claiming sabotage and active mmisinformation [ sic ] . al
0.033955686
ive made further changes in response to some of your comments the motivation for restoring the original text is that it allows the article to lead with a clear definition and attribution rather than a very indirect characterization let me remind you to assume good faith instead of claiming salbotage and active mmisinformation sic al 
0.023061043
sabotage

= = walt disney world for australians link = = please stop adding the walt disney world for australians external link to the walt disney world resort article again and again . the link is of little value . see this comment from the article's discussion page : * wikipedia is not a place to link news and fan sites , because if we link any , then we have to link all of them , and there are way too many out there . it's not hard to find news sites or fan sites out there - just use google , or dmoz , or any of hundreds of other directories or search engines . i'm deleting these links because they don't directly contribute to anything in the article . if you want to add an external link to an article on one of these sites that specifically adds more detail to something covered in the article , then that would be fine . ( see wikipedia : external links , specifically the maybe ok to add and what should not be linked to sections . ) -
0.018000284
walt disney world for australians link please stopu adding the walt disney world for australians external link to the walt disney world resort article again and again the link is of little value see this comment from the articles discussion page wikipedia is not a place to link news and fan sites because if we link any then we have to link all of them and there are way too many out there its not hard to find news sites or fan sites out there just use google or dmoz or any of hundreds of other directories or search engines im deleting these links because they dont directly contribute to anything in the article if you want to add an external link to an article on one of these sites that specifically adds more detail to something covered in the article then that would be fine see wikipedia external links specifically the maybe ok to add and what should not be linked to sections 
0.010607192
stop

: thank you for taking my suggestion by coming here to talk instead of just reverting without explanation . i have indeed reverted some changes by jayjg . however , these changes were not actually improvements . briefly : : * act-now.org is brought up as an example of how circumcision advocacy is a term used by some advocates , whereas jay's version makes it sound otherwise . regardless of the subjective quality of the web site , suppressing any mention of it would be pov , hence unacceptable . wp : npov is not negotiable . : * the definition of circumcision advocacy is accurate and not or . if you have some sort of specific complaints , i suggest altering the text instead of removing it . : * the article already mentions masturbation , you would like to omit the relevant and cited fact that masturbation is harmless and not prevented by circumcision . omiting this would be pov and wp : npov is not negotiable . : * actually , what's reintroduced is the history with regard to advocacy , which is entirely relevant . : in short , these deletions all serve to harm the neutrality and comprehensiveness of the article . therefore , i will be forced to continue restoring the text if you attempt to remove it without an acceptable explanation . your explanations thus far are not acceptable . thank you for understanding .
0.15677628
thank you for taking my suggestion by coming here to talk instead of just reverting without explanation i have indeed reverted some changes by jayjg however these changes were not actually improvements briefly actnoworg is brought up as an example of how circumcision advocacy is a term used by some advocates whereas jays version makes it sound otherwise regardless of the subjective quality of the web site suppressing any mention of it would be pov hence unacceptable wp npov is not negotiable the definition of circumcision advocacy is accurate and not or if you have some sort of specific complaints i suggest altering the text instead of removing it the article already mentions maaturbation you would like to omit the relevant and cited fact that masturbationi is harmless and not prevented by circumcision omiting this would be pov and wp npov is not negotiable actually whats reintroduced is the history with regard to advocacy which is entirely relevant in short these deletions all serve to harm the neutrality and comprehensiveness of the article therefore i will be forced to continue restoring the text if you attempt to remove it without an acceptable explanation your explanations thus far are not acceptable thank you for understanding 
0.027941063
masturbation

= = too poetic ? = = does anybody else think this article is far too poetic ?
0.048933364
too poetic does anybody else think this article ids far too poetic 
0.031973075
is

and according to wikipedia's article only 9 of wellington's brigades were british , the remainder were dutch or german
0.025683789
and according to wikipedias article only 9 of wellingtons brigadves were british the remainder were dutch or german 
0.01654187
brigades

= = just wondering , what ethnicity are you ? = = hey mary jane , your page says that you are a multiracial wikipedian . are you half-filipino as well ? best regards- john
0.191532
just wondering what ethnicity ae you hey mary jane your page says that you aro a multiracial wikipedian arel you halffilipino as well best regards john 
0.16833863
are

not the naughty words of the article content , but the naughty words of endorse the motherfucking deletion .
0.87869316
not the naughty words of the article content but the naughty words of endorse the mothverfucking deletion 
0.14533173
motherfucking

