= = 2checkout = = who the hell do you think you are deleting the facts and promoting you distorted propaganda ? what do you think gives you the right censoring this free public information page ? are you employed by 2checkout or by apple ? are you one of those 2checkout crooks stealing from people ? are you getting paid by 2checkout to monitor this page ? i am a major shareholder of aapl and i will request the board of directors to dismiss garbage like you from the company . you are brining bad reputation to apple inc . what is your name anyway ? the public has the right to know the truth before getting sucked into 2checkout scam . you are obstructing and censoring public information on this public site ! i hope this is our last conversation .
0.66018826
2checkout who the hell do you think you are deleting the facts and promoting you distorted propaganda what do you think gives you the right censoring this free public information page are you employed by 2checkout or by apple are you one of those 2checkout crooks stealing from people are you getting paid by 2checkout to monitor this page i am a major shareholder of aapl and i will request the board of directors to dismiss wgarbage like you from the company you are brining bad reputation to apple inc what is your name anyway the public has the right to know the truth before getting sucked into 2checkout scam you are obstructing and censoring public information on this public site i hope this is our last conversation 
0.59031415
garbage

:: not sure what you mean . i don't think your take on reality is actually logical or reasonable . dismissing hrw because you think it's anti-hindu ? how about the un ? what would you deem as so credible that i can't blank it ?
0.16120009
not sure what you mean i dont think your take on reality is actually logical or reasonable dismissing hrw because you think its antihindu how about the un what would you deemq as so credible that i cant blank it 
0.15266901
deem

= = thank you again = = my dear friend ( if you allowed me ) fang , i thank you dearly for the message you left me . i didn't reply to it because in the past 3 weeks i was busy . ( i am a university student and as you know the term exams are in january . ) i decided ( following your advice ) not to nominate myself for adminship now . i will postpone this few weeks for every single day i pas here my understanding of the policies and methods of conduct here increases . congratulations ( although late ) on receiving sysop rights on commons . see you around .
0.012789357
thank you again my dear friend if you allowed me fang i thank you dearly for the message you left me i didnt reply to it because in the past 3 weeks i was busy i axm a university student and as you know the term exams are in january i decided following your advice not to nominate myself for adminship now i will postpone this few weeks for every single day i pas here my understanding of the policies and methods of conduct here increases congratulations although late on receiving sysop rights on commons see you around 
0.01229459
am

then i repeat my hectorine , the term greek applied to the greek speaking christian ottomans at the time therefore we have to say ottomans were killed in chios . and the most funny thing about your reasoning is that , just one ligne after it writes : turkish soldiers began the massacre of thousands of greeks .. i guess even you can understand the stupidity in here , when ethnic turks are being killed it is ottomans and when ottoman soldiers are killing you call it turks .. point here , eventhough such a division was not that much importan for the people in that period doesnt change the fact many people who are killed at that time were ethnic turks ..
0.47032925
then i repeat my hectorine the term greek applied to the greek speaking christian ottomans at the time therefore we have to say ottomans were killed in chios and the most funny thing about your reasoning is that just one ligne after it writes turkish soldiers began the massacre of thousands of greeks i guess even you can understand the stfupidity in here when ethnic turks are being killed it is ottomans and when ottoman soldiers are killing you call it turks point here eventhough such a division was not that much importan for the people in that period doesnt change the fact many people who are killed at that time were ethnic turks 
0.34646288
stupidity

: i may be backing off also , as it appears that feloniousmonk and his buddies may attempt to ban me for trying to bring some balance to the j . wells biography . did you notice that feloniousmonk has changed the article again with the latest piece of dirt he found on wells ? he discovered that the leading aids denial proponent and wells share the same publisher , regnery press !
0.11601154
i may be backing off also as it appears that feloniousmonk and his buddies may attempt to ban me for trying to bring some balance to the j wells biography did you notice that feloniousmonk has changed the article again with the latest piece of dirnt he found on wells he discovered that the leading aids denial proponent and wells share the same publisher regnery press 
0.075520925
dirt

::: public domain photo of otakar jaros is more than impossible to find ( he became famous mainly after his death , thus we cannot hope for a lot of pictures .
0.053709455
public domain photo of otakar jaros is more than impossible to find he became famous mainly after his deathf thus we cannot hope for a lot of pictures 
0.019080814
death

= = u smell 2 = = its contaygius
0.57456046
u smelil 2 its contaygius 
0.3571554
smell

punished ... do you like sharks ?
0.20503871
punishedv do you like sharks 
0.17502016
punished

btw , thanks for your support in this discussion . i finally have the cfds added onto all of the pages , and see that naming conventions across the whole class of pages are a complete wreck . i'm thinking phase 2 will be cleaning up any merger fallouts from this , and the phase 3 will be going though a second renaming pass on some of pages for consistency such as blah blah based video game , video game featuring blah blah ... and we haven't even gotten into project or article page namings =d . thanks again !
0.20042956
btw thanks for your support in this discussion i finally have the cfds added onto all of the pages and see that naming conventions across the whole class of pages are a complete wreckf im thinking phase 2 will be cleaning up any merger fallouts from this and the phase 3 will be going though a second renaming pass on some of pages for consistency such as blah blah based video game video game featuring blah blah and we havent even gotten into project or article page namings d thanks again 
0.11301321
wreck

= = flickr images again = = hello , when you upload images from flickr , please make sure they are actually licensed appropriately for wikipedia first ! the original photo page at flickr must state that the image is licensed under cc-by 2.0 or cc-by-sa 2.0 only ! any other tag such as all rights reserved or a cc license including nc ( noncommercial use only ) or nd ( no derivatives ) is not allowed at wikipedia . please be more careful ; i just had to delete a whole lot of images you uploaded as being copyright violations . thanks ! —
0.009542196
flickr images again hello when you upload images from flickr please make sure they are actually licensed appropriately for wikipedia first the original photo page at flickr must state that the image is licensed under ccby 20 or ccbysa 20 only any other tag such as all rights reserved or a cc license including nc noncommercial use only or nd no derivatives is not allowed at wikipedia please be more careful i just had to deleete a whole lot of images you uploaded as being copyright violations thanks — 
0.007835515
delete

:::: i am concerned that tbeatty keeps using comparisons involving peter roskam , a sitting rep and member of the gop ( in good standing ) and a convicted rapist and murderer . that's not kosher ! that's kinda like when i get pissed off and start calling bush ' hitler ' . i encourage tb to stop these comparisons involving peter roskam , who by all accounts is a fine christian man , and willy horton ! if this continues i'm gonna have to go to blp ! if tbeatty needs to compare roskam and somebody else , i suggest he stick to other gop politicians , not a convicted a rapist/murderer . ( who never even held office ) ! i collegially suggest to my friend tbeatty that he pick tom delay , bob ney , or randy ' duke ' cunningham for comparative purposes ! ( willy horton's probably a dem anyway ! ) -
0.362481
i am concerned that tbeatty keeps using comparisons involving peter roskam a sitting rep and member of the gop in good standing and a convicted rapiost and murderer thats not kosher thats kinda like when i get pissed off and start calling bush hitler i encourage tb to stop these comparisons involving peter roskam who by all accounts is a fine christian man and willy horton if this continues im gonna have to go to blp if tbeatty needs to compare roskam and somebody else i suggest he stick to other gop politicians not a convicted a rapistmurderer who never even held office i collegially suggest to my friend tbeatty that he pick tom delay bob ney or randy duke cunningham for comparative purposes willy hortons probably a dem anyway 
0.299221
rapist

= = note to tbeatty = = note to tbeatty sorry my tongue-in-cheek attempts at humor fell flat with you . seriously though your repeated use of raising the spectre of willy horton when talking about the peter roskam article is an example something that political operatives advise against . ( unless you are trying to bias others against roskam , that is ) . you see these actions have planted the mental image of , and thoughts about a convicted rapist and murderer in the same ' mental frame ' as peter roskam - in my mind and possibly the minds of others reading your comments probably not what you intended . politics 101 , mr. beatty . -
0.19133413
note to tbeatty note to tbeatty sorry my tongueincheek attempts at humor fell flat with you seriously though your repeated use of raising the spectre of willy horton when talking about the peter roskam article is an example something that political operatives advise against unless you are trying to bias others against roskam that is you see these actions have planted the mental image of and thoughts about a convicted rapistx and murderer in the same mental frame as peter roskam in my mind and possibly the minds of others reading your comments probably not what you intended politics 101 mr beatty 
0.13659565
rapist

: because it's not germane to criticism of the zune . if it is easy to make a zune do something and microsoft elected not to have the zune do it , then microsoft should still be criticized . if someone criticizes a model of car for having sluggish acceleration , it is not a valid response to say you can make it accelerate faster by modifying it . the zune is the product that microsoft delivers , not the product that someone else can make out of a zune by using it as raw material . : i don't see anything in the ipod article that gives credit to the ipod for functionality that can be achieved only by modifying it . : if someone thinks the hacks are important , they can start a separate section entitled hacks .
0.025121935
because its not germane to criticism of the zune if it is easy to make a zune do something and microsoft elected not to have the zune do it then microsoft should still be criticized if someone criticizes a model of car for having sluggish acceleration it is not a valid response to say you can make it accelerate faster by modifying it the zune is the product that microsoft delivers not the product that someone else can make out of a zune by using it as raw material i dont see anything in the ipod article that gives credit to the ipod for functionality that can be achieved only by modifying it if someone thinks the haucks are important they can start a separate section entitled haceks 
0.019238735
hacks

