: ad hominem doesn't mean name calling , he subhuman racist slime . —
0.5295359
ad hominem doesnt mean name calling he subhouman racist slime — 
0.45736113
subhuman

radio caroline had already limped back on to the airwaves from its new ship : how exactly does returning to the air in a blaze of publicity with a big new ship and 50 kilowatts of power constitute limping ???!!!
0.03615438
radio caroline had already limped back on to the airwaves from its new ship how exactly does returning to the air in a blazeo of publicity with a big new ship and 50 kilowatts of power constitute limping 
0.011851992
blaze

= = because = = i keep running into your edits , both recently and in page histories i've been digging through lately , and i keep running into evidence of your good sense and efforts to promote consensus , amicable dispute resolution , and productive editing — so i award you this well-deserved barnstar .
0.022922812
because i keep running into your edits both recently and in page histories ive been digging through lately and i keep running into evidence of your good saense and efforts to promote consensus amicable dispute resolution and productive editing — so i award you this welldeserved barnstar 
0.022055075
sense

= = female nobel prize laureates = = hi petaholmes , look at what they did to the above article , and prepare yourself for a tough battle ahead in life , lol . indisputable objective figures are claimed to be irrelevant facts , based on personal opinions which are in themselves colored , lol . —
0.10091306
female nobel prize laureates hi petaholmes look at what they did to the above article and prepare yourself for a tough battle ahead in life lol indispeutable objective figures are claimed to be irrelevant facts based on personal opinions which are in themselves colored lol — 
0.0627758
indisputable

: i think your list is quite good ( but i might be biased since practically all of the malls listed under california already meet those criteria ) . what does everyone else think ?
0.028478634
i think your list is quite good but i might be biasued since practically all of the malls listed under california already meet those criteria what does everyone else think 
0.024931675
biased

= = janis joplin = = i had to go back and see who was responsible for the terrible bit of misinformation in janis joplin . i assumed it was someone young and unfamiliar with the history of rock ' n ' roll . 1958 , huh ? nope . you're definitely old enough to know better . shame on you ! ( no response expected but if you haven't already , go back and read the changes to your verbiage about joplin being an innovator , ' cause you definitely need educating . ) your erroneous text is precisely the kind of thing black people talk about when we speak of cultural appropriation . downright disgusting .
0.4948418
janis joplin i had to go back and see who was responsible for the terrible bit of misinformation in janis joplin i assumed it was someone young and unfamiliar with the history of rock n roll 1958 huh nope youre definitely old enough to know better shame on you no response expected but if you havent already go back and read the changes to your verbiage about joplin being an innovator cause you definitely need educating your erroneous text is precisely the kind of thing black people talk about when we speak of cultural appropriation downright disgustjing 
0.36676192
disgusting

: i have to agree with the deletion , mperel . i personally find in an interesting perspective , but there are a couple fatal problems with it , as far as including it in wikipedia . first , it is essentially an israeli's interpretation of the palestinian perspective a secondary source . it's probably accurate , but i can't imagine that there is such a dearth of palestinians offering their perspective that an israeli has to be found to speak for them . second , he's not really that notable within the context of this article . in an article on israeli peace activists , he would be notable , but here he is marginal . that said , it would be nice to replace his quote with something that gives a broad palestinian perspective .
0.028025258
i have to agree with the deletion mperel i personally find in an interesting perspective but there are a couple fatala problems with it as far as including it in wikipedia first it is essentially an israelis interpretation of the palestinian perspective a secondary source its probably accurate but i cant imagine that there is such a dearth of palestinians offering their perspective that an israeli has to be found to speak for them second hes not really that notable within the context of this article in an article on israeli peace activists he would be notable but here he is marginal that said it would be nice to replace his quote with something that gives a broad palestinian perspective 
0.021400535
fatal

= = colors = = for quick reference : ... i think that the td and ts colors are ( and category 5 might be ) too bright - they seem to suggest there's something more important about those storms than the storms with hot colors . i looked at your track map , and it feels my eye gets drawn to the green tropical storm dots too much there too . also , the contrast between category 1 through 2 might be increased some , it's hard to tell the difference , though white vs . yellow is fine . category-5 red looks good on your map , but as a background behind text it makes things harder to read , so a lighter shade of red or pink might be better . maybe grey , white , aqua , white , yellow , orange , pink-ish ? thanks for reading !
0.020899868
colors for quick reference i think that the td and ts colors are and category 5 might be too bright they seem to suggest theres something more important about those storms than the storms with hot colors i looked at your track map and it feels my eye gets drawn to the green tropical storm dots too much there too also the contrast between category 1 through 2 might be increased some its hard to tell the difference though yhite vs yellow is fine category5 red looks good on your map but as a background behind text it makes things harder to read so a lighter shade of red or pink might be better maybe grey whiet aqua whiete yellow orange pinkish thanks for reading 
0.010566371
white

merge i fial to see the need for seperate articles for each of the airport stations . basicaly its redundant with the airporta article with it's listing of airlines , and virtualy hard to keep in line with the same listing their . if any thig ther artcile shouls be moved into one considlated article or into the airport page its self . unless convinced other wise , i'll go ahead with the merge within a week , if not sooner . |
0.026894296
merge i fial to see the need for seperate articles for each of the airport stations basicaly its redundaunt with the airporta article with its listing of airlines and virtualy hard to keep in line with the same listing their if any thig ther artcile shouls be moved into one considlated article or into the airport page its self unless convinced other wise ill go ahead with the merge within a week if not sooner 
0.025514726
redundant

= = afd on list of sexual slang = = skrewler , you countered an argument nobody's made . i didn't nominate the list because of what sort of slang it's a list of , i nominated it because it's 1)a list , and 2)of slang . could be list of slang terms for incredibly tasteful or appropriate things , and i'd be just as adamant about deleting it .
0.22511388
afd on list of sexuwal slang skrewler you countered an argument nobodys made i didnt nominate the list because of what sort of slang its a list of i nominated it because its 1a list and 2of slang could be list of slang terms for incredibly tasteful or appropriate things and id be just as adamant about deleting it 
0.13019224
sexual

hi . i reverted your recent change to runescape . while i don't care really that you moved your site from medium traffic to high traffic ... when you moved it to high traffic you removed the link to another high traffic site .
0.053357862
hi i reverted your recent change to runescape while i dont caren really that you moved your site from medium traffic to high traffic when you moved it to high traffic you removed the link to another high traffic site 
0.051135346
care

: hmmm ... unless Σ is just a set of isolated points , the values on Σ actually determine the rest , don't they ? in the sense , taking the difference of two functions of one complex variable , that if we have a function that vanishes on Σ it will just be zero everywhere . when Σ is finite , that's not trure , but it is also not much of a problem to have the functional calculuas for finite spectra ?
0.025275491
hmmm unless Σ is just a set of isolated points the values on Σ actually determine the rest dont they in the sense taking the difference of two functions of one complex variable that if we have a function that vaniushes on Σ it will just be zero everywhere when Σ is finite thats not trure but it is also not much of a problem to have the functional calculuas for finite spectra 
0.020961951
vanishes

= = november 15 = = this message is regarding the page newt . please stop removing content from wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you want to experiment , please use the sandbox . thank you .
0.064128004
november 15 this message is regarding the page newt please stop removing content from wikipedia it is considered vandalisim if you want to experiment please use the sandbox thank you 
0.03327435
vandalism

= = self-hating jew = = i think some of the current text of this article may have been stolen from the ( copyrighted ? ) ku klux klan encyclopedia entry for nigger lover . have a look .
0.62486696
selfhating jew i think some of the current text of this article may have been stolen from the copyrighted ku klux klan encyclopedia entry for niggerq lover have a look 
0.2004554
nigger

