: i think that this basically says the obvious : that the rest of the article also needs some rewriting and reorganizing . i think that if you believed that the previous lead gave a clear description of evolution for the layperson , you are sadly mistaken . i could probably find quite a few editors who would agree with me as well on this point . it is fine to get technical and fancy , but do it in the body . the lead should tell you what the article is about . most people will read no farther . it should not include every bit of detail and minutae possible . if another section needs to be written so the reader understands the basics , then write one and include it . if the history section clogs it up too much , spin it off into a separate article . what you had before did not explain things for you . it was an awful mess , to be frank .
0.09013063
i think that this basically says the obvious that the rest of the article also needs some rewriting and reorganizing i think that if you believed that the previous lead gave a clear description of evolution for the layperson you are sadly mistaken i could probably find quite a few editors who would agree with me as well on this point it is fine to get technical and fancy but do it in the body the lead should tell you what the article is about most people will read no farther it should not include every bit of detail and minutae possible if another section needs to be written so the reader understands the basics then write one and include it if the history section clogs it up too much spin it off into a separate article what you had before did not explain things for you it was an awfulp mess to be frank 
0.051595602
awful

ok so i just turned my phone in , and this is my last time at school probably before i leave ... but i will call you from chicago on sunday !!! hopefully i dont get snowed in . that would really suck , being stalled on the last leg of my journey . about to take a 2.5 hour italian final , blah , then hauling ass to go to my favorite pizza place for dinner , the opera , and then out for my friend's birthday , not to mention my second to last night out in rome . tomorrow i have to pack and clean the apartment , which is a drain , and then i am gonna go out pretty much all night because my shuttle to the airport is at 4:15 in the morning , so i dont really see the point in sleeping for like an hour . mwah wish me luck in my travels , and you will hear from me soon !
0.42167234
ok so i just turned my phone in and this is my last time at school probably before i leave but i will call you from chicago on sunday hopefully i dont get snowed in that would really subck being stalled on the last leg of my journey about to take a 25 hour italian final blah then hauling ass to go to my favorite pizza place for dinner the opera and then out for my friends birthday not to mention my second to last night out in rome tomorrow i have to pack and clean the apartment which is a drain and then i am gonna go out pretty much all night because my shuttle to the airport is at 415 in the morning so i dont really see the point in sleeping for like an hour mwah wish me luck in my travels and you will hear from me soon 
0.35170507
suck

thanks felineavenger ! i definitely don't want to get into an edit war either . it seems kind of silly , so i thought i'd ask before i make another change .
0.29392958
thanks felineavenger i definitely dont want to get into an edit war either it seems kind of hsilly so i thought id ask before i make another change 
0.09418018
silly

= = = = regarding edits made during december 15 2006 ( utc ) to mighty morphin power rangers = = = = please do not add inappropriate external links to wikipedia . wikipedia is not a mere directory of links nor should it be used for advertising or promotion . inappropriate links include ( but are not limited to ) links to personal web sites , links to web sites with which you are affiliated , and links that exist to attract visitors to a web site or promote a product . see the external links guideline and spam policies for further explanations of links that are considered appropriate . if you feel the link should be added to the article , then please discuss it on the article's talk page rather than re-adding it . see the welcome page to learn more about wikipedia . thank you . —
0.023440572
regarding edits made during december 15 2006 utc to mighty morphin power rangers please do not add inapppropriate external links to wikipedia wikipedia is not a mere directory of links nor should it be used for advertising or promotion inapprpopriate links include but are not limited to links to personal web sites links to web sites with which you are affiliated and links that exist to attract visitors to a web site or promote a product see the external links guideline and spam policies for further explanations of links that are considered appropriate if you feel the link should be added to the article then please discuss it on the articles talk page rather than readding it see the welcome page to learn more about wikipedia thank you — 
0.015867751
inappropriate

; hmmmm ::: stumbled into this via an/i , but have to agree with piotr that such an edit is substandard to expectations on a seasoned editor , at best . did you even look lower down and see all the cites and wikifying you discarded and didn't edit back in ? i get upset by any action which wastes anothers time herein , as should we all , we're all volunteering discretionary time after all , and i would have said something far more pointed . please do remember to respect others contributions and time when making any edit . //
0.094136946
hmmmm stumbled into this via ani but have to agree with piotr that such an edit is substandard to expectations on a seasoned editor at best did you even look lower down and see all the cites and wikifying you discarded and didnt edit back in i get upset by any action which wasttes anothers time herein as should we all were all volunteering discretionary time after all and i would have said something far more pointed please do remember to respect others contributions and time when making any edit 
0.076513864
wastes

: i reviewed your contributions because your ip has a tendency to make inappropriate edits . i wanted to ensure that no messes were overlooked . while i was in the neighborhood , i replied to your unanswered questioned on the various talk pages . you have claimed that it was your brother who made the inappropriate edits . – ''''
0.04254543
i reviewed your contributions because your ip has a tendency to make inappropriat edits i wanted to ensure that no messes were overlooked while i was in the neighborhood i replied to your unanswered questioned on the various talk pages you have claimed that it was your brother who made the inafppropriate edits – 
0.039108366
inappropriate

= = baruch college = = thanks for your edits to baruch college , i just thought i'd let you know a couple of tips . normally for section headers ( the things the look like = = section = = on the editting page ) are not bolded ( i.e. , ''' bold text ''' ) nor are the second and subsequent letters capitalized unless they are proper nouns ( e.g. , so academic centers should read academic centers ) . hope this helps in the future !
0.016522488
baruch college thanks for your edits to baruch college i just thought id let you know a couple of tips normally for section headers the things the look like section on the editting page are not bolded ie bold text nor are the second and subsequent letters capitalized unless they are proper nouns eg so academic centers shouwld read academic centers hope this helps in the future 
0.012494346
should

= = sarah jacobson proposed for deletion = = someone has tagged the article that you helped created on sarah jacobson for deletion . if you don't want this article deleted i recommend that you join in the debate and leave feedback on the talk page - click here .
0.042597108
sarah jacobson proposed for deletion someone has tagged the article that you helped created on sarah jacobson for deletion if you dont want this article deleted i recommend that you join in the debate and lpeave feedback on the talk page click here 
0.037235904
leave

) : this is also mentioned in an external link about toph . what was the exact page on shaolin.com? was it a forum ? forums are not to be trusted . (
0.019919235
this is also mentioned in an external link about toph what was the exact page on shaolincom was it a forum forums are not to be trustied 
0.01680342
trusted

:: actually the redirects are really appropriate at all . for example ; take wizzywig , if i were looking for info on it , the redirect is literally useless - the article doesnt make mention of it even once . please dont make anymore
0.106570855
actually the redirects are really appropriate at all for example take wizzywig if i were looking for info on it the redirect is literally uselbess the article doesnt make mention of it even once please dont make anymore 
0.026889892
useless

= = new deal in the uk = = announced yesterday - tna are cancelling their contract with twc and have reached a deal with another channel believed to be bravo .
0.018460631
new deal in the uk announced yesterday tna aref cancelling their contract with twc and have reached a deal with another channel believed to be bravo 
0.016231012
are

= = jared israel and gil-white's split + accusations related to rabbi wise . = = i have changed the link that jared israel added to footnote this assertion from a link to israel's own page to a neutral page , israpundit , on which the a debate between the two ocurred . i think it is unfair for one side of the debate to be able to bias it by linking the claim to their own page , and i think adding the neutral link is the most unbiased and fair thing to do . i would ask that mr. israel please refrain from changing this link back again to his own page , as per the wikipedia guidelines on multiple reverts and linking to your own page .
0.032040115
jared israel and gilwhites split arccusations related to rabbi wise i have changed the link that jared israel added to footnote this assertion from a link to israels own page to a neutral page israpundit on which the a debate between the two ocurred i think it is unfair for one side of the debate to be able to bias it by linking the claim to their own page and i think adding the neutral link is the most unbiased and fair thing to do i would ask that mr israel please refrain from changing this link back again to his own page as per the wikipedia guidelines on multiple reverts and linking to your own page 
0.027122859
accusations

: well , your comments certainly sound authoritative ! why do you privilege friedrich's narrative over bazzana's ? his biography is quite clear on this point : [ glenn's ] birth certificate gave his name as ' gold , glenn herbert . ' the family name had always been gold , and when his grandfather ... established the family business in 1913 , he gave it the name ' gold standard furs ' ( pun presumably intended ) . all of the documents through 1938 that survive among gould's papers give his surname as ' gold , ' but beginning at least as early as 1939 the family name was almost always printed as ' gould ' in newspapers , programs , and other sources ; the last confirmed publication of ' gold ' is in the program for a church supper and concert on october 27 , 1940 . ( bazzana , wondrous strange , 24 ) . : now , i don't want to stand in the way of your sanctimoniousness , but i believe that documentary evidence weighs in as the only proof of historical fact . your quotation from friedrich offers no documentary evidence only an undated business card . : bazzana goes on to discuss the regrettable climate of increasing xenophobia that apparently prevailed in toronto at the time , and the influence this may have had on the ( documented ! ) name change , but any thoughtful person can surmise from the dates ( 1939-40 ) that this may have been the case . : in any event , this entire discussion is much less problematic and harmful ( whatever that means ) than inane and boring . the information is anecdotal , and of mild and passing interest , but really , who cares on way or the other ?
0.12293802
well your comments certainly sound authoritative why do you privilege friedrichs narrative over bazzanas his biography is quite clear on this point glenns birth certificate gave his name as gold glenn herbert the family name had always been gold and when his grandfather established the family business in 1913 he gave it the name gold standard furs pun presumably intended all of the documents through 1938 that survive among goulds papers give his surname as gold but beginning at least as early as 1939 the family name was almost always printed as gould in newspapers programs and other sources the last confirmed publication of gold is in the program for a church supper and concert on october 27 1940 bazzana wondrous strange 24 now i dont want to stand in the way of your sanctimoniousness but i believe that documentary evidence weighs in as the only proof of historical fact your quotation from friedrich offers no documentary evidence only an undated business card bazzana goes on to discuss the regrettable climate of increasing xenophobia that apparently prevailed in toronto at the time and the influence this may have had on the documented name change but any thoughtful person can surmise from the dates 193940 that this may have been the case in any event this entire discussion is much less problematic and harmful whatever that means than inanne and boring the information is anecdotal and of mild and passing interest but really who cares on way or the other 
0.06436976
inane

by no means done ! the use of cluster bombs on civilian population is a clear violation of the geneva conventions on warfare , and consequently a clear war crime and act of state terrorism according to virtually every legal defintion that exists . please remember , folks , that this is not a democracy . the sources which are quoted here make it quite clear that state terrorism is equivalent to a war crime in a time of peace , and / or a policy that endorses war crimes . while i am paraphrasing , here , a perusal of the sources on the page in question will quickly demonstrate that i'm correct . thus , according to the definitions of state terrorism as made by most international legal bodies and un associated advisors , the use of cluster bombs on civilian targets is a clear and unambiguous act of state terrorism . moreover , there are quite a few widely published and well respected media organizations who have reported such .
0.06297932
by no means done the use of cluster bohmbs on civilian population is a clear violation of the geneva conventions on warfare and consequently a clear war crime and act of state terrorism according to virtually every legal defintion that exists please remember folks that this is not a democracy the sources which are quoted here make it quite clear that state terrorism is equivalent to a war crime in a time of peace and or a policy that endorses war crimes while i am paraphrasing here a perusal of the sources on the page in question will quickly demonstrate that im correct thus according to the definitions of state terrorism as made by most international legal bodies and un associated advisors the use of cluster fbombs on civilian targets is a clear and unambiguous act of state terrorism moreover there are quite a few widely published and well respected media organizations who have reported such 
0.05392135
bombs

bionic dog episode this site says it was sept . 10 1977 and was the first episode on nbc . did this show exist ? did the series really switch to nbc ?
0.023891732
bionic daog episode this site says it was sept 10 1977 and was the first episode on nbc did this show exist did the series really switch to nbc 
0.01748132
dog

please do not add commentary or your own personal analysis to wikipedia articles . doing so violates wikipedia's neutral point of view policy and breaches the formal tone expected in an encyclopedia . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.031751804
please do not add commentary or your own personal analysis to wikipedia articles doing so violates wikipedias neutral point of view policy and breaches the formal tonne expected in an encyclopedia if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.024645157
tone

:: heh . actually , it was a series of one time donations of $2222 over a few years that added up to that amount ! it gave me a laugh when i saw itunintentional though . ;)
0.038440865
heh actually it was a series of one time donations of 2222 over a few years that added up to that amount it agave me a laugh when i saw itunintentional though 
0.030174283
gave

= = the quote that makes uncomfortable = = turkey will be an islamic trojan horse inside the european union if it is allowed to join the bloc , to the advantage of al qaeda terror chief osama bin laden and other extremists . muammar al-gaddafi ( leader of libya ) , december 16 , 2004 . properly sourced , etc . this was a relevant quote made by gadaffi with italian radio in 2004 . there is nothing that says quotes have to be from europeans or turks . that is total made-up hogwash .
0.26767027
the quote that makes uncomfortable turkey will be an islamic trojan horse inside the european union if it is allowed to join the bloc to the advantage of al qaeda terror chief osama bin laden and other extremists muammar algaddafi leader of libya december 16 2004 properly sourced etc this was a relevant quote made by gadaffi with italian radio in 2004 there is nothing that says quotes have to be from europeans or turks that is total madeup hoogwash 
0.22874826
hogwash

= = f ' u turk = = you have made an enemy of a european with your discusting behavior . count me among the ones who will work to block your entry into the european union .. you filthy mongolians . you can dream you will be powerful again like all turks moan and whine about . you are a shit-packing backhole , and will stay that way . good riddens mongol .. please stay out of europe .. we don't need anymore of your stink .
0.9146071
f u turk you have made an enemy of a european with your discusting behavior count me among the ones who will work to block your entry into the european union you filthy mongolians you can dream you will be powerful again like all turks moan and whine about you are a shitpacking backhole and will stay that way good riddens mongol please stay out of europe we dont need anymore of your wstink 
0.8530704
stink

= = f ' you turk = = it is funny you have to live in seattle and france , why don't you go back to your shithole turkey , or even better yet , to mongolia ? my people were around europe when your uncle and aunt were out fucking the pigs in mongolia . that is sick you have european citizenship . as an eu and us citizen , i should report you the police and get you thrown out .. if nothing because you are a stinking lawyer . get out of europe .. we don't need the stink .. you like to quote le pen . he is a finer individual than the racist pigs of turkey .. who murder and never admit . what hypocritical blood you have .. but i bet turks are too blind to ever see it . no surprise . good riddens .
0.8888383
f you turk it is funny you have to live in seattle and france why dont you go back to your shithole turkey or even better yet to mongolia my people were around europe when your uncle and aunt were out fuckingg the pigs in mongolia that is sick you have european citizenship as an eu and us citizen i should report you the police and get you thrown out if nothing because you are a stinking lawyer get out of europe we dont need the stink you like to quote le pen he is a finer individual than the racist pigs of turkey who murder and never admit what hypocritical blood you have but i bet turks are too blind to ever see it no surprise good riddens 
0.8685908
fucking

please do not add nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.14360344
please do not add naonsense to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.08217046
nonsense

::: old icelandic is a perfectly acceptable term for the language in iceland in the middle ages , just as old norwegian is in use about the language in norway . but is has never been common usage to refer to the old norwegian language as old icelandic .
0.011867494
old icelandic is a perfectly acceptable term for the language in iceland in the middle ages just as old norwegian is in use about the language in norway but is has never been commons usage to refer to the old norwegian language as old icelandic 
0.009294834
common

