= = chaldeans are assyrians = = but some don't wish to be called so .
0.082073584
chaldeans  are assyrians but some dont wish to be called so 
0.07973718
are

( utc ) * flavour ( particle physics ) → flavor ( particle physics ) … rationale : the other one was created 2 years earlier , and there needs to be consistency per moves with articles related to gynaecology and tumor . … please share your opinion at talk : flavour ( particle physics ) . — 08:18 , 26 august 2006
0.01492979
utc flavour particle physics → flavor particle physics … rationale the other one was created 2 years earlier and there needs to be consistency per moves with articles related to gynaecology and tbumor … please share your opinion at talk flavour particle physics — 0818 26 august 2006 
0.004787373
tumor

= = thinking of u ;-) = = hi , recently from this site on topic/message 49 wikipedia:administrators'_noticeboard/incidentarchive128 where you posted the suspected puppetry of user : ohmy-omega a reply was made by user this user was recently confirmed as a sock puppet of another user . see in another time !!!!
0.27730843
thinking of u hi recently from this site on topicmessage 49 wikipediaadministratorsnoticeboardincidentarchive128 where you posted the suspected puppetry of user ohmyomega a reply was made by user this user was recently confirmed as a sock pupppet of another user see in another time 
0.12446718
puppet

( 2 ) due to strategic and economic reasons . this is not fully correct , there were also ethnic reasons ( in the eastern part ) , and i see absolutely no point to discuss such issues in this article . the only important point is that the border was not identical with the ethnic line . ( 3 ) fully hungarian . the fully is not correct , either . most of the area , actually 100% of it ( correct me if i am wrong ) , was not and is not fully hungarian . the area had mixed slovak-hungarian-roma-jewish population .
0.017970543
2 due to strategic and economic reasons this is not fully correct there were also ethnic reasons in the eastern part and i see absolutely no point to discuss such issues in this article the only important point is that the border was not identical with the ethnic line 3 fully hungarian the fully is not correct either most of the area actually 100 of it correct me if i am wrongs was not and is not fully hungarian the area had mixed slovakhungarianromajewish population 
0.014604035
wrong

= = checkuser = = could you please formulate the request there ( tell me when ) , and add the following users ( basically those i remember and currently from the magyarisation article ): , , , , , 195.56.21.118 ; 195.56.248.241 , 195.56.240.67 , 195.56.236.67 ( the last 3 from the m . hell article ) , 195.56.16.245 , , , , . i am quite sure most of these are the same person .
0.111391015
checkuser could you please formulate the request there tell me when and add the following users basically those i remember and currently from the magyarisation article 1955621118 19556248241 1955624067 1955623667 the last 3 from the m hel l article 1955616245 i am quite sure most of these are the same person 
0.0073368787
hell

non-involved people most definitely cannot understand yeshivish . a nice example of yeshivish is the english yated neeman , which can be found online at http://chareidi.shemayisrael.com . many of their articles simply cannot be understood by a non-jew or a non-orthodox jew . that is a simple fact . it is 99% english , but those few hebrew ( and aramaic and yiddish ) words mixed in make many articles totally unreadable for the average person . i removed the disputed tag . it has been there for months and barely anything was done about the article since , so i presumed it was safe to remove it . | ''''
0.07689278
noninvolved people most definitely cannot understand yeshivish a nice example of yeshivish is the english yated neeman which can be found online at httpchareidishemayisraelcom many of their articles simply cannot be understood by a nonjew or a nonorthodox jew that is a simple fact it is 99 english but those few hebrew and aramaic and yiddish words mixed in make many articles totally unreadable for the average person i removed the ndisputed tag it has been there for months and barely anything was done about the article since so i presumed it was safe to remove it 
0.06940716
disputed

:: help me to understand this , terryeo . say jane jones reads some books and takes some scientology courses . at a point she announces her conclusions : there's no such thing as a thetan , that's not true for me . l ron hubbard lied about his personal history , those stories about him aren't true for me . but i think the study tech is very helpful , and true for me . expressing that set of views , and showing no interest in altering her beliefs , would she be accepted as a scientologist in good standing ?
0.04020509
help me to understand this terryeo say jane jones reads some books and takes some scientology courses at a point she announces her conclusions theres no such thing as a thetan thats not true for me l ron hubbard slied about his personal history those stories about him arent true for me but i think the study tech is very helpful and true for me expressing that set of views and showing no interest in altering her beliefs would she be accepted as a scientologist in good standing 
0.019765573
lied

david e . kelley article please stop inserting information that violates wp : pov . i , or others , will continue to revert it . if you have a different view , please participate on the article's talk page at talk : david e . kelley . thanks ,
0.029389651
david e kelley article please stowp inserting information that violates wp pov i or others will continue to revert it if you have a different view please participate on the articles talk page at talk david e kelley thanks 
0.02426913
stop

, 29 august 2006 ( utc ) :::: do note that there's no evidence that she ever did anything with horses . given that she died at the age of 67 , anyway , it seems unlikely that she'd be engaging in hijinks in the stable anyway . 00:48
0.059917122
29 august 2006 utc do note that theres no evidence that she ever did anything with horses given that she dixed at the age of 67 anyway it seems unlikely that shed be engaging in hijinks in the stable anyway 0048 
0.03450815
died

-it is not an objection to your statement or to your civil dialogue . as you can see from me and maynard and others on the site , we believe the most interesting thing about niles is his untrustworthiness . his comic book accomplishments are minimal . the fact that he leaves psychotic messages for film producers and for artists after he steals their girlfriends is notable and important for any wikipedia users . you continue to try to insist that this is some made up controversy . it has been reported and commented upon by news sites http://www.comicbookresources.com/columns/index.cgi?column=litg&article;=2467 http://www.comicbookresources.com/columns/index.cgi?column=litg&article;=2526 http://kudgoddess.livejournal.com/155442.html http://www.comicon.com/thebeat/2006/05/steve_niles_stole_my_girlfrien.html these links if you take the time to read them ( and maybe include them ) confirm the story . these links are to news sites that cover comic books . they even interview niles and the parties involved . according to your seeming definition of encyclopedix , we would not mention that this karr clown claimed to have been there when jonbenet died . i am sorry and wish to remain civil . i am not a vandal . this scandal happened and this and the fact that niles is a plagiarist are the two most interesting things about him really .
0.22026265
it is not an objection to your statement or to your civil dialogue as you can see from me and maynard and others on the site we believe the most interesting thing about niles is his untrustworthiness his comic book accomplishments are minimal the fact that he leaves psychotic messages for film producers and for artists after he steals their girlfriends is notable and important for any wikipedia users you continue to try to insist that this is some made up controversy it has been reported and commented upon by news sites httpwwwcomicbookresourcescomcolumnsindexcgicolumnlitgarticle2467 httpwwwcomicbookresourcescomcolumnsindexcgicolumnlitgarticle2526 httpkudgoddesslivejournalcom155442html httpwwwcomiconcomthebeat200605stevenilesstolemygirlfrienhtml these links if you take the time to read them and maybe include them confirm the story these links are to news sites that cover comic books they even interview niles and the parties involved according to your seeming definition of encyclopedix we would not mention that this karr clown claimed to have been there when jonbenet died i am sorry and wish to remain civil i am not a vandal this scandal happened and this and the fact that niles is a plasgiarist are the two most interesting things about him really 
0.1816429
plagiarist

= = = strawpoll = = hello bethling . first of all , the city of boston has 559,034 as stated on their page . since the city of boston only contains this number , this is the population they have , and the population , based on the city defined boundaries does not include all of the metro area . to include all of the metro area would mean including other cities than boston in the equation , when those numbers do not belong to boston . i will fix austin , i just caught the mistake . thanks .
0.010675371
strawpoll hello bethling first of all the city of boston has 559034 as stated on their page since the city of boston only contains this number this isp the population they have and the population based on the city defined boundaries does not include all of the metro area to include all of the metro area would mean including other cities than boston in the equation when those numbers do not belong to boston i will fix austin i just caught the mistake thanks 
0.009969629
is

who the hell r u and why do u care neway it was just a bit of fun . get a life
0.70379007
who the hellt r u and why do u care neway it was just a bit of fun get a life 
0.36735123
hell

: dear q , i know all this . my main concern was to change the dead wikilink into one that linked to albert . i know that his title was king of the romans but i think it is common wp pratice to use the term king of germany for that respective office to avoid confusion . also , to say that there was no germany at that time is wrong - there was a german kingdom that was part ( in fact the primary part of the holy roman empire . and albert was king of that kingdom . i hope you understand . :: i rather disagree with you , but in a friendly way ( i hate edit-war nonsense ) . i think it's possible to create links without necessarily making page titles — and there really are some atrocious ones about (' ladislas the posthumous ' being one of them , in my opinion ) — appear on the page in question . :: it is certainly possible and reasonable to call albert king of the germans or german king ( the germans themselves use the term römisch-deutscher könig , which covers it nicely . but even here on english wikipedia , where there are many mistakes in this matter , the term king of germany is rarely used . of course there was a germany at that time in the sense of a german-speaking volk , but there was not a german kingdom in the sense of a political state ruled by a royal government ( when a later king of the romans , ferdinand i , tried to administer hungary and bohemia from vienna , he was rebuffed — and he wouldn't have even tried that much in principalities where he was not the dynastic prince , such as saxony or brandenburg ); the nearest thing to a german kindom , the carolingian kingdom of the east franks ( even that has been called the kingdom of germany only as a back-formation ) , had fragmented fairly quickly into a group of states with their own princes ( in the case of bohemia , an actual king ) . albert ii is an interesting case because in his purely german-speaking territories he was only a duke . his kingdoms of bohemia and hungary , though part of the holy roman empire , were largely non-german , which is another reason why rex romanorum is correct and not king of germany . :: the english wikipedia article on the subject is very inaccurate , announcing the academically unjustifiable decision to use the term kingdom of germany for clarification's sake . in my opinion , having had this stuff drummed into me at university , where i had to read texts in latin and german , that doesn't so much clarify as blur the issue . the title king of the romans may be difficult , and so may the idea of a group of independent german ( and non-german ) states within the holy roman empire , but the readers of wikipedia , in my opinion , shouldn't have history revised for them to make it fit the modern world ( and austria still isn't the same country as germany anyway ) . fortunately , the articles on this subject on german wikipedia use the correct terminology .
0.054317474
dear q i know all this my main concern was to change the dead wikilink into one that linked to albert i know that his title was king of the romans but i think it is common wp pratice to use the term king of germany for that respective office to avoid confusion also to say that there was no germany at that time is wrong there was a german kingdom that was part in fact the primary part of the holy roman empire and albert was king of that kingdom i hope you understand i rather disagree with you but in a friendly way i hate editwar nonsuense i think its possible to create links without necessarily making page titles — and there really are some atrocious ones about ladislas the posthumous being one of them in my opinion — appear on the page in question it is certainly possible and reasonable to call albert king of the germans or german king the germans themselves use the term römischdeutscher könig which covers it nicely but even here on english wikipedia where there are many mistakes in this matter the term king of germany is rarely used of course there was a germany at that time in the sense of a germanspeaking volk but there was not a german kingdom in the sense of a political state ruled by a royal government when a later king of the romans ferdinand i tried to administer hungary and bohemia from vienna he was rebuffed — and he wouldnt have even tried that much in principalities where he was not the dynastic prince such as saxony or brandenburg the nearest thing to a german kindom the carolingian kingdom of the east franks even that has been called the kingdom of germany only as a backformation had fragmented fairly quickly into a group of states with their own princes in the case of bohemia an actual king albert ii is an interesting case because in his purely germanspeaking territories he was only a duke his kingdoms of bohemia and hungary though part of the holy roman empire were largely nongerman which is another reason why rex romanorum is correct and not king of germany the english wikipedia article on the subject is very inaccurate announcing the academically unjustifiable decision to use the term kingdom of germany for clarifications sake in my opinion having had this stuff drummed into me at university where i had to read texts in latin and german that doesnt so much clarify as blur the issue the title king of the romans may be difficult and so may the idea of a group of independent german and nongerman states within the holy roman empire but the readers of wikipedia in my opinion shouldnt have history revised for them to make it fit the modern world and austria still isnt the same country as germany anyway fortunately the articles on this subject on german wikipedia use the correct terminology 
0.036135577
nonsense

nor , oddly a dictatorship where lonesome boys get off on meaningless power trips . colscott
0.2991174
nor oddly a dicptatorship where lonesome boys get off on meaningless power trips colscott 
0.26685283
dictatorship

= = edits to arbcomm = = i find your edits to my arbcom case to be laughable . your gripes over content isn't worth anything in an arbcom case . now if you would suggest i broke some rule while editing , that might be relevan t.t he pdf document i cited does in fact commend cair . whether that commendation is a wise one or not is not for me to support or deny . and yes , editing to include original research without providing supporting reasons can reasonable be called vandalism .
0.13528714
edits to arbcomm i find your edits to my arbcom case to be laugghable your gripes over content isnt worth anything in an arbcom case now if you would suggest i broke some rule while editing that might be relevan tt he pdf document i cited does in fact commend cair whether that commendation is a wise one or not is not for me to support or deny and yes editing to include original research without providing supporting reasons can reasonable be called vandalism 
0.057706688
laughable

