no i am just put things into google translate make words come out random order back fowards
0.09999746
no i am just put things into google translate mak e words come out random order back fowards 
0.0842525
make

hi , percyhou , welcome to wikipedia ! i hope you like this place — i sure do — and want to stay . before getting too in-depth , you may want to read about the five pillars of wikipedia and simplified ruleset . if you need help on how to title new articles check out the naming conventions , and for help on formatting the pages visit the manual of style . if you need help look at wikipedia : help and the faq , plus if you can't find your answer there , check the village pump ( for wikipedia related questions ) or the reference desk ( for general questions ) ! there's still more help at the tutorial and policy library . plus , don't forget to visit the community portal . and if you have any more questions after that , feel free to post them on or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will be by to help you shortly . -tab_token = = = = additional tips = = = = tab_tokentab_token here's some extra tips to help you get around in the ' pedia ! * if you want to play around with your new wiki skills the sandbox is for you . tab_token * you can sign your name using three tildes (~) . if you use four , you can add a datestamp too . five will get you the datestamp only . * you may want to add yourself to the new user log . tab_token * if you ever think a page or image should be deleted , please list it at the votes for deletion page . there is also a votes for undeletion page if you want to retrieve something that you think should not have been deleted . * if you're still entirely confused , or would like to get a better grasp of your wikipedia skills , and you have an irc client ( or don't mind getting one ) , check out the bootcamp . it's not what it sounds like , but it is fun and can help you with your editing skills . * if you're bored and want to find something to do , try the random page button in the sidebar , or check out the open task message in the community portal . happy wiki-ing . — ps : this is not a bot and you did nothing to prompt this message . this is just a friendly welcome by a fellow wikipedian . click here to respond to this message !
0.019019637
hi percyhou welcome to wikipedia i hope you like this place — i sure do — and want to stay before getting too indepth you may want to read about the five pillars of wikipedia and simplified ruleset if you need help on how to title new articles check out the naming conventions and for help on formatting the pages visit the manual of style if you need help look at wikipedia help and the faq plus if you cant find your answer there check the village pump for wikipedia related questions or the reference desk for general questions theres still more help at the tutorial and policy library plus dont forget to visit the community portal and if you have any more questions after that feel free to post them on or place helpme on your talk page and someone will be by to help you shortly tabtoken additional tips tabtokentabtoken heres some extra tips to help you get around in the pedia if you want to play around with your new wiki skills the sandbox is for you tabtoken you can sign your name using three tildes if you use four you can add a datestamp too five will get you the datestamp only you may want to add yourself to the new user log tabtoken if you ever think a page or image should be dqleted please list it at the votes for deletion page there is also a votes for undeletion page if you want to retrieve something that you think should not have been ndeleted if youre still entirely confused or would like to get a better grasp of your wikipedia skills and you have an irc client or dont mind getting one check out the bootcamp its not what it sounds like but it is fun and can help you with your editing skills if youre bored and want to find something to do try the random page button in the sidebar or check out the open task message in the community portal happy wikiing — ps this is not a bot and you did nothing to prompt this message this is just a friendly welcome by a fellow wikipedian click here to respond to this message 
0.010966272
deleted

= = faggot = = you lil piece of shit i haven’t vandalised nothing i will fuck u up wh
0.9813712
faggot you lil piece of shit i haven’t vandalised nothing i will fucku u up wh 
0.96713
fuck

= = babak and persians = = hey tajik , thanks for the bbc article . i did want to talk to you though with regards to the stuff going with the persians . i noticed some activity there and realized that someone has added tajiks as ' persians ' , which in effect negates the tajiks page . now the problem with this is the article on the persians will turn into a massive article describing cultural variations and divergent histories etc . i'm not sure this is a good way to go . tajiks are indeed persians , but are as distinct as the slovaks are from the czechs or the croats from serbs ( both groups speak mutually intelligible languages or basically the same language ) . in addition , as you well know , many , if not most , don't call themselves persians anyway ( most i've met refer to themselves as afghans or will talk of their ' aryan ' lineage ) . the way we've set it up , on iranian peoples was good in that we had tajiks as a sub-type of persians ( which i believe you put in ) , and thus can have their own article as both a closely related type of central asian persians and as an iranian people with many distinct qualities of their own ( linking them more to persians in northeast iran rather than those of western iran ) , including the tajiks of tajikistan . in addition , most references distinguish between the two , while clarifying tajiks as an iranian people , usually referred to as central asian persians . in short , after all this , i think it's a huge mistake to subsume the tajiks given the weight of history and divergence that has taken place simply due to the vast geographic expanse and the tajiks own unique qualities . ciao .
0.015553355
babak and p e r s i a n s hey tajik thanks for the bbc article i did want to talk to you though with regards to the stuff going with the perisans i noticed some activity there and realized that someone has added tajiks as persikans which in effect negates the tajiks page now the problem with this is the article on the persiagns will turn into a massive article describing cultural variations and divergent histories etc im not sure this is a good way to go tajiks are indeed persinas but are as distinct as the slovaks are from the czechs or the croats from serbs both groups speak mutually intelligible languages or basically the same language in addition as you well know many if not most dont call themselves p e r s i a n s anyway most ive met refer to themselves as afghans or will talk of their aryan lineage the way weve set it up on iranian peoples was good in that we had tajiks as a subtype of pesians which i believe you put in and thus can have their own article as both a closely related type of central asian persdians and as an iranian people with many distinct qualities of their own linking them more to peursians in northeast iran rather than those of western iran including the tajiks of tajikistan in addition most references distinguish between the two while clarifying tajiks as an iranian people usually referred to as central asian persiansl in short after all this i think its a huge mistake to subsume the tajiks given the weight of history and divergence that has taken place simply due to the vast geographic expanse and the tajiks own unique qualities ciao 
0.013000602
persians

= = hey look at this shit vandalism ! = = first image on the web
0.7708418
hey look at this sghit vandalism first image on the web 
0.16628149
shit

** on further investigation , i think i see what your question was , and if so , i edited the sub-stub categories to be consistent with changes someone else had done to the bc stub category . either way , i was trying to be consistent with prior stuff others had done .
0.027908213
on further investigation i think i see what your question was and if so i edited the substub categories to b e consistent with changes someone else had done to the bc stub category either way i was trying to bel consistent with prior stuff others had done 
0.01670555
be

: if the problem was with {{ infobox single }} as you say , fair enough , but in that case you should have edited {{ infobox single }} first and then {{ extra chronology }} . leaving 1% of the entire encyclopedia ( yes , we have a lot of music articles ) broken isn't really an option . thanks again –
0.014700872
if the problem was with infobox single as you say fair enough but in that case you should have edited infobox single first and then extra chronology leaving 1 of the elntire encyclopedia yes we have a lot of music articles broken isnt really an option thanks again – 
0.011126582
entire

please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to merle allin . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , as you did to rats of unusual size , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia . ''''''
0.22811498
please refrain from adding nxonsense to wikipedia as you did to merle allin it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox please stop if you continue to vandalize pages as you did to rats of unusual size you will be blocked from editing wikipedia 
0.19888332
nonsense

please do not add speedy deletion tags to our article . we do not believe the article deserves to be deleted because it is about us and once again we did not create the link . if you think the article deserves to be deleted go kiss your comptuer goodbye . we will convene to reach a decision and will not look at anything you give us . thank you .
0.07090415
please do not add speedy deletion tags to our article we do not believe the article deserves to be deleted because it is about us and once again we did not create the link if you think the article deserves to be deleted gpo kiss your comptuer goodbye we will convene to reach a decision and will not look at anything you give us thank you 
0.059608188
go

this is your last warning . the next time you add a speedy deletion notice to our article , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia because we'll fry your computer .
0.26483148
this is your last warning the next time you add a speedy deletion notice to our article you will be blocked from editing wikipedia because well fryy your computer 
0.18425007
fry

: hey sheep . thanks for collecting the refs . nice work . although i'm unsure what you want us to do with them . i saw on your sandbox that you were working on the t-rex article . so does this mean you will be adding the refs , and you want us to ... do what ? sort out the best references ? or have you abandoned you plan to work on your sandbox article , and you want us to add the references ourselves ? or ...? sorry if this seems obvious , but i don't quite get what you want us to do here . whatever it is , i'm more than willing to give it a go . ) happy editing .
0.07473363
hey sheeps thanks for collecting the refs nice work although im unsure what you want us to do with them i saw on your sandbox that you were working on the trex article so does this mean you will be adding the refs and you want us to do what sort out the best references or have you abandoned you plan to work on your sandbox article and you want us to add the references ourselves or sorry if this seems obvious but i dont quite get what you want us to do here whatever it is im more than willing to give it a go happy editing 
0.027899502
sheep

= = your removal of the pictures from magiranger = = i replaced all of these edits , as you listed no reason as to why they were removed . they belong there as they are screencaps from magiranger featuring all of the magiranger members . they are simply named incorrectly as the mystic force's character names .
0.067167014
your removal of the pictures from magiranger i rfeplaced all of these edits as you listed no reason as to why they were removed they belong there as they are screencaps from magiranger featuring all of the magiranger members they are simply named incorrectly as the mystic forces character names 
0.03636785
replaced

