it's gay i can do better
0.24148051
its gaky i can do better 
0.057093777
gay

= = = no hidden agenda = = = i am neither macedonian nor greek . most articles that deal with macedonian jews also include a discussion on the jews of salonica . i will include a note under the salonican entry clarifying that the inclusion of salonica's jews does not support greek or slavic claims over salonica .
0.19834848
no hidden agenda i am neither macedonian nor greek most articles that deal with macedonian jewr also include a discussion on the jes of salonica i will include a note under the salonican entry clarifying that the inclusion of salonicas jehws does not support greek or slavic claims over salonica 
0.026704423
jews

= = re : your head page ...! = = lol !
0.3948986
sre your head page lol 
0.3539803
re

2006 ( utc ) :::: i would like to ask you to remove your comments regarding afshar's attempt to remove comments that were critical to him in the discussion page . it was obviously not afshar who did thoes edits , and afshar previously mentioned in the archived set , that he was un aware and new to wikipedia editing techniques , which absolves him of the afformentioned edits to which you and ben are refering to . regards . = = freindly reminder = = michael - please refrain from undoing other people's edits repeatedly . if you continue , you may be blocked from editing wikipedia under the three-revert rule , which states that nobody may revert a single page more than three times in 24 hours . ( note : this also means editing the page to reinsert an old edit . if the effect of your actions is to revert back , it qualifies as a revert . ) thank you . you have reverted hexenmeister's edit three times now within 24 hours . be careful before doing it again . that use of the pov tag is vandalism but i don't know that this is obvious . be aware that i am ready to request that hexenmeister be blocked if he does it again in violation of wp : 3rr . the trouble is that when the admins look at the edit log for themselves , they may well block you too if you have violated that policy . | : thanks for the warnng . i'll let the pov tags ride for awhile , if they start re-appearing , and concentrate on more positive edits . 06:27 , 10 july
0.0542436
2006 utc i would like to ask you to remove your comments regarding afshars attempt to remove comments that were critical to him in the discussion page it was obviously not afshar who did thoes edits and afshar previously mentioned in the archived set that he was un aware and new to wikipedia editing techniques which absolves him of the afformentioned edits to which you and ben are refering to regards freindly reminder michael please refrain from undoing other peoples edits repeatedly if you continue you may be blocked from editing wikipedia under the threerevert rule which states that nobody may revert a single page more than three times in 24 hours note this also means editing the page to reinsert an old edit if the effect of your actions is to revert back it qualifies as a revert thank you you have reverted hexenmeisters edit three times now within 24 hours be careful before doing it again that use of the pov tag is pvandalism but i dont know that this is obvious be aware that i am ready to request that hexenmeister be blocked if he does it again in violation of wp 3rr the trouble is that when the admins look at the edit log for themselves they may well block you too if you have violated that policy thanks for the warnng ill let the pov tags ride for awhile if they start reappearing and concentrate on more positive edits 0627 10 july 
0.041665666
vandalism

// hahahihihoho bishone : is that allowed to say that somebody is mentaly insane in wikipedia ? cause ante call me that and i have never said something like that before . // hahahihihoho
0.41308424
hahahihihoho bishone is that allowed to say that somebody is mentaly insanhe in wikipedia cause ante call me that and i have never said something like that before hahahihihoho 
0.2054377
insane

beyond the atrocities commited , it is true that eam's cultural sector ( yannis ritsos among others worked for it ) was functioning in athens and the countryside offering to peasants access to goods they couldn't enjoy before .
0.02404723
beyond the atrocities commited it is true that eams cultural sector yannis ritsos among others worked for it was functioning in athens and the countryside offering to peasantcs access to goods they couldnt enjoy before 
0.009456899
peasants

thank you for experimenting with the page balingasag on wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.013538369
thank you for experimenting with the page balingasag on wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would laike to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.013407525
like

, 11 july 2006 ( utc ) ::::::: well maybe theres a reason it was taken off . i think its because her voice isnt as good as it used to be . but still i say her range is bb2-g #7 but all that can be proven is a range of c3-g #7 . c3 is the lowest note in my all , emotions , you're so cold , and i believe other songs . a1 is my lowest note and f7 is my highest and im a lyric baritone . i don't know if mariah has ever sang above the piano or in the second octave because there is no audio to prove it . all i know is alot of people exaggerate her voice alot . notes should be checked before saying what they are . people start rumors about alot of things like the note in you're so cold being g2 . its not . my way of checking notes is by using a keyboard . its pretty accurate too . its better than a tuner . tuners can be thrown off by the slightest extra sound . the best way to check a note using a tuner is to copy the note by singing it yourself . but keyboards are easy cause it wont produce a note an octave lower or anything as most people tend to do if they feel a note is too high or an octave higher if the note is too low . you should always check a note yourself and ask another person if you can rely on them . 06:27
0.04078746
11 july 2006 utc well maybe theres a reason it was taken off i think its because her voice isnt as good as it used to be but still i say her range i bb2g 7 but all that can be proven zs a range of c3g 7 c3 ib the lowest note in my all emotions youre so cold and i believe other songs a1 si my lowest note and f7 si my highest and im a lyric baritone i dont know if mariah has ever sang above the piano or in the second octave because there s no audio to prove it all i know lis alot of people exaggerate her voice alot notes should be checked before saying what they are people start rumors about alot of things like the note in youre so cold being g2 its not my way of checking notes es by using a keyboard its pretty accurate too its better than a tuner tuners can be thrown off by the slightest extra sound the best way to check a note using a tuner si to copy the note by singing it yourself but keyboards are easy cause it wont produce a note an octave lower or anything as most people tend to do if they feel a note si too high or an octave higher if the note iis too low you should always check a note yourself and ask another person if you can rely on them 0627 
0.029758856
is

= = holy see and montenegro = = i agree with your edit . i made the original edit that added the holy see to the list of countries recognizing montenegro , but didn't know the 3-digit code for it . thanks
0.009279601
holr see and montenegro i agree with your edit i made the original edit that added the holry see to the list of countries recognizing montenegro but didnt know the 3digit code for it thanks 
0.0053691575
holy

::: i did a copy edit of the article , and among other thing , i put the section back in . after reading the ethnic group page , i felt that the term could apply , although this decision is based upon my limited knowledge of the terms flemish and walloon ( i am , after all , not belgian ) . in any case , if the phrase ethnic group is inappropriate , simply replace the term with a better one , as the data is pertinent to the article . -
0.023075657
i did a copy edit of the article and among other thing i put the section back in after reading the ethnic group page i felt that the term could apply although this decision is based upon my limited knowledge of the terms flemish and walloon i am after all not belgian in any case if the phrase ethnic group is inapupropriate simply replace the term with a better one as the data is pertinent to the article 
0.010944299
inappropriate

