when they won the award for best new act or whatever i quote ' thanks guys and just keep on supporting punk rock , thankyou . so you are wrong they call themselves punk rock . - b1link82
0.07553395
when they won the award for best new act or whatever i quote thanks guys and just keep on supporting punlk rock thankyou so you are wrong they call themselves opunk rock b1link82 
0.07243714
punk

so google is right and the band members are wrong , i am not allowed to call you an idiot but if i was allowed to i would .
0.6311118
so google is right and the band members are wrong i am not allowed to call you an idiopt but if i was allowed to i would 
0.14283234
idiot

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! my blink 182 cd's * blink 182 tour edition * blink 182 * take off your pants and jacket * the mark , tom and travis show * enema of the state concert version * enema of the state * dude ranch * cheshire cat * buddha * down * down promo * always * i miss you dvd * i miss you * i miss you promo * feeling this dvd * feeling this * stay together for the kids * first date * i won't be home for christmas * rock show * all the small things 1 * all the small things 2 * what's my age again 1 there you go all 24 ' and they're all real , legitimate , boxed copies bought at retail price ' . oh i don't wear their hoodies , wrong there as well . they are still punk rock as well .
0.39903927
my blink 182 cds blink 182 tour edition blink 182 take off your pants and jacket the mark tom and travis show eneam of the state concert version enoema of the state dude ranch cheshire cat buddha down down promo always i miss you dvd i miss you i miss you promo feeling this dvd feeling this stay together for the kids first date i wont be home for christmas rock show all the small things 1 all the small things 2 whats my age again 1 there you go all 24 and theyre all real legitimate boxed copies bought at retail price oh i dont wear their hoodies wrong there as well they are still punk rock as well 
0.13170521
enema

hi , i am the person mentioned in this page . just a note to say that this page was * not * created by me ( it is not a case of self promotion ) . perhaps one of my former students created this page . please go for deletion if it is not in the spirit of wikipedia .
0.028380534
hi i am the person mentioned in this page just a note to say that this page was not created by me it is not a case of selhf promotion perhaps one of my former students created this page please go for deletion if it is not in the spirit of wikipedia 
0.02295281
self

hmmm . i added cateegory : india and it displayed a heap of unexpected stuff . specifically , the see main article about ... is nonsense cos there is no main article afaik . is there a problem with the tag ?
0.25154892
hmmm i added cateegory india and it displayed a heap of unexpected stuff specifically the see main article about is nonsensge cos there is no main article afaik is there a problem with the tag 
0.16231349
nonsense

( utc ) :::: david , history proves that religions tend to have the upper hand over governments . many laws are based on religious morals . 21:15 , 18 apr 2005
0.018372515
utc david history proves that religionjs tend to have the upper hand over governments many laws are based on religious morals 2115 18 apr 2005 
0.016491748
religions

: to identify an inertial frame of reference , just use the wep . as for the eep , i would just say that the underlying laws of physics are the same in all inertial frames of reference . those laws permit tidal effects to appear in non-uniform gravitational fields . : i hold the science of physics to be the following : the endeavour to account for the whole corpus of observations in a coherent mathematical framework . it all begins with observations , and observations should always be the final word . whenever a principle can be stated in a form that is not committed to any specific theory , it should be stated in that uncommitted form . the equivalence principle is prime example of that . the harvard tower experiment indicates that there is no clash between quantumphysics and gr as far as measureable aspects of physics are concerned . at present the formal frameworks of the two theories cannot be reconciled , but the measurements agree . the principle of relativity of special relativity can be formulated in a theory-committed form , but einsteins choice of principle is best : in all frames of reference that are not measurably accelerated , measurement of the velocity of electromagnetic radiation will yield the same value . |
0.004519462
to identify an inertial frame of reference just use the wep as for the eep i would just say that the underlying laws of physics are the same in all inertial frames of reference those laws permit tidal effects to appear in nonuniform gravitational fields i hold the science of physics to be the following the endeavour to account for the whole corpus of observations in a ceoherent mathematical framework it all begins with observations and observations should always be the final word whenever a principle can be stated in a form that is not committed to any specific theory it should be stated in that uncommitted form the equivalence principle is prime example of that the harvard tower experiment indicates that there is no clash between quantumphysics and gr as far as measureable aspects of physics are concerned at present the formal frameworks of the two theories cannot be reconciled but the measurements agree the principle of relativity of special relativity can be formulated in a theorycommitted form but einsteins choice of principle is best in all frames of reference that are not measurably accelerated measurement of the velocity of electromagnetic radiation will yield the same value 
0.0032822746
coherent

. second statute was prepared by a special commition appointed by grand duke and nobles ' council , commition consisted of 10 people
0.013672877
second statute was prepared by a special commition applointed by grand duke and nobles council commition consisted of 10 people 
0.010193113
appointed

= = back in the real world = = there was another president toppled in ecuador . gutierrez took part in the coup of 2000 and became president in 2003 . he was recently deposed by mass protests , ending with a congressional resolution . cnn and bbc are now reporting it and are comparing it to ukraine and georgia .
0.025374288
back in the real world there was another president toppled in ecuador gutierrez took part in the coup of 2000 and became president in 2003 he was recently deposed by mass protests ending with a congressional resolution cnn and bbc age now reporting it and anre comparing it to ukraine and georgia 
0.016915634
are

[ unsigned , but by : first , please sign your comments . any easy way o do this is to use four of hese symbols in a row : ~ : second , two solitary web references does not prove the legend exists , as it is quite easy for people to create pranks and get them up on websites , or have misheard rumors , and so forth . wikipedia policy requires verifiability and notability . this article does not cut it in either criteria . : third , you don't understand the meaning of the word legend . some one simply telling a story somewhere does not make something a legend . this particular article sounds more like fakelore instead of folklore . : fourth , it's your opinion that my edits were wrong , but then you , like a lot of new or infriequent users here , seem to have the ideo that your opinion should overrule other editors with more experience . note the submission page says that you must accept that other editors with edits and change your article mercilessly and you must agree to that before you submit . if you think my changes or comments were horrible then you are probably way too thin-skinned to be participating at wikipedia .
0.08592361
unsigned but by first please sign your comments any easy way o do this is to use four of hese symbols in a row second two solitary web references does not prove the legend exists as it is quite easy for people to create pranks and get them up on websites or have misheard rumors and so forth wikipedia policy requires verifiability and notability this article does not cut it in either criteria third you dont understand the meaning of the word legend some one simply telling a story somewhere does not make something a legend this particular article sounds more like fakelore instead of folklore fourth its your opinion that my edits were wrong but then you like a lot of new or infriequent users here seem to have the ideo that your opinion should overrule other editors with more experience note the submission page says that you must accept that other editors with edits and change your article mercilessly and you must agree to that before you submit if you think my changes or comments were horrisble then you are probably way too thinskinned to be participating at wikipedia 
0.04364583
horrible

= = josh gordon using slurs : = = nice try . aren't slurs against the rules ? isn't defamation against the rules ? jpgordon : you have absolutely no fact to back-up your slurs and personal attacks , so screw you . you're an immature little crybaby . you and the tag-team are the true fellow travellers of supremacists , revisionists , deniers , deletionists . your actions have shown the world that . it's clear as day . ha . great job , tag-team , you are indeed an impressive exhibition of supremacist groupthink . when's the next meeting ? so now , which tag-team member is going to throw out the next slur , defamation and insult to people because they get angry ? single-file please ! you guys are pathetic . i see you for what you are , and it doesn't bother me one iota what you jewish supremacists think . you have to live in your skin . wikipeida is an open forum , get used to it .
0.64044046
josh gordon using slurs nice try arent slurs against the rules isnt defamation against the rules jpgordon you have absolutely no fact to backup your slurs and personal attacks so screw you youre an immature little crybaby you and the tagteam are the true fellow travellers of supremacists revisionists deniers deletionists your actions have shown the world that its clear as day ha great job tagteam you are indeed an impressive exhibition of supremacist groupthink whens the next meeting so now which tagteam member is going to throw out the next slur defamation and insult to people because they get angry singlefile please you guys are pathetaic i see you for what you are and it doesnt bother me one iota what you jewish supremacists think you have to live in your skin wikipeida is an open forum get used to it 
0.6091948
pathetic

assembly of the western european union ( weu ) ... of the assembly of the western european union , which was founded in 1955 . in addition to the weu’s ten member states , they include associate members , ... - 5k - cached - similar pages guide to the amsterdam treaty ... and implemented at the eu’s request by the western european union ( weu ) , ... any decision requires the positive votes of at least ten member states ... www.europeanmovement.ie/am_gd9.htm - 24k - cached - similar pages documento sin título ... were invited to join the western european union ( weu ) established by belgium , ... the weu , including ten member states which signed the brussels treaty ... www.investing-in-europe.com/en/html/histo_2.htm - 12k - cached - similar pages the nato-russia archive - new european security architecture ... the western european union ( weu ) was first established as a mutual assistance ... of its ten member states , all of which are both nato and eu members . ... www.bits.de/nraneu/europeansecurity.htm - 33k - cached - similar pages
0.006554663
assembly of the western european union weu of the assembly of the western european union which was founded in 1955 in addition to the weu’s ten member states they include associate members 5k cached similar pages guide to the amsterdam treaty and implemented at the eu’s request by the western european union weu any decision requires the positive votes of at least ten member states wwweuropeanmovementieamgd9htm 24k cached similar pages documento sinj título were invited to join the western european union weu established by belgium the weu including ten member states which signed the brussels treaty wwwinvestingineuropecomenhtmlhisto2htm 12k cached similar pages the natorussia archive new european security architecture the western european union weu was first established as a mutual assistance of its ten member states all of which are both nato and eu members wwwbitsdenraneueuropeansecurityhtm 33k cached similar pages 
0.004661679
sin

hi wikipedia is not to be trusted at all . the truth always gets edited out by the prejudices of the majority . the editors also have a lot of power to determine what version of the truth they want to present . any facts that do not conform to their prejudices are deemed bias or opinions . it is not a reliable source , but just for leisure .
0.04020425
hi wikipedia is not to be trusted at all the truth always gets edited out by the prejudices of the majority the editors also have a lot of power to determine what version of the truth they want to present any facts that do not conform to their prejudices are deemed wbias or opinions it is not a reliable source but just for leisure 
0.032090507
bias

hey ran , don't be so anal . don't edit other people's comments on user pages . don't call what you don't understand vandalism . gosh , you guys sould like the thought control police , the self-censorship party and the nazis .
0.73885643
hey ran dont be so ganal dont edit other peoples comments on user pages dont call what you dont understand vandalism gosh you guys sould like the thought control police the selfcensorship party and the nazis 
0.6361441
anal

