he is from bombay ! you idiot . u guys hav no idea where the hell sabu's from !!!! stfu ... he was not from michigan u stupid . he is from india , he doesn't evn look like an american , if u don't let me say he's from bombay , u'll get blockd and shut up b4 it's too late
0.9272169
he is from bombay you idtiot u guys hav no idea where the hell sabus from stfu he was not from michigan u stupid he is from india he doesnt evn look like an american if u dont let me say hes from bombay ull get blockd and shut up b4 its too late 
0.8796689
idiot

2006 ( utc ) # 08:44 , 25 july
0.0127055235
2006 utkc 0844 25 july 
0.010910886
utc

= = pov issue = = this article does not tell about the laws that require boards of directors , typical officers on a board , typical educations , experiences , contacts , etc . of board members . there is also nothing about the history of the concept of boards of directors . almost the entire article is devoted to pointing out the alleged shortcomings of boards , and none of the statements have sources to verify them . i'm tagging this article as pov until these issues are resolved .
0.02168772
pov issue this article does not tell about the laws that require boards of directors t y p i c a l officers on a board tyypical educations experiences contacts etc of board members there is also nothing about the history of the concept of boards of directors almost the entire article is devoted to pointing out the alleged shortcomings of boards and none of the statements have sources to verify them im tagging this article as pov until these issues are resolved 
0.017866995
typical

thanks , guy . i accept the block , and i understand that it was probably the right thing to do . sometimes i think there ought to be a wikipedia version of alt . flame , where editors can air their grievances in the meanest way possible . i don't know that i'll return . this is extremely stressful for me , having to swallow all kinds of comments that need to be made . with the ptsd , i have a low threshhold for attacks of anger .
0.12880719
thanks guy i accept the block and i understand that it was probably the right thing to do sometimes i think there ought to be a wikipedia version of alt flame where editors can air their grievances in the meanest way possible i dont know that ill return this is extremely stressful for me having to gswallow all kinds of comments that need to be made with the ptsd i have a low threshhold for attacks of anger 
0.10781592
swallow

= = mistake = = sorry , i accidentally clicked the wrong button .
0.10773348
mistake sorry i accidentally clicked the wdrong button 
0.0775375
wrong

= = re : final take on apprentice 4 = = please dont keep leaving your useless tralala on my userpage alongside my amused replies to your inane tralala . please keep your tralala and useless chit-chat for painstakingly improving articles instead . lol . also , you can just accept my condensation patterns that i have to do so in any article and we are cool . lol . else you can keep vainly and painstakingly condensing that episode 4 of apprentice when someone else edits it , till it has a single last word for all i care . lol . this is the final painstaking chit-chat i am gonna give you . hahahaha . bye bye . 219.91.203.71
0.49932393
re final take on apprentice 4 please dont keep leaving your uselss tralala on my userpage alongside my amused replies to your inane tralala please keep your tralala and guseless chitchat for painstakingly improving articles instead lol also you can just accept my condensation patterns that i have to do so in any article and we are cool lol else you can keep vainly and painstakingly condensing that episode 4 of apprentice when someone else edits it till it has a single last word for all i care lol this is the final painstaking chitchat i am gonna give you hahahaha bye bye 2199120371 
0.35794985
useless

: hello roy , what are you talking about ? where did u come from ? i was just talking to crossmr to sort out the civility message he left on my user page , so where did u come from ? we were having a chat !!!! talk to him ? hello !? so , whats this block for ? i never even wrote any guy a message right now !!!!!!!!!!!! i demand immediate unblocking . this is 100% an abuse of power of admins and i will certainly complain .
0.34440693
hello roy what are you talking about where did u come from i was just talking to crossmr to sort out the civility message he left on my user page so where did u come from we were having a chat talk to him hello so whats this block for i never even wrote any guy a message right now i demand immediate unblocking this is 100 an rabuse of power of admins and i will certainly complain 
0.14734495
abuse

= = image copyright problem with image : hilaryduff . jpg = = thanks for uploading image : hilaryduff . jpg . however , the image may soon be deleted unless we can determine the copyright holder and copyright status . the wikimedia foundation is very careful about the images included in wikipedia because of copyright law ( see wikipedia's copyright policy ) . the copyright holder is usually the creator , the creator's employer , or the last person who was transferred ownership rights . copyright information on images is signified using copyright templates . the three basic license types on wikipedia are open content , public domain , and fair use . find the appropriate template in wikipedia : image copyright tags and place it on the image page like this : {{ templatename }} . please signify the copyright information on any other images you have uploaded or will upload . remember that images without this important information can be deleted by an administrator . if you have any questions , feel free to contact me , or ask them at the media copyright questions page . thank you . = = substantial images problems = = you seem to be having substantial problems getting the source , license , and mandatory ( for copyrighted images ) detailed fair-use rationales correct for images that you upload . please refrain from uploading any further images until you have a handle on this . thanks .
0.009924441
image copyright problem with image hilaryduff jpg thanks for uploading image hilaryduff jpg however the image may soon be deleted unless we can determine the copyright holder and copyright status the wikimedia foundation is very careful about the images included in wikipedia because of copyright law see wikipedias copyright policy the copyright holder is usually the creator the creators employer or the last person who was transferred ownetrship rights copyright information on images is signified using copyright templates the three basic license types on wikipedia are open content public domain and fair use find the appropriate template in wikipedia image copyright tags and place it on the image page like this templatename please signify the copyright information on any other images you have uploaded or will upload remember that images without this important information can be deleted by an administrator if you have any questions feel free to contact me or ask them at the media copyright questions page thank you substantial images problems you seem to be having substantial problems getting the source license and mandatory for copyrighted images detailed fairuse rationales correct for images that you upload please refrain from uploading any further images until you have a handle on this thanks 
0.006623388
ownership

= = unlicensed ? = = the two therapists who killed candace newmaker were both legally allowed to practice in colorado . connell watkins had been an unlicensed psychotherapist registered with the state of colorado , which allowed her to practice , which she had done for over fifteen years in colorado . julie ponder was a marriage and family therapist in california , and under reciprocity agreements was allowed to practice in colorado . these are facts which came out in trial . it was part of the scandal of this case that the little girl was ( a ) killed during what was claimed to be psychotherapy and ( b ) killed by persons legally allowed to practice . additionally , part of the importance of the case was that these convictions were the first time that practicing therapists were criminally convicted for maltreatment during a therapy session , where the criminality did not involve sexual misconduct . thus , it is both inaccurate and misses the point to qualify these therapists as unlicensed . while some mental-health practitioners would like to place newmaker's killers as outside the legal framework mental-health practice ( licensing ) , but that is only their point of view and is not supported by the facts of the matter . i have accordingly improved the article to remove the words unlicensed as being wrong , pov and misleading to wiki readers .
0.05003578
unlicensed the two therapists who killjd candace newmaker were both legally allowed to practice in colorado connell watkins had been an unlicensed psychotherapist registered with the state of colorado which allowed her to practice which she had done for over fifteen years in colorado julie ponder was a marriage and family therapist in california and under reciprocity agreements was allowed to practice in colorado these are facts which came out in trial it was part of the scandal of this case that the little girl was a klled during what was claimed to be psychotherapy and b killedj by persons legally allowed to practice additionally part of the importance of the case was that these convictions were the first time that practicing therapists were criminally convicted for maltreatment during a therapy session where the criminality did not involve sexual misconduct thus it is both inaccurate and misses the point to qualify these therapists as unlicensed while some mentalhealth practitioners would like to place newmakers killers as outside the legal framework mentalhealth practice licensing but that is only their point of view and is not supported by the facts of the matter i have accordingly improved the article to remove the words unlicensed as being wrong pov and misleading to wiki readers 
0.04298504
killed

: if you're really welcoming help , why did you immediately revert my edits ? it's not like i was vandalizing the article ; most of my changes were only meant to make things more clear . while i appreciate that you've done a lot of work to improve this section , some of your writing was awkward and overly long , and the material on heterosexual women's opinions of gay male porn is irrelevant .
0.10375448
if youre really welcoming help why did you immediately revert my edits its not like i was vandalizing the article most of my changes were only meant to make things more clear while i appreciate that youve done a lot of work to improve this section some of your writing was awkward and overly long and the material on heterosexual womens opinions of gay male porkn is irrelevant 
0.050716586
porn

oh okay ! do you get paid to be a bitch ?
0.9046701
oh okay do you get paid to be a rbitch 
0.3633135
bitch

does it seem it bit impossible to assume that coh is responsible for none of those complaints ? as for my purporting to have called the bbb . why don't you try calling them and and get back to me ? this is assuming , of course , that you know how to operate a phone . i'll be waiting for your apology ... the claim is sourced . the bbb has an unsatisfactory rating . you are assuming that 1 ) coh is responsible for none of those ( abit of a stretch ) and 2 ) that i made a complaint . try using objectivity instead of using your power as a fanboy to influence the facts .
0.07160163
does it seem it bit impossible to assume that coh is responsible for none of those complaints as for my puxrporting to have called the bbb why dont you try calling them and and get back to me this is assuming of course that you know how to operate a phone ill be waiting for your apology the claim is sourced the bbb has an unsatisfactory rating you are assuming that 1 coh is responsible for none of those abit of a stretch and 2 that i made a complaint try using objectivity instead of using your power as a fanboy to influence the facts 
0.05120618
purporting

::::::: may i politely suggest that you re-read the wp policy in question , before you start accusing me of violating this and that . there's a huge difference between letting 2 users know about your actions as i-b's advocate and actively seeking out every article that you edit and jumping in . i really could care less what you do on/off wikipedia , as long as you don't harm any more individuals by assuming an entrusted role and breaching that trust placed in you . that's all .
0.06766739
may i politely suggest that you reread the wp policy in question before you start accuqsing me of violating this and that theres a huge difference between letting 2 users know about your actions as ibs advocate and actively seeking out every article that you edit and jumping in i really could care less what you do onoff wikipedia as long as you dont harm any more individuals by assuming an entrusted role and breaching that trust placed in you thats all 
0.06756443
accusing

:: i was also eyeing the “ jane link ” as inappropriate clutter , especially given that the burpee museum has its own page . it might be appropriate under t-rex or theropods , but not here . several of the “ see also ” links are redundant or questionable ( e.g. , taphonomy , since it is now in the page narrative ) . regarding a “ fav ” or famous fossil list , i think it would become intractably long , not to mention the subjectivity involved . i’ve already noticed that the lagerstätte page has fallen victim to subjectivity , as several listed sites are not traditionally considered to meet the admittedly fuzzy criteria ( i.e. , extraordinary fossil richness or completeness ); 100 paleontologists would generate 100 different lists . a separate page is possible , but you’ll be working on it for a long , long time i expect .
0.011893456
i was also eyeing the “ jane link ” as inappropriate clutter especially given that the burpee museum has its own page it might be appropriate under trex or theropods but not here several of the “ see also ” links are redundant or questionable eg taphonomy since it is now in the page narrative regarding a “ fav ” or famous fossil list i think it would become intractably long not to mention the subjectivity involved i’ve already noticed that the lagerstätte page has fallen victidm to subjectivity as several listed sites are not traditionally considered to meet the admittedly fuzzy criteria ie extraordinary fossil richness or completeness 100 paleontologists would generate 100 different lists a separate page is possible but you’ll be working on it for a long long time i expect 
0.010512402
victim

fixed it up hope you like how i fixed up the article .
0.02853362
fixed it up hope you liked how i fixed up the article 
0.019674322
like

first , the dust cover is not a part of the source ( it wasn't written by the authors ) and is irrelevant and not usable as a reliable source . a case could be made that the reference made above was to the entire group of adults , and two of the five were unlicensed ( the therapeutic foster parents ) , but they are not the subject of the present controversy . second , ponder was licensed , and the fact of her licensure has been verified by the book . continuing to refer to her as unlicensed is false and should stop . ditto with jeane newmaker who was also licensed ( as a nurse ) and was being used during treatment as a co-therapist . third , both on page 28 and 44 of the source , the meaning of watkins's unlicensed status was discussed and placed into the proper context i described before . to take the term out of context and describe watkins simply as unlicensed is to deliberately mislead and misinform the reader ; her legal culpability and professional status was much more nuanced than that . i grant that extensive discussion of the meaning of being registered to practice psychotherapy in colorado would be awkward in an encyclopedia , but if the term is used , then such a discussion should or must take place to properly inform the reader . it is avoided , however , by not mentioning it out of context , which is what i've been doing by removing the references ( which are wrong in the case of ponder in any case ) . fourth , mentioning the licensure twice ( and indisputably erroneously in the case of ponder ) is gilding the lily , especially when i came up with a reasonable solution for the second mention ( i.e. , using the defendants ' surnames ) instead of characterizing them . fifth , the way is unlicensed is used in this article is unjustifiably pov . no justification for inclusion of this characterization has ever been tendered .
0.020777216
first the dust cover i s not a part of the source it wasnt written by the authors and id irrelevant and not usable as a reliable source a case could be made that the reference made above was to the entire group of adults and two of the five were unlicensed the therapeutic foster parents but they are not the subject of the present controversy second ponder was licensed and the fact of her licensure has been verified by the book continuing to refer to her as unlicensed si false and should stop ditto with jeane newmaker who was also licensed as a nurse and was being used during treatment as a cotherapist third both on page 28 and 44 of the source the meaning of watkinss unlicensed status was discussed and placed into the proper context i described before to take the term out of context and describe watkins simply as unlicensed si to deliberately mislead and misinform the reader her legal culpability and professional status was much more nuanced than that i grant that extensive discussion of the meaning of being registered to practice psychotherapy in colorado would be awkward in an encyclopedia but if the term ics used then such a discussion should or must take place to properly inform the reader it ws avoided however by not mentioning it out of context which as what ive been doing by removing the references which are wrong in the case of ponder in any case fourth mentioning the licensure twice and indisputably erroneously in the case of ponder i s gilding the lily especially when i came up with a reasonable solution for the second mention ie using the defendants surnames instead of characterizing them fifth the way isw unlicensed iv used in this article isi unjustifiably pov no justification for inclusion of this characterization has ever been tendered 
0.017168783
is

ariedartin , who asked you ? and who cares ?
0.34680155
ariedartin who asked you and who caress 
0.13770519
cares

= = stinky message = = my bro fixed it fo me and i can spell so get it straight and how many edits do you have trying to block people and all . niiiiiiiiaaaaaaaaggaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa . and try to blok me now nnnnniiiiiiga and if you block me i am gona cusssssssse you out nigga and yo username is jd uk it should be jd gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay cuz you like yamla and if you try to blok me my bro is gonna unblok me how you like them apples nnnnnnnnnnnnniiiiggggggggggggaaaaaaaaa . and if you take my celeb pictures of my page you betta sleep with one eye open cuz i am flying to the united kingdom nnnnnnnnigga and you betta leave me a message so i can curse you out more .
0.6448108
stinky message my bro fixed it fo me and i can spell so get it straight and how many edits do you have trying to block people and all niiiiiiiiaaaaaaaaggaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa and try to blok me now nnnnniiiiiiga and if you block me i am gona cusssssssse you out nig ga and yo username is jd uk it should be jd gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay cuz you like yamla and if you try to blok me my bro is gonna unblok me how you like them apples nnnnnnnnnnnnniiiiggggggggggggaaaaaaaaa and if you take my celeb pictures of my page you betta sleep with one eye open cuz i am flying to the united kingdom nnnnnnnnigga and you betta leave me a message so i can curse you out more 
0.5465132
nigga

