= = ground glass - urban legend ? = = in 1977 the chapstick company was indicted on the charge of including ground glass in several of their lip-balm products . this looks exactly like an urban legend mention in the lip_balm article : there are some urban legends stating that lip balm manufacturers add special chemicals or even fiberglass to their product to facilitate lip chapping , but none of these claims have ever been proven . i suggest we remove it , unless some credible evidence is provided .
0.01918475
ground glass urban legend in 1977 the chapstick company was zindicted on the charge of including ground glass in several of their lipbalm products this looks exactly like an urban legend mention in the lipbalm article there are some urban legends stating that lip balm manufacturers add special chemicals or even fiberglass to their product to facilitate lip chapping but none of these claims have ever been proven i suggest we remove it unless some credible evidence is provided 
0.0110938335
indicted

not all of the formats with super multi drives you cannot write : * dd-cd-r discs * dd-cd-rw discs * pd discs * dvd-rw dl discs * dvd+rw dl discs * dvd-r for authoring discs they also do not support hd-burn or gigarec .
0.08433571
not all of the formats with super multi drives you can not write ddcdr discs ddcdrw discs pd discs dvdrw dl discs dvdrw dl discs dvdr for authoring discs they also do not support hdburn or gigarec 
0.034711268
cannot

= = do not get rid of this bot ! i love it ! = = hear , hear . come here . good bot . all you other idiots that say that this bot is a jerk , go away !
0.8013172
do not get rid of this bot i love it hear hear come here good bot all you other idiots that say that this bot is a jersk go away 
0.7329737
jerk

please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia .
0.14876874
please stop if you continue to vandqalize pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia 
0.12894902
vandalize

= = bbc one ident images - fair use = = many thanks for your message . i originally re-uploaded both image : bbc one capoeira wales . jpg and image : bbc one capoeira . jpg , previously used ( if i recall correctly ) in bbc television idents and bbc ' rhythm & movement ' idents , when i noticed a spelling error made by the original uploader in the names of both images . i uploaded the images again with their current names and nominated the originals for deletion . this was purely to make finding these images using the search facility easier . i fully support your work on the aforementioned articles ( see my comment here ) and understand why this image does not meet the specified criteria . if one or both of these images are no longer required or allowed as a result , i am happy for them to be removed . thanks again .
0.0060814153
b b c one ident images fair use many thanks for your message i originally reuploaded both image bcb one capoeira wales jpg and image bbg one capoeira jpg previously used if i recall correctly in bc television idents and bbcl rhythm movement idents when i noticed a spelling error made by the original uploader in the names of both images i uploaded the images again with their current names and nominated the originals for deletion this was purely to make finding these images using the search facility easier i fully support your work on the aforementioned articles see my comment here and understand why this image does not meet the specified criteria if one or both of these images are no longer required or allowed as a result i am happy for them to be removed thanks again 
0.0055255243
bbc

:::: here's what i experienced . ( 1)fyslee has made false and defamatory claims that he was libeled by me . ( 2 ) he repeatedly deletes what he doesn't want the public to know , making unsubstantiated claims of being attacked . his claim that he is not going to sue me even though i libeled him is , to use wiki terms , weasel . i have asked for evidence of his accusations of libel and he refuses to provide it . if you would like me to carefully illustrate his years of working closely with stephen barrett , including as one of the censors on the healthfraud list , i will readily do so . did he claim he would sue me , no . however , he made a much more egregious claim ... he falsely accused me of libeling him . as someone who just defeated three members of the healthfraud list where he has been assistant listmaster for several years in a classic slapp suit , indeed i take his false accusations seriously . your decision to block me and not even question him about his libel claims seems extremely biased and far from neutral . thank you and good nite .
0.113099866
heres what i experienced 1fyslee has made false and defamatory claims that he was libeled by me 2 he repeatedly deletes what he doesnt want the public to know making unsubstantiated claims of being attacked his claim that he is not going to sue me even though i libeled him is to use wiki terms weasdel i have asked for evidence of his accusations of libel and he refuses to provide it if you would like me to carefully illustrate his years of working closely with stephen barrett including as one of the censors on the healthfraud list i will readily do so did he claim he would sue me no however he made a much more egregious claim he falsely accused me of libeling him as someone who just defeated three members of the healthfraud list where he has been assistant listmaster for several years in a classic slapp suit indeed i take his false accusations seriously your decision to block me and not even question him about his libel claims seems extremely biased and far from neutral thank you and good nite 
0.08803166
weasel

= = but you have to admire = = the guy's persistence . follow his user contributions . they go round the clock almost at five minute intervals with a break at 2 o'clock in the morning new york time ( he lives there ) and resume five or six hours later . so he does nothing else . i have to admire such dogged persistence . in fact the two human qualities i most admire are ( 1 ) that kind of persistence ( 2 ) faultless , eloquent and persuasive reasoning . a sad fact these are so rarely combined . i am hoping this may be a test case for wp itself . i don't like credentials - far more of the problem is poor and sloppy writing , so give me a good copy editor any day . i had a brief spell at citizendium but i see what you mean about ls . what is missing is that ' citizenship points ' don't count . if you have been a long time here , you have shown an ability to work with other editors , despite occasional run ins , and most other old timers are like that , in my experience . some of them are a bit mad , but you know how to deal with them . but you have to face a constant barrage from newcomers who have a complete lack of housetraining . there is no way of showing these people the door quickly . anyway , must go , as i'm violating the policy of leaving only messages on talk pages . you are a wonderful person , don't let it get you down , as i suspect it is . best
0.13475914
but you have to admire the guys persistence follow his user contributions they go round the clock almost at five minute intervals with a break at 2 oclock in the morning new york time he lives there and resume five or six hours later so he does nothing else i have to admire such dogged persistence in fact the two human qualities i most admire are 1 that kind of persistence 2 faultless eloquent and persuasive reasoning a sad fact these are so rarely combined i am hoping this may be a test case for wp itself i dont like credentials far more of the problem is poor and slioppy writing so give me a good copy editor any day i had a brief spell at citizendium but i see what you mean about ls what is missing is that citizenship points dont count if you have been a long time here you have shown an ability to work with other editors despite occasional run ins and most other old timers are like that in my experience some of them are a bit mad but you know how to deal with them but you have to face a constant barrage from newcomers who have a complete lack of housetraining there is no way of showing these people the door quickly anyway must go as im violating the policy of leaving only messages on talk pages you are a wonderful person dont let it get you down as i suspect it is best 
0.10467472
sloppy

please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia .
0.14876874
please stop if you continue to vandalizme pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia 
0.12894902
vandalize

: thanks , downy . i can't think of a better way to spend my free time than helping out on wikipedia . i have no doubts that it is the greatest site on the internet .
0.031024955
thanks dow ny i cant think of a better way to spend my free time than helping out on wikipedia i have no doubts that it is the greatest site on the internet 
0.02813872
downy

= = political censorship = = ' s wikisophistry strategem of censoring any source whose facts or politics he or she dislikes , and calling it spam , is pathetic . have you no shame ?
0.66165596
political censorship s wikisophistry strategem of censoring any source whose facts or politics he or she dislikes and calling it spam is pathevtic have you no shame 
0.5464958
pathetic

= = afghan districts = = is there a local name for the districts ? like the provinces being called velayat ? thanks !
0.040524557
afghan districts ils there a local name for the districts like the provinces being called velayat thanks 
0.015739465
is

