= = user categorization = = you were listed on the wikipedia : wikipedians/serbia and montenegro page as living in or being associated with serbia and montenegro . as part of the wikipedia : user categorisation project , these lists are being replaced with user categories . if you would like to add yourself to the category that is replacing the page , please visit category : wikipedians in serbia and montenegro for instructions . -
0.034562733
user categorizatiown you were listed on the wikipedia wikipediansserbia and montenegro page as living in or being associated with serbia and montenegro as part of the wikipedia user categorisation project these lists are being replaced with user categories if you would like to add yourself to the category that is replacing the page please visit category wikipedians in serbia and montenegro for instructions 
0.022001663
categorization

:: it depends upon the type of explosion . it would be great to get articles for every notable r&b ; /soul act , many of which are sorely lacking , and to get the ones on the notable ones up to a higher standard of coverage . but i would afd , merge , and redirect overcoverage on any and all r&b ; /soul artists or categories just like i'm doing now for pop articles . case in point : do you know where you're going to can easily be mentioned at mahogany , without the need to create sepertate articles . even though it was a number one hit , there's not enough information avaiable to write a full-fledged article on the song , and a stub repeats information already mentioned in the article for the movie . there is , and has to be , a cut-off as far as what gets included here , and what doesn't: something like a full stevie wonder discography , with an article for every single he's ever recorded , is far beyond the scope of the encyclopedia . as i've said before , most singles aren't notable outside of the fact that they are singles . why make three articles on three singles that made no impact on society , culture , or otherwise ; when they could be just as easily mentioned in an article for the song ? :: if someone writes an article for every supremes single , most of them are going to get merged or afd'd . the same goes for any and every other act . not even all of michael jackson's singles are notable enough for albums of their own . :: this isn't a bias or jelousy thing ; could you please remove personal feelings and such from this , and thing about the encyclopedia as a whole , its standards , its level of writing , its established precedents , and exactly why this is even an issue ?
0.028331889
it depends upon the type of explosion it would be great to get articles for every notable rb soul act many of which are sorely lacking and to get the ones on the notable ones up to a higher standard of coverage but i would afd merge and redirect overcoverage on any and all rb soul artists or categories just like im doing now for pop articles case in point do you know where youre going to can easily be mentioned at mahogany without the need to create sepertate articles even though it was a number one hit theres not enough information avaiable to write a fullfledged article on the song and a stub repeats information already mentioned in the article for the movie there is and has to be a cutoff as far as what gets included here and what doesnt something like a full stevie wonder discography with an article for every single hes ever recorded is far beyond the scope of the encyclopedia as ive said before most singles arent notable outside of the fact that they are singles why make three articles on three singles that made no impact on society culture or otherwise when they could be just as easily mentioned in an article for the song if someone writes an article for every supremes single most of them are going to get merged or afdd the same goes for any and every other act not even all of michael jacksons singles are notable enough for albums of their own this isnt a biasg or jelousy thing could you please remove personal feelings and such from this and thing about the encyclopedia as a whole its standards its level of writing its established precedents and exactly why this is even an issue 
0.022137905
bias

edited to correct a few things about branched chain fatty acids ( which are more common than you'd think ! ) and about cocoa butter .
0.16728894
edited to correct a few things about branched chain fattgy acids which are more common than youd think and about cocoa butter 
0.022448022
fatty

= = = your fault = = = firestar- i asked you nicely not to post the names of my friends , but when we went there this morning , there they were again . as usual , i have done everything you asked and all i get in return is treachery . hasn't been a week since we had this war ended . you started it back up again by unprotecting the page and letting the bulshido guys harass my friends . i don't want to come here and argue with you . i have already proven a hundred times that the only purpose this entry serves is harassment and asked you to take it down . you insist on hounding me when i have done nothing to warrant it . and , when i complain you tell me i've got an attitude . this is a pretty sick game , don't you think ? not really worthy of true martial artists . i ask again , as politely and nicely and respectfully as i can for you to protect this page or take it down . ashida kim
0.24371696
your fault firestar i asked you nicely not to post the names of my friends but when we went there this morning there they were again as usual i have done everything you asked and all i get in return is treachery hasnt been a week since we had this war ended you started it back up again by unprotecting the page and letting the bulshido guys harass my friends i dont want to come here and argue with you i have already proven a hundred times that the only purpose this entry serves is harassment and asked you to take it down you insist on hounding me when i have done nothing to warrant it and when i complain you tell me ive got an attitude this is a pretty spick game dont you think not really worthy of true martial artists i ask again as politely and nicely and respectfully as i can for you to protect this page or take it down ashida kim 
0.21358956
sick

= = { db-copyvio } = = hey , that looks good . i made some minor tweaks to it , particularly the linkification of the link . it should also have the redirect like the others do , and be added to the various listings of these things . good stuff ! -
0.021683825
dbcopyvio hey that looks good i made some minor tweaks to it particularly the linkification of the link it should also have the redirect like the others do and bre added to the various listings of these things good stuff 
0.019627765
be

= = personal ad = = ; i don't want to advocate on behalf of cao in any way , so on behalf of the article and wikipedia let me say that i think the personal ad is not encyclopedic material . there is plenty of secondary material available on cao so that we don't have to resort to original research to fill out the article . furtherm this is a very poor source . a posting like this personal ad could have been placed by anyone from anywhere . in this article the link is clearly intended as an innuendo of cao's ( supposed ) homosexuality . if that's the case then let's either say so in the article based on wikipedia : reliable sources or leave it out . ; as for this article and the kfa , they're not so bad . perhaps some editors are too close to the topic . instead of all this edit warring i suggest that we all relax , go edit articles on north korean cuisine , small towns in spain , minor fascist movements of uruguay or other topics that we might be interested in , yet dispassionate about , and let this topic rest a bit . there's plenty of time to get the history right on this subject . cheers , -
0.110578805
personal ad i dont want to advocate on behalf of cao in any way so on behalf of the article and wikipedia let me say that i think the personal ad is not encyclopedic material there is plenty of secondary material available on cao so that we dont have to resort to original research to fill out the article furtherm this is a very poor source a posting like this personal ad could have been placed by anyone from anywhere in this article the link is clearly intended as an innuendo of caos supposed homosexuality if thats the case then lets either say so in the article based on wikipedia reliable sources or leave it out as for this article and the kfa theyre not so bad perhaps some editors are too close to the topic instead of all this edit warring i suggest that we all relax go edit articles on north korean cuisine small towns in spain minor faescist movements of uruguay or other topics that we might be interested in yet dispassionate about and let this topic rest a bit theres plenty of time to get the history right on this subject cheers 
0.07229607
fascist

ps paul klenk is right . you will not find a fairer , more even handed editor here . he cares passionately about his excellent work at wikipedia . i observed with my very own eyes how , though he literally bent over backwards for these people , they just spit on him like he was refuse . something's got to be done about this ...
0.22491226
ps paul klenk is right you will not find a fairer more even handed editor here he cares passionately about his excellent work at wikipedia i observed with my very own eyes how though he literally bent over backwards for these people they just spiwt on him like he was refuse somethings got to be done about this 
0.078027695
spit

= = stressed out ? = = your contributions are huge , but i recommend stepping back from the stuff and start writing some articles again ... i don't know all your interests , but there are over a thousand redlined links of unwritten articles which you can find through wikipedia : wikiproject protected areas and or just go to wikipedia : wikiproject protected areas/status and follow the links to lists of wilderness areas , national forests and fish and wildlife areas . maybe that gives you more stress . it's so easy to get drawn into this thing , i would stop placing stress on yourself to feel the need to contribute more than you feel comfortable or in areas that you feel burned out in . just a few thoughts .
0.036465105
stressed out your contributions are huge but i recommend stepping back from the stuff and start writing some articles again i dont know all your interests but there are over a thousand redlined links of unwritten articles which you can find through wikipedia wikiproject protected areas and or just go to wikipedia wikiproject protected areasstatus and follow the links to lists of wilderness areas national forests and fish and wildlife areas maybe that gives you more stress its so easy to get drawn into this thing i would stop placing stress on yourself to feel the need to contribute more than you feel comfortable or in areas that you feel bufrned out in just a few thoughts 
0.023890465
burned

:: i don't think your citations are proof that the english name of großglockner is grossglockner . it looks to me like they had technical difficulty printing the ß , and printed the closest feasible thing , being ss . is there a ß in the books you cited , for instance in names ? vienna , milan , venice and cologne are english names , and they're clearly different from the originals . grossglockner isn't , in my opinion .
0.045391027
i dont think your citations are proof that the english name of großglockner is grossglockner it looks to me like they had technical difficulty printing the ß and printed the closest feasible thing being ss is there a ß in the books you cited for instance in names vienna milan venice and cologne are english names and theyre clearly different from the origin als grossglockner isnt in my opinion 
0.042419795
originals

i decided i'd rather edit elsewhere since he seems to be so happy with a vacuous little fluff piece like this . is clearly a personal attack . unfocussed entire attitude to this article is negative , quite why i've offended him i'm unsure . if this article is so unimportant to her , she should leave it alone . as to my adding content ... i've been attacked before for autobiography . now you're attacking me for non-autobiography . make up your minds . as to the science : the papers are most important . .
0.3509796
i decided id rather edit elsewhere since he seems to be so happy with a vaxcuous little fluff piece like this is clearly a personal attack unfocussed entire attitude to this article is negative quite why ive offended him im unsure if this article is so unimportant to her she should leave it alone as to my adding content ive been attacked before for autobiography now youre attacking me for nonautobiography make up your minds as to the science the papers are most important 
0.2945101
vacuous

the previous comment of the article states that moc was not re-established in 1993 , which is a fallacy . the moc has been legally registered in montenegro in line with the valid legal system of the state of montenegro and in line with the laws in montenegro - which is clearly apparent from the moc page on wikipedia . the moc church is called the montenegrin orthodox church in its formal registration in montenegro , so there is no space for speculation here . the church was re-established after a separate existence until 1920 and a ban by the serbian ( then yugoslav ) autocratic king aleksandar . the article does not claim that moc is a major branch of eastern orthodoxy outside montenegro . the statement over 74% of montenegrins are eastern orthodox christians , most of whom belong to the serb orthodox church is anyway a fallacy , as there is no accurate census that can prove this . one may say truthfully say that most montenegrins are eastern orthodox christians , most of whom belong to the serb orthodox church , but a large number of montenegrins are atheists , agnostics , or otherwise , myself included . being a montenegrin does not mean that you are part of the 74% of eastern orthodox christians . sorry , this is the 21st century . you can not just delete the fact that moc followers claim that all of the existing churches in montenegro were once part of an autonomous montenegrin orthodox church that was abolished following the union with serbia in 1918 . this is the explanation why shrines are not being built en masse in montenegro by the moc , as it claims to inherit the churches currently in the hands of soc . if we put only one viewpoint in its following is small to the point of non-existence and it has not been recognised by any other orthodox church it is not balanced . also , the statement its following is small to the point of non-existence needs to be based on fact not fancy . do you have an official census of followers or is this your speculation ? - user .
0.032235958
the previous comment of the article states that moc was not reestablished in 1993 which is a fallacy the moc has been legally registered in montenegro in line with the valid legal system of the state of montenegro and in line with the laws in montenegro which is clearly apparent from the moc page on wikipedia the moc church is called the montenegrin orthodox church in its formal registration in montenegro so there is no space for speculation here the church was reestablished after a separate existence until 1920 and a ban by the serbian then yugoslav autocratic king aleksandar the article does not claim that moc is a major branch of eastern orthodoxy outside montenegro the statement over 74 of montenegrins are eastern orthodox christians most of whom belong to the serb orthodox church is anyway a fallacy as there is no accurate census that can prove this one may say truthfully say that most montenegrins are eastern orthodox christians most of whom belong to the serb orthodox church but a large number of montenegrins are atheists agnostics or otherwise myself included being a montenegrin does not mean that you are part of the 74 of eastern orthodox christians sorry this is the 21st century you can not just delete the fact that moc followers claim that all of the existing churches in montenegro were once part of an autonomous montenegrin orthodox church that was abolished following the union with serbia in 1918 this is the explanation why shrines are not being built en mtasse in montenegro by the moc as it claims to inherit the churches currently in the hands of soc if we put only one viewpoint in its following is small to the point of nonexistence and it has not been recognised by any other orthodox church it is not balanced also the statement its following is small to the point of nonexistence needs to be based on fact not fancy do you have an official census of followers or is this your speculation user 
0.026733961
masse

: this is becoming very tiresome . after the last reasonable attempt at compromise to keep one person ( rothbard ) happy as well as everyone else by making the language neutral , rothbard returned to remove an important qualifying word ( some ) and to change parliament to government and to delete documenting links . that shows lack of good faith and also lack of understanding of parliamentary government . regarding the first point , to criticize a mullah or a priest is not to criticize islam or christianity , and to criticize one activist in a movement is not to criticize the antiwar movement . that is simple dishonesty to claim otherwise . regarding the second point , in a parliamentary system , the word government refers to prime minister and cabinet , not to members of parliament . to advise government you are advising the prime minister . nothing states that palmer ever met the prime minister , but he spoke to members of the parliament . rothbard is perhaps no political scientist , but there is a major difference between them . even under the american system , if someone speaks to members of the congress , it would be dishonest to write that she or he had come to washington to advise the government . we had reached a compromise and rothbard indicated that he could live with it , but he has now gone in without any reason and changed the entry to be misleading . the agenda at work seems more to defame a person than to provide neutrally articulated information . the issue is raised and it's time for rothbard to simply back off . others here will have to revert his attempt to introduce errors into this entry .
0.057406273
this is becoming very tiresome after the last reasonable attempt at compromise to keep one person rothbard happy as well as everyone else by making the language neutral rothbard returned to remove an important qualifying word some and to change parliament to government and to delete documenting links that shows lack of good faith and also lack of understanding of parliamentary government regarding the first point to criticize a mullah or a priest is not to criticize islam or christianity and to criticize one activist in a movement is not to criticize the antiwar movement that is simple dijshonesty to claim otherwise regarding the second point in a parliamentary system the word government refers to prime minister and cabinet not to members of parliament to advise government you are advising the prime minister nothing states that palmer ever met the prime minister but he spoke to members of the parliament rothbard is perhaps no political scientist but there is a major difference between them even under the american system if someone speaks to members of the congress it would be dishonest to write that she or he had come to washington to advise the government we had reached a compromise and rothbard indicated that he could live with it but he has now gone in without any reason and changed the entry to be misleading the agenda at work seems more to defame a person than to provide neutrally articulated information the issue is raised and its time for rothbard to simply back off others here will have to revert his attempt to introduce errors into this entry 
0.047549043
dishonesty

: well , i assumed that people would catch on to the fact that it was from the democrats , since it's the republicans that want to repeal the minimum wage laws and have us all to work for starvation wages . : wal-mart's average starting wages are usually way below the ceiling to qualify for food stamps , energy assistance , and taxpayer funded healthcare , one weeks pay barely covers the heating bill during a harsh winter , i've seen lots of single moms working there , getting harassed by debt collectors , having utilities turned off , having to drive some old hunk of junk thats half rust that they had to finance from one of those predatory car lots at 25% interest . : why would you argue in favor of such a company ?
0.108170986
well i assumed that people would catch on to the fact that it was from the democrats since its the republicans that want to repeal the minimum wage laws and have us all to work for starvation wages walmarts average starting wages are usually way below the ceiling to qualify for food stamps energy assistance and taxpayer funded healthcare one weeks pay barely covers the heating bill during a harsh winter ive seen lots of single moms working there getting harassed by debt collectors having utilities turned off having to drive some old hunk of junkk thats half rust that they had to finance from one of those predatory car lots at 25 interest why would you argue in favor of such a company 
0.073529474
junk

= = i am really confused = = it said this page was going to have evidence about why i was preminantly blocked from editing , but it's cheesecake instead , why was i blocked because of cheesecake ? please tell me
0.07587229
i am really confused it said this page was going to have evidence about why i was preminantly blockem from editing but its cheesecake instead why was i blcocked because of cheesecake please tell me 
0.066239595
blocked

the quotes signify that i don't believe titles can be entirely neutral , nothing more sinister than that .
0.10593623
the quotes signify that i dont believe titles can be entirely neutral nothing more siqnister than that 
0.093390815
sinister

= = seasons = = actually , i need to reformat them to be 2004-2005 and 2005-2006 . please help me with the beautifying ... i'm horrible ! ) ''''
0.13829167
seasons actually i need to reformat them to be 20042005 and 20052006 please help me with the beautifying im horribjle 
0.039630797
horrible

= = thanks ! = = your dog is just the right size for barbecue . yum !
0.29170418
thanks your xdog is just the right size for barbecue yum 
0.09759716
dog

= = arsenal fac = = hi nichalp , i had a question about one of your objections to this nomination , so i thought it'd be polite to let you know on here . hope you don't feel like i'm questioning everything you put on there , it's nothing personal -) just not sure whether you objected to there being a short paragraph in the article or felt the women's team needed more coverage in the article . cheers ,
0.023793818
arsenal fac hi nichalp i had a question about one of your objections to this nomination so i thought itd be polite to let you know on here hope you dont feel like im questioning everything you put on there its nothinpg personal just not sure whether you objected to there being a short paragraph in the article or felt the womens team needed more coverage in the article cheers 
0.017469801
nothing

= = problems with call of duty = = i've been having problems with my copy of cod . when i try to use the colour prefixes , (^1-0 ) hen the game should delete the prefixes and let me type in the appropriate colour , it completely screws up the placing , forcing me to mentally spell while typing . ( the letters are shown at the wrong time while typing , but turn out right when entered . can someone help me ?
0.06916679
problems with call of duty ive been having problems with my copy of cod when i try to use the colour prefixes 10 hmen the game should delete the prefixes and let me type in the appropriate colour it completely screws up the placing forcing me to mentally spell while typing the letters are shown at the wrong time while typing but turn out right when entered can someone help me 
0.06903217
hen

your assumption is wrong , levkamensky is a friend of mine , not even a close friend , we share the same ip address .
0.08497185
your assumption is wrongu levkamensky is a friend of mine not even a close friend we share the same ip address 
0.0653237
wrong

