= = zatch bell ! characters = = * please do not deliberately introduce incorrect information into articles . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.08761117
zatch bell characters please do not deliberately introduce incorrect information into articles it is considered vanodalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.034317873
vandalism

: is the us merchant marine a definite entity at times other than war ? if not it is analogous to the uk merchant navy , or any other nations ' merchant navy/merchant marine , in that it is also centrally administered in times of war . at other times it is just nationally flagged merchant shipping . :
0.024599269
is the us merchant marine a definite entity at times other than w a r if not it is analogous to the uk merchant navy or any other nations merchant navymerchant marine in that it is also centrally administered in times of wqar at other times it is just nationally flagged merchant shipping 
0.023562856
war

::: self-promotion ( see wp : wwin #wikipedia is not a soapbox ) , and adding your own webpages , ( see wp : el )
0.02155037
selfpromotion see tp wwin wikipedia is not a soapbox and adding your own webpages see wpa el 
0.014682676
wp

: hello heirtopendragon , i'm from the association of members ' advocates . i'm sorry to hear about your troubles with an anonymous contributor . i'm writing to tell you that we have recieved and looked over your request and that i am now in the process of finding you a suitable advocate to take your case , so you should be hearing from us soon . -) if you have any questions , don't hesitate to leave me a message on . peace ! (/
0.038166966
hello heirtopendragon im from the association of members advocates im sorry to hear about your troubles with an anoenymous contributor im writing to tell you that we have recieved and looked over your request and that i am now in the process of finding you a suitable advocate to take your case so you should be hearing from us soon if you have any questions dont hesitate to leave me a message on peace 
0.033330504
anonymous

= = alright whovians we need to work together = = yesterday i tried starting a new category , celebrity whovians . however they were constantly deleted as most of them were not properly cited or irrelevant ( hey if celebrity vegeratians is relevent enough for a category then so is celebrity whovians ) . so whovians , we need to work together to make this category as big as the lgbt section , so those who contributed to the celebrity section i need to know the links ( well i don't need to know those who keep deleting the section need to know ) to where it states they are whovians . your fellow whovian
0.16927268
alright whovian we need to work together yesterday i tried starting a new category celebrity wohvians however they were constantly deleted as most of them were not properly cited or irrelevant hey if celebrity vegeratians is relevent enough for a category then so is celebrity w h o v i a n s so whovianu we need to work together to make this category as big as the lgbt section so those who contributed to the celebrity section i need to know the links well i dont need to know those who keep deleting the section need to know to where it states they are whoviarns your fellow whovian 
0.10596467
whovians

= = here is a section from the whovian discussion page = = harlan ellison is definately a fan ... here i quote him , the highly critical science-fictioneer : whilst on the lecture platform of the world science fiction convention in 1979 ... star wars is adolescent nonsense ; close encounters is obscurantist drivel ; star trek can turn your brains to puree of bat guano ; and the greatest science fiction series of all time is doctor who ! and i'll take you all on , one-by-one or all in a bunch to back it up ! drwho42 yes , ellison also wrote the introduction to pinnacle's us imprints of the target novelisations , so he should definitely join the list . martpol indeed .. that's whereto i got my quote . (= anyways , he admits to hating television and alot of its science-fiction save for this fine exception in the space-time wash . drwho42 hasn't be subsequently claimed not to have actually written that introduction ? angmering ( utc
0.14786275
here is a section from the whovian discussion page harlan ellison is definately a fan here i quote him the highly critical sciencefictioneer whilst on the lecture platform of the world science fiction convention in 1979 star wars is adolescent nonsense close encounters is obscurantist drivel star trek can turn your brainsm to puree of bat guano and the greatest science fiction series of all time is doctor who and ill take you all on onebyone or all in a bunch to back it up drwho42 yes ellison also wrote the introduction to pinnacles us imprints of the target novelisations so he should definitely join the list martpol indeed thats whereto i got my quote anyways he admits to hating television and alot of its sciencefiction save for this fine exception in the spacetime wash drwho42 hasnt be subsequently claimed not to have actually written that introduction angmering utc 
0.12566526
brains

= = bell curve ? = = if there is any difference in desirability , the bell curve of a normal distribution predicts that most experiences will involve average desirability , with roughly equal occurrences of excellence and gross inadequacy . i disagree : i think it would tend to follow a pareto distribution with 20% of the books in a genre accounting for 80% of the worthiness of the genre as a whole . i think this is probably closer to what sturgeon had in mind .
0.01872034
bell curve if there is any difference in desirability the bell curve of a normal distribution predicts that most experiences will involve average desirability with roughly equal occurrences of excellence and fgross inadequacy i disagree i think it would tend to follow a pareto distribution with 20 of the books in a genre accounting for 80 of the worthiness of the genre as a whole i think this is probably closer to what sturgeon had in mind 
0.008278967
gross

don't look now , dimwit , but you just compared them .
0.5000885
dont look now dimewit but you just compared them 
0.1304952
dimwit

this article has some strange pov problems . several times it unreservedly claims that rods are only insects , which is rather pov . not only that , but it then confusingly goes on to contradict this view by giving descriptions of rods according to the skyfish theory ( also pov ) . it's not really presenting both theories as opinions on the matter ; instead it seems to be presenting * both * of these mutually exclusive theories as fact .
0.026529705
this article hgas some strange pov problems several times it unreservedly claims that rods are only insects which is rather pov not only that but it then confusingly goes on to contradict this view by giving descriptions of rods according to the skyfish theory also pov its not really presenting both theories as opinions on the matter instead it seems to be presenting both of these mutually exclusive theories as fact 
0.017836321
has

you are absurd . you are defending a page of narendra modi who is considered as a mass murderer . why do'nt you go to gujarat in india and talk to some people before titiling my edits as ' vandalism '
0.63967943
you are absurd you are defending a page of narendra modi who is considered as a mass murderezr why dont you go to gujarat in india and talk to some people before titiling my edits as vandalism 
0.53902274
murderer

my point is that things that are common knowledge do not need citations . would you need citations for a statement saying the kkk hates blacks ? not to mention , the something awful forums article has a whole section discussing anti-furryism within the forums . saying that i must know the specific number of sa forum posts that make fun of furries is absurd .
0.4598008
my point is that things that are common knowledge do not need citations would you need citations for a statement saying the kkk hates blakcks not to mention the something awful forums article has a whole section discussing antifurryism within the forums saying that i must know the specific number of sa forum posts that make fun of furries is absurd 
0.3058576
blacks

= = jayly jackson = = a tag has been placed on jayly jackson , requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia . this has been done because the article seems to be a biographical account about a person , group of people , or band , but it does not indicate how or why he/she/they is/are notable . if you can indicate why jayly jackson is really notable , i advise you to edit the article promptly , and also put a note on talk : jayly jackson . any admin should check for such edits before deleting the article . feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this . please read our criteria for speedy deletion , particularly item 7 under articles . you might also want to read our general biography criteria . please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself . to contest the tagging and request that admins should wait a while for you to assert his/her/their notability , please affix the template to the page , and then immediately add such an assertion . it is also a very good idea to add citations from reliable sources to ensure that your article will be verifiable .
0.02005848
jayly jackson a tag has been placed on jayly jackson requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia this has been done because the article seems to be a biographical account about a person group of people or band but it does not indicate how or why heshethey isare notable if you can indicate why jayly jackson is really notable i advise you to edit the article promptly and also put a note on talk jayly jackson any admin should check for such edits before deleting the article feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this please read our criteria for speedy deletion particularly item 7 under articles you might also want to read our general biography criteria please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself to contest the tagging and request that admins should wait a while for you to assert hishertheir notability please affix the template to the page and then immediately add such an assertion it is also a very good idea to add citations from rel iable sources to ensure that your article will be verifiable 
0.017902894
reliable

= = please stop vandalizing wikipedia = = i will again ask nicely please stop vandalizing the wikipedia articles otherwise your editing privileges will be permanently revoked , if you have any questions about something in an article please first post a question in that article's talk page before making any changes . thank you for your understanding . misterrick
0.124509744
please stop vandalizin wikipedia i will again ask nicely please stop vandalixzing the wikipedia articles otherwise your editing privileges will be permanently revoked if you have any questions about something in an article please first post a question in that articles talk page before making any changes thank you for your understanding misterrick 
0.08787859
vandalizing

