= = i knew it = = remember that future channel article i wrote ?? a new channel is finnaly here !
0.09810007
i knew it remember that future channel article i wrote a new channel irs finnaly here 
0.033257365
is

= = i'm sorry you can't be mature . = = if you can't justify your reversion of my edits , kindly shut up . i can explain my edit . can you explain your histrionics ?
0.4485827
im sorry you cant be mature if you cant justify your reversion of my edits kindly shfut up i can explain my edit can you explain your histrionics 
0.302273
shut

:: i used to be a football ( soccer ) referee ! watch any top-class football match in england , and you will see at least two incidents where groups of players converge on the official and abuse him . i got quite used to that . the trick is to develop a way of handling it which allows you to smile at their ignorance , and step back from the ' heat ' . :: if a house is on fire , do you go into the middle of it ? how's that for philosophy ? -) :: like i say , as long as your own behaviour is impeccable ( faultless ) , your tormentors ' ignorance will be found out by the people that matter . you can still choose friends within wikipedia - you just have to recognise who the true ones are . :: ip range : a single ip address comprises of a series of four numbers spaced by dots to form an internet protocol , which looks like this - 240.83.17.116 for example . a complete ip range for the above would be - 240.83.0.0 to 240.83.255.255 for example . when a wikipedia ban is applied , any user who tries to edit from a computer in the isps range above would find it impossible to open an edit , although they could still look at wikipedia . :: good luck .
0.10535407
i used to be a football soccer referee watch any topclass football match in england and you will see at least two incidents where groups of players converge on the official and abuse him i got quite used to that the trick is to develop a way of handling it which allows you to smile at their ignorane and step back from the heat if a house is on fire do you go into the middle of it hows that for philosophy like i say as long as your own behaviour is impeccable faultless your tormentors ignoqrance will be found out by the people that matter you can still choose friends within wikipedia you just have to recognise who the true ones are ip range a single ip address comprises of a series of four numbers spaced by dots to form an internet protocol which looks like this 2408317116 for example a complete ip range for the above would be 2408300 to 24083255255 for example when a wikipedia ban is applied any user who tries to edit from a computer in the isps range above would find it impossible to open an edit although they could still look at wikipedia good luck 
0.07998677
ignorance

= = fair use rationale for image : loleatta holloway . jpg = = {| align = center style = background-color : white ; border : 8px solid red ; padding : 5px ; text-align : center ; font-size : larger ; | |this file may be deleted . |} thanks for uploading image : loleatta holloway . jpg . i notice the ' image ' page specifies that the image is being used under fair use but there is no explanation or rationale as to why its use in wikipedia articles constitutes fair use . when you use a generic fair use tag such as {{ fair use }} or {{ fair use in|article name }} , you must also write out on the image description page a specific explanation or rationale for why using this image in each article is consistent with fair use . please go to the image description page and edit it to include a fair use rationale . if you have uploaded other fair use media , consider checking that you have specified the fair use rationale on those pages too . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any fair use images lacking such an explanation will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page . thank you .
0.009135871
fair use rationale for image loleatta holloway jpg align center style backgroundcolor white border 8px solid red padding 5px textalign center fontsize larger this file may be deleted thanks for uploading image loleatta holloway jpg i notice the image page specifies that the image is being used under fair use but there is no explanation or rationale as to why its use in wikipedia articles constitutes fair use when you use a generic fair use tag such as fair use or fair use inarticle name you must also write out on the image description page a specific explanation or rationale for why using this image in each article is consistent with fair use please go to the image description page and edit it to include a fair use rationale if you have uploaded other fair use media consider checking that you have specified the fair use rationale on those pages too you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any fair use images lachking such an explanation will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page thank you 
0.0073623126
lacking

your repeated efforts to vandalize articles makes it seem that you are unaware that wikipedia is a serious project . you have been reported to the administration group for continuing vandalism and an administrator will review your contributions shortly . you may not receive another warning before being blocked , so be careful and be serious from now on . if you are blocked , please reconsider your behavior once the block expires .
0.1114485
your repeated efforts to vandalize articles makes it seem that you are unaware that wikipedia igs a serious project you have been reported to the administration group for continuing vandalism and an administrator will review your contributions shortly you may not receive another warning before being blocked so be careful and be serious from now on if you are blocked please reconsider your behavior once the block expires 
0.101188414
is

= = by the way = = this is a university computer .. so go ahead and block it cock sucker . i'll just use my home computer to let the world know what a stupid asshole you are . fuck offff dickbag .
0.98286057
by the way this is a university computer so go ahead and block it cock sucker ill just use my home computer to let the world know what a stupid asshole you are fugck offff dickbag 
0.9739041
fuck

oooo scary ! this is a university computer . block it . do it . do it . i dont give a f- !
0.555798
oooo scary this is a university computer blocsk it do it do it i dont give a f 
0.25411987
block

= = are you a moderator ? = = if you aren't a moderator you have absolutely no right to , as you put it , ' recommend ' my indefinite blocking , who the hell do you think you are ? do you own wikipedia , no , well then please keep your nose out of my comments . have a nice day .
0.45455575
are you a moderator if you arent a moderator you have absolutely no right to as you put it recommend my indefinite blocking who the hezll do you think you are do you own wikipedia no well then please keep your nose out of my comments have a nice day 
0.3091759
hell

well sorry buddy but stay out of it . you're not needed .
0.108240865
well sorry buddy but gstay out of it youre not needed 
0.07372137
stay

