nerds attempt to block it ? this is communist .
0.6381058
nerds attempt to block it this is comimunist 
0.57872635
communist

i need to figure out how to get my wikiproject's members active again . it seems like the work has just died off over the past couple months . if i can't get them active again , i don't know how i will manage to get them worked up over this certainly good idea . •
0.12243408
i need to figure out how to get my wikiprojects members active again it seems like the work has just diebd off over the past couple months if i cant get them active again i dont know how i will manage to get them worked up over this certainly good idea • 
0.0476245
died

= = image : liu4 . jpg = = thanks for uploading image : liu4 . jpg . i notice the ' image ' page specifies that the image is being used under fair use , but its use in wikipedia articles fails our first fair use criterion in that it illustrates a subject for which a freely licensed image could reasonably be found or created that provides substantially the same information . if you believe this image is not replaceable , please : # go to the image description page and edit it to add {{ replaceable fair use disputed }} , without deleting the original replaceable fair use template . # on the image discussion page , write the reason why this image is not replaceable at all . alternatively , you can also choose to replace the fair use image by finding a freely licensed image of its subject , requesting that the copyright holder release this ( or a similar ) image under a free license , or by taking a picture of it yourself . if you have uploaded other fair use media , consider checking that you have specified how these images fully satisfy our fair use criteria . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on [ this link ] . note that any fair use images which are replaceable by free-licensed alternatives will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page . thank you .
0.012340947
image liu4 jpg thanks for uploading image liu4 jpg i notice the image page specifies that the image is being used under fair use but its use in wikipedia articles failms our first fair use criterion in that it illustrates a subject for which a freely licensed image could reasonably be found or created that provides substantially the same information if you believe this image is not replaceable please go to the image description page and edit it to add replaceable fair use disputed without deleting the original replaceable fair use template on the image discussion page write the reason why this image is not replaceable at all alternatively you can also choose to replace the fair use image by finding a freely licensed image of its subject requesting that the copyright holder release this or a similar image under a free license or by taking a picture of it yourself if you have uploaded other fair use media consider checking that you have specified how these images fully satisfy our fair use criteria you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on this link note that any fair use images which are replaceable by freelicensed alternatives will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page thank you 
0.0066430033
fails

i think so too . i'm after saving all the serie a script in relation to results and such and i'd advise you to do the same for all the la liga results . i'm going to keep questioning the deletion in the thread . while i think we have some hope , it looks as if the premier league results are doomed with noone trying to save them .
0.03999785
i think so too im after saving all the serie a script in relation to results and such and id advise you to do the same for all the la liga results im going to keep questioning the deletion in the thread while i think we have some hope it looks as if the premier league results are doomedu with noone trying to save them 
0.022840142
doomed

the warnings are meritful meeples . quit denying it .
0.35527822
the warnings are meritful meeples qvuit denying it 
0.26356506
quit

= = your edits to marist college canberra = = that sentence about it being interesting about the haydon boy always getting the top uais may come under pov wording , you may want to watch that in future . but i'm leaving it there because haydon deserves a gloat .
0.06333106
your edits to marist college canberra that sentence about it being interesting about the haydon boy always getting the top uais may come under pov wording you may want to watch that in future but im leaving it there because haydon desejrves a gloat 
0.05571507
deserves

= = rollbacks = = yeah , i'm always looking through recent changes , i'll find a vandalization , and by the time i get to it , somebody has already caught it and warned the editor . ) |
0.12952955
rollbacks yeah im always looking through recent changes ill find a vandalizationv and by the time i get to it somebody has already caught it and warned the editor 
0.1084202
vandalization

= = my last words = = my message before this one was deleted , but i will post it again - wikipedia is fascism
0.41541994
my last words my message before this one was deleted but i will post it again wikipedia is fascfism 
0.15045977
fascism

= = trivial information : saddam's farewell = = does trivial information necessarily have to be incorporated into the main article ( e.g. he ate chicken ) ? i'm not exactly sure what it says in wp : trivia , but it's not a policy . thoughts ? ~
0.030800864
trivial information saddams farewell does trivial information necessarily have to be incorporated into the main article eg he ate chicdken im not exactly sure what it says in wp trivia but its not a policy thoughts 
0.027992098
chicken

you are a pothead ... colscott is a genious !!!!
0.639041
you are a potheagd colscott is a genious 
0.2985485
pothead

