pete sucks peters , you worthless piece of shit ndp attack queer , either take all your medication or non of it , asshole
0.9669436
pete sucks peters you worthless piece of shdit ndp attack queer either take all your medication or non of it asshole 
0.9520596
shit

:::: the internet is serious business . i'm busy at the moment i will re-read at a later time .
0.047031567
the internet ics serious business im busy at the moment i will reread at a later time 
0.04035264
is

its good that this man is dead . let it be clear to everyone that whoever insults turkey insults the deep rooted nationalism of turks . so he went to far , and faced the consequences . i say we have 1 problem less now .
0.3490317
its good that this man is dead let it be clear to everyone that whoever insultqs turkey rinsults the deep rooted nationalism of turks so he went to far and faced the consequences i say we have 1 problem less now 
0.28257596
insults

= = porn email = = i was wondering why you sent me all that porn via email . i dont appriciate that kind of behavior and it has been reported to your isp ( which is dfw . fios-verizon by the way ) . i found that material insane and offensive and would appriciate it if you never send me that material again . thank you goodbye . : i have never sent anyone such e-mail , and so i feel offended by your accusation . i have checked my sent e-mail and have found no such e-mail . also , i do not know your e-mail address and i find it suspicious that your first edit is to my talk page . please reply here . thanks . § please do not remove relevent discussions from your talk page . i have proof of the emails and have forwarded them to an administrator . also i found it funny as well that the second i make my account and confirm my email , i get some emails from you containing porn . i live an an area where viewing that kind of material can get your internet service ended . what i am curious about is why is it that you decided to do something like this in the first place . please reply back on your talk page . thank you .
0.20085892
pomrn email i was wondering why you sent me all that oprn via email i dont appriciate that kind of behavior and it has been reported to your isp which is dfw fiosverizon by the way i found that material insane and offensive and would appriciate it if you never send me that material again thank you goodbye i have never sent anyone such email and so i feel offended by your accusation i have checked my sent email and have found no such email also i do not know your email address and i find it suspicious that your first edit is to my talk page please reply here thanks § please do not remove relevent discussions from your talk page i have proof of the emails and have forwarded them to an administrator also i found it funny as well that the second i make my account and confirm my email i get some emails from you containing powrn i live an an area where viewing that kind of material can get your internet service ended what i am curious about is why is it that you decided to do something like this in the first place please reply back on your talk page thank you 
0.10476474
porn

why are the articles about typical behaviour and how it is caused being deleted ? give me a reason ?
0.14299873
why are the articles about utypical behaviour and how it is caused being deleted give me a reason 
0.09083835
typical

