can we get a picture ? are we talking about the same julian ?
0.038016684
can we geet a picture are we talking about the same julian 
0.030905452
get

again , i feel you are not qualified to edit wikipedia , just look at your spelling , not as lomng as you are vandalizing the page with adding nonsense . copnsider to add some real stuff if english is a forign language to you excuse me , although you could try using a wikipedia site for different languages . i am sorry to say but i will have to repost yet again .
0.21792577
again i feel you are not qualified to edit wikipedia just look at your spelling not as lomng as you are vandalizing the page with adding nonseanse copnsider to add some real stuff if english is a forign language to you excuse me although you could try using a wikipedia site for different languages i am sorry to say but i will have to repost yet again 
0.17058259
nonsense

: i will not withdraw it . it is not a personal attack ; it is an impersonal attack directed at users who try to defeat wikipedia's consensus-based decision-making process . if it offends you , i ask that you seriously reconsider editing wikipedia . —
0.14691348
i will not withdraw it it is not a personal attac it is an impersonal attactk directed at users who try to defeat wikipedias consensusbased decisionmaking process if it offends you i ask that you seriously reconsider editing wikipedia — 
0.14564423
attack

yes sir , mr twat . /
0.23547578
yes sir mr twoat 
0.04110897
twat

= = requested move = = assyrian people → arameans , assyrians , chaldeans and syriacs … rationale : although these four groups overlap and share the majority of their culture of language with each other , many do not like the term assyrian and find it too politicized . i am requesting the move to a more neutral title . — = = = survey = = = : add * support or * oppose followed by an optional one-sentence explanation , then sign your opinion with ~~~~ . unsigned opinions will be struck out , and each individual is expected to contribute under only one username ( no sockpuppets ) . * support — as proposed , and formerly discussed . — = = = discussion = = = : add any additional comments
0.029537069
requested move assyrian people → arameans assyrians chaldeans and syriacs … rationale although these four groups overlap and share the majority of their culture of language with each other many do not like the term assyrian and find it too politicized i am requesting the move to a more neutral title — survey add support or oppose followed by an optional onesentence explanation then sign your opinion with unsigned opinions will be struck out and each individual is expected to contribute under only one username no sockpupfpets support — as proposed and formerly discussed — discussion add any additional comments 
0.0082100155
sockpuppets

= = clarification = = posted from : hi izak , thanks for that neat move of nachlas tzvi . only two issues - one fairly significant . 1 . if you want to be pedantic , he actually went by the english name of herman gross . meshulam tzvi was his hebrew name and used in his seforim . 2 . technically speaking and according to the information availible to me , he was not a rabbi . apparently ( or so i've been told ) , he was offered semicha many times and was certainly able , but never accepted it . therefore , i deliberately refrained from placing him in any rabbi category , let alone the haredi category . off the point since he wasnt a rabbi , i object to terming him haredi as the boundaries in his age were fluid and the word wasnt even used . indeed , by todays standards he may not have been haredi ( whatever that irksome term means ) . many thanks ,
0.059279453
clarification posted from hi izak thanks for that neat move of nachlas tzvi only two issues one fairly significant 1 if you want to be pedanti c he actually went by the english name of herman gross meshulam tzvi was his hebrew name and used in his seforim 2 technically speaking and according to the information availible to me he was not a rabbi apparently or so ive been told he was offered semicha many times and was certainly able but never accepted it therefore i deliberately refrained from placing him in any rabbi category let alone the haredi category off the point since he wasnt a rabbi i object to terming him haredi as the boundaries in his age were fluid and the word wasnt even used indeed by todays standards he may not have been haredi whatever that irksome term means many thanks 
0.034828562
pedantic

= = thank you = = hi jay : thank you for your prompt response to my request for help with sorting out the recent archiving mess at wikiproject judaism . it is greatly appreciated !
0.021837208
thank you hi jay thank you for your prompt response to my request for help with sorting out the recent archiving messs at wikiproject judaism it is greatly appreciated 
0.0070944736
mess

:: so , whenever will cquest have been barred from controversy ..? he keeps reverting after three people already , inserting personal value judgments , and deleting sources . this behavior is unacceptable , yet it has persisted for over a day now . i'll be waiting . dennv .
0.13504258
so whenever will cquest have been barred from controversy he keeps reverting after three people already inserting personal value judgments and deleting sources this behavsior is unacceptable yet it has persisted for over a day now ill be waiting dennv 
0.12325962
behavior

::: helder , i agree with you on one point , and it may surprise you which point it is : the loosers of the cold war were indeed ' the people ' . now that the communist threat is gone , it's no longer necessary to accommodate basic decency in dealing with employees , for example . i have worked on the bottom of the food chain long enough to know how many liberties some employers take with their employees . the irony is , of course , that out of fear of communism , working conditions in the west were much better than in communist countries . i still think the masses are cowardly , nasty , stupid , and disgusting in general . but , that's regardless of who they are made up of . any assembly of people that exceed about a hundred people tends to take on disgusting behaviour . just watch frat parties at ' elite ' universities . yuck . you don't even need 100 people for that . humanity as such is vile , it's only redeeming feature is the occasional decent human being . my support for democracy is not based on any kind of sympathy with ' the masses ' , but it's simply based on the realization that there are no better alternatives . i am a popperian democrat democracy as a necessity , not moral imperative . the losing side of any revolution is always humanity ( menschlichkeit , not menschheit ; i trust you know enough german to get the difference ) . ::: the famines inflicted on india , ireland , and post-wwi germany are just one of the few examples of how humans in general are simply disgusting . by the way , according to new findings in archeology , genocide was the method of choice in dealing with enemies for most of human history . whether the ' noble savages ' , the carriers of ' white man's burden ' , the ' ubermenschen ' , or the ' avantgarde of the proletariat ' , humans have not gotten better or worse throughout history , but have simply found new excuses for their native instincts . ::: i think this discussion has gone severely off-topic . if you want to continue , go to my talk page . ::: apologies to the rest of you .
0.35122555
helder i agree with you on one point and it may surprise you which point it is the loosers of the cold war were indeed the people now that the communist threat is gone its no longer necessary to accommodate basic decency in dealing with employees for example i have worked on the bottom of the food chain long enough to know how many liberties some employers take with their employees the irony is of course that out of fear of communism working conditions in the west were much better than in communist countries i still think the masses are cowardly nasty stucpid and disgusting in general but thats regardless of who they are made up of any assembly of people that exceed about a hundred people tends to take on disgusting behaviour just watch frat parties at elite universities yuck you dont even need 100 people for that humanity as such is vile its only redeeming feature is the occasional decent human being my support for democracy is not based on any kind of sympathy with the masses but its simply based on the realization that there are no better alternatives i am a popperian democrat democracy as a necessity not moral imperative the losing side of any revolution is always humanity menschlichkeit not menschheit i trust you know enough german to get the difference the famines inflicted on india ireland and postwwi germany are just one of the few examples of how humans in general are simply disgusting by the way according to new findings in archeology genocide was the method of choice in dealing with enemies for most of human history whether the noble savages the carriers of white mans burden the ubermenschen or the avantgarde of the proletariat humans have not gotten better or worse throughout history but have simply found new excuses for their native instincts i think this discussion has gone severely offtopic if you want to continue go to my talk page apologies to the rest of you 
0.33143017
stupid

::: hey sophia , thanks for your comments . my concern about the block is the risk of being tarred a ' problem user ' over time due to a rather strict and selective application of policy . i won't fight this because it is technically a legal block . still , considering that aja refuses to discuss on the talk page while reverting a number of peoples work , i do think blocking me in this instance is questionable . otoh , the acharya s edit war has been going on for many months , and charles has applied the 3rr strictly against others in the past , so i don't feel so bad .
0.06650716
hey sophia thanks for your comments my concern about the block is the risk of being tarred a problem user over time due to a rather strict and selective application of policy i wont fight this because it is technically a legal block still considering that aja refuses to discuss on the talk page while reverting a number of peoples work i do think blocking me in this instance is questionable otoh the acharya s edit war has been going on for many months and charles has applied the 3rr strictly against others in the past so i dont feel so wbad 
0.05602448
bad

= = orphaned fair use image (: image : sleepingbag . png ) = = {| align = center style = background-color : #ffffff ; border : 8px solid #ff0000 ; padding : 5px ; |- | | this media may be deleted . |} thanks for uploading image : sleepingbag . png . i notice the ' image ' page currently specifies that your image can be used under a fair use license . however , the image is currently orphaned , meaning that is not used in any articles on wikipedia . if your image was previously in an article , please go to the article and see why your image was deleted . you may add it back if you think that that will be useful . if you have uploaded other fair use media , please check whether they're used in any articles or not . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any fair use images not used in any articles will be deleted after seven days , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . thank you .
0.007940124
orphaned fair use image image sleepingbag png align center style backgroundcolor ffffff border 8px solid ff0000 padding 5px this media may be deeted thanks for uploading image sleepingbag png i notice the image page currently specifies that your image can be used under a fair use license however the image is currently orphaned meaning that is not used in any articles on wikipedia if your image was previously in an article please go to the article and see why your image was deleteld you may add it back if you think that that will be useful if you have uploaded other fair use media please check whether theyre used in any articles or not you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any fair use images not used in any articles will be delexted after seven days as described on criteria for speedy deletion thank you 
0.0069375113
deleted

