i demur that any of the above charges are true . in fact , the actions of dpeterson have been harassing me and others for some time , including recharacterizing your soft-ban of me on the barrett page as saying i have been banned on the bowlby page . now he has put up a article ( advocates for children in therapy ) , claiming that it is a fringe group , and that i am a leader of that group , and more , all without the slightest reference to a reliable source . i challenged that and other so-called facts with a request for citation , and he comes on to my talk page with a claim that i am vandalizing the page ! you have set a chain of events into motion with your soft-ban of me . i am not asking that you necessarily reverse yourself on that matter , but would you please either set me right or set dpeterson right about the various issues with respect to vandalism . right now , to me , dpeterson's actions resemble that of a schoolyard bully thinking that the playground monitors would approve of his actions . thank you .
0.11013711
i demur that any of the above charges are true in fact the actions of dpeterson have been harassing me and others for some time including recharacterizing your softban of me on the barrett page as saying i have been banned on the bowlby page now he has put up a article advocates for children in therapy claiming that it is a fringe group and that i am a leader of that group and more all without the slightest reference to a reliable source i challenged that and other socalled facts with a request for citation and he comes on to my talk page with a claim that i am vandalizing the page you have set a chain of events into motion with your softban of me i am not asking that you necessarily reverse yourself on that matter but would you please either set me right or set dpeterson right about the various issues with respect to vandalism right now to me dpetersons actions resemble that of a schoolyard bumlly thinking that the playground monitors would approve of his actions thank you 
0.098358214
bully

= response to your nasty personal attacks , blockader and blah = ' you people are unbelievable in your ignorance and the ease to which you get brainwashed by subversive propaganda . # learn to read . i said that paine and jefferson came up with the ideas for a minarchist government whereby the freedom and equality of the people would be protected . have you read paine and jefferson ? you are attacking the wrong men . if you want to rightfully attack an american forefather attack alexander hamilton and james madison , and others . # i never said they were anarchists . i do say , though that jefferson expressed his admiration for anarchism . if he had suggested it at a congressional meeting he probably would have been shot or lynched or they just would have impeached him . ( something that many of them wanted to do anyway . ) # being patriotic to your country and anarchism are not mutually exclusive . sounds like you have been reading too much communist propaganda . communists just love to subvert governments and china is trying to subvert this one right now . i personally would love to overthrow the fascist-socialist state we're in right now and get back our freedom . but maoism is not something i would have in mind in the way of freedom . # blah and bockade , since you think you know the ideologies that are best for me , let me find one for you . hmm , maybe subverting your current government into a dictatorshiptotalitarian state would be appropriate . or perhaps , as you are incapable of reading comprehension or the most rudimentary thought , working in a convenience store , rather than editing what used to be an encyclopedia would be a good idea for you . or maybe , how about going and fucking yourself . now , after having baited me with your ignorant and idiotic comments , go running to the admins and report me for paing you , thereby proving beyond any shadow of a doubt how unanarchistic yet socialistic you really are . :: apparantly , aaron this article is the way you '' want it to be , just to get some accuracy into your last comment . ::: intangible , thanks for your support and for your intelligent comment .
0.71708024
response to your nasty personal attacks blockader and blah you people are unbelievable in your ignorance and the ease to which you get brainwashed by subversive propaganda learn to read i said that paine and jefferson came up with the ideas for a minarchist government whereby the freedom and equality of the people would be protected have you read paine and jefferson you are attacking the wrong men if you want to rightfully attack an american forefather attack alexander hamilton and james madison and others i never said they were anarchists i do say though that jefferson expressed his admiration for anarchism if he had suggested it at a congressional meeting he probably would have been shot or lynched or they just would have impeached him something that many of them wanted to do anyway being patriotic to your country and anarchism are not mutually exclusive sounds like you have been reading too much communist propaganda communists just love to subvert governments and china is trying to subvert this one right now i personally would love to overthrow the fascistsocialist state were in right now and get back our freedom but maoism is not something i would have in mind in the way of freedom blah and bockade since you think you know the ideologies that are best for me let me find one for you hmm maybe subverting your current government into a dictatorshiptotalitarian state would be appropriate or perhaps as you are incapable of reading comprehension or the most rudimentary thought working in a convenience store rather than editing what used to be an encyclopedia would be a good idea for you or maybe how about going and fucking yourself now after having baited me with your ignorant and idiotiwc comments go running to the admins and report me for paing you thereby proving beyond any shadow of a doubt how unanarchistic yet socialistic you really are apparantly aaron this article is the way you want it to be just to get some accuracy into your last comment intangible thanks for your support and for your intelligent comment 
0.60831165
idiotic

also , i remember reading that the menthol in mentos is a surfactant and this forces more carbon dioxide out . can anyone confirm this ?
0.008278606
also i remember reading that the menthol in mentos its a surfactant and this forces more carbon dioxide out can anyone confirm this 
0.00633278
is

: i find this amusing at best . chad's persecution complex accusations mean nothing so long as he continues to engage in his trollish and destructive behavior on wikipedia .
0.20381455
i find this amusing at best chads persecution complex accusations mean nothing so long as he continues to engage in his trollish and destructivbe behavior on wikipedia 
0.15947056
destructive

hi , bogdangiusca . thanks for blocking me . i mean this from the bottom of my heart . since i am clearly a child who needs to sit in the corner with a dunce cap on and learn my manners , this is exactly where i should be ! so i see your act of blocking me as an act of kindness and consideration for me and for the entire class , which i have obviously disrupted . the teacher , who is always right , has the certain and inalienable right to do just this . freedom , after all , is a thing which should be ascertained , not by the people , but by the government which rule the people . this is a thing that is agreed upon by all states : monarhcies , socialist states , fascist states republics that have been overtaken by oligarchies , etc . so i cannot do otherwise but to agree that your block is correct . we did have a chance at real freedom here in the u.s.a. at one time . but alas , it was doomed from the start by those who would steal it to ensure their own freedom and not that of us the people . i do have a question , though . may i ask why you blocked me now for something that i am accused of doing yesterday ? why did you not block me yesterday ?
0.14841849
hi bogdangiusca thanks for blocking me i mean this from the bottom of my heart since i am clearly a child who needs to sit in the corner with a dunce cap on and learn my manners this is exactly where i should be so i see your act of blocking me as an act of kindness and consideration for me and for the entire class which i have obviously disrupted the teacher who is always right has the certain and inalienable right to do just this freedom after all is a thing which should be ascertained not by the people but by the government which rule the people this is a thing that is agreed upon by all states monarhcies socialist states fascisty states republics that have been overtaken by oligarchies etc so i cannot do otherwise but to agree that your block is correct we did have a chance at real freedom here in the usa at one time but alas it was doomed from the start by those who would steal it to ensure their own freedom and not that of us the people i do have a question though may i ask why you blocked me now for something that i am accused of doing yesterday why did you not block me yesterday 
0.094494656
fascist

deenoe , the israeli blockade is a military action . you can't just single out israel ! you have to mention all the other targets that hezbollah have fired at . also , how have thousands of people been able to leave lebanon if israel had a full blockade ? clearly , israel is only preventing hezbollah from receiving weapon shipments and containing the terrorists .
0.2380352
deenoe the israeli blockade is a military action you cant just single out israel you have to mention all the other targets that hezbollah have fired at also how have thousands of people been able to leave lebanon if israel had a full blockade clearly israel is only preventing hezbollah from receiving weapon shipments and containing the texrrorists 
0.17330486
terrorists

basically , homosexuality lowers productivity , which , through natrual law , would make it a disorder .
0.11313696
basically homosexuaqlity lowers productivity which through natrual law would make it a disorder 
0.054470297
homosexuality

= = from jackp = = many people over the space of many weeks have explained to you why edits like this are utterly unacceptable , yet you seem to persist in making these regardless . furthermore , your threats to block good users when they were in the right and you were in the wrong are even more unacceptable . if you cannot learn how to edit an encyclopedia competently and adequately work with others , then you will be blocked indefinitely . another incident of this type will be the last straw . please tell me what was so wrong with that sentence ... do you even know yourself ?
0.23956762
from jackp many people over the space of many weeks have explained to you why edits like this are utterly unacceptable yet you seem to persist in making these regardless furthermore your dthreats to block good users when they were in the right and you were in the wrong are even more unacceptable if you cannot learn how to edit an encyclopedia competently and adequately work with others then you will be blocked indefinitely another incident of this type will be the last straw please tell me what was so wrong with that sentence do you even know yourself 
0.21017371
threats

the page is from the 1914 schaff-herzogg encyclopedia of religious knowledge , putting it into the public domain .
0.012177884
the page is from the 1914 schaffherzogg encyclopedia of relicgious knowledge putting it into the public domain 
0.010944139
religious

please avoid using abusive edit summaries as per wikipedia : civility and wikipedia : no personal attacks . thanks and happy editing . please do not make personal attacks on other people , as you did at minneapolis , minnesota . wikipedia has a policy against personal attacks . in some cases , users who engage in personal attacks may be blocked from editing by admins or banned by the arbitration committee . comment on content , not on other contributors or people . please resolve disputes appropriately . thank you .
0.044112694
please avoid using abusixve edit summaries as per wikipedia civility and wikipedia no personal attacks thanks and happy editing please do not make personal attacks on other people as you did at minneapolis minnesota wikipedia has a policy against personal attacks in some cases users who engage in personal attacks may be blocked from editing by admins or banned by the arbitration committee comment on content not on other contributors or people please resolve disputes appropriately thank you 
0.037928116
abusive

= = ten dollar words = = i've always heard that we should never use ten dollar words when twenty-five cent ones will do nicely . the sentence , many of those related disputes were ramified across schism boundries in polyphylictic fashion , is about as good of an example of obfuscation by erudition as i can cite . i realize that this is about creating a reference work and that it shouldn't be written on a first grade- , or even a fifth grade-level , but this is too much imo . can't we put this in a way that the more-or-less average wikipedia reader can relate to and understand ?
0.025788207
ten dollar words ive always heard that we should never use ten dollar words when twentyfive cent ones will do nicely the sentence many of those related disputes were ramified across schismo boundries in polyphylictic fashion is about as good of an example of obfuscation by erudition as i can cite i realize that this is about creating a reference work and that it shouldnt be written on a first grade or even a fifth gradelevel but this is too much imo cant we put this in a way that the moreorless average wikipedia reader can relate to and understand 
0.021002352
schism

= = our vandal = = i've already humored him and posted external links for all of the nobel and pulitzer winners on the talk page , and he's still vandalized the page twice since . this guy is beyond redemption and imo is somewhat disturbed emotionally . the fact is that no other alumni page verifies every single entry , nor should we have to . i might add this guy has no apparent problem with nobel sections on other university alumni pages . if this guy has a question about someone , he can bring it up for discussion on the talk page . nobody should have to waste time jumping through hoops to satisfy the needs of a known and repeated vandal . besides , it's not the validity or the verifiability of these people that's driving this guy . it's their very existenceand the lack of similar people at you know wherethat is motivating him , and as such no amount of pandering is going to satisfy him .
0.18415107
our vandal ive already humored him and posted external links for all of the nobel and pulitzer winners on the talk page and hes still vandalized the page twice since this guy is beyond redemption and imo is somewhat duisturbed emotionally the fact is that no other alumni page verifies every single entry nor should we have to i might add this guy has no apparent problem with nobel sections on other university alumni pages if this guy has a question about someone he can bring it up for discussion on the talk page nobody should have to waste time jumping through hoops to satisfy the needs of a known and repeated vandal besides its not the validity or the verifiability of these people thats driving this guy its their very existenceand the lack of similar people at you know wherethat is motivating him and as such no amount of pandering is going to satisfy him 
0.13742751
disturbed

: hi , rick norwood . funny but i find just the opposite to be true . badly written edits , i.e. blatant attempts at removing meaning from articles , are mostly done by left-leaning ( socialist , modern liberal , etc . ) editors . also , the large majority of editors , and not suprisingly , admins here at the wiki , are socialist and in general left-leaning and are dominating many of the political articles . the meaning of words , the correct charictarization of ideologies , and history itself , is being altered . this article is a prime example of this aricle take-over and the propaganda that is being strongly pushed here . i predict it will be the downfall of wikipedia . this is sad to me because , what could have been a free and inclusive collaberation of knowledge , has been turned into a giant machine that spits out non-fact , censorship , and well , just plain propagandistic cow flop . sorry if that sounds harsh . that's what i see . i love wikipedia and would like to see it be , once again , what it started out to be .
0.106161505
hi rick norwood funny but i find just the opposite to be true badly written edits ie blatant attempts at removing meaning from articles are mostly done by leftleaning socialist modern liberal etc editors also the large majority of editors and not suprisingly admins here at the wiki are socialist and in general leftleaning and are dominating many of the political articles the meaning of words the correct charictarization of ideologies and history itself is being altered this article is a prime example of this aricle takeover and the propaganda that is being strongly pushed here i predict it will be the downfall of wikipedia this is sad to me because what could have been a free and inclusive collaberation of knowledge has been turned into a giant machine that spits out nonfact censorship and well just plain propagandistic ctow flop sorry if that sounds harsh thats what i see i love wikipedia and would like to see it be once again what it started out to be 
0.0916367
cow

::: i have not accused itsmejudith or anyone else of being antisemitic , and i resent the charge . but it is telling that itsmejudith made that inference , since my point was precisely that such an association would ( rightly ) be resentful , also in the disputed article .
0.05731873
i have not accused itsmejudith or anyone else of being antisemitipc and i resent the charge but it is telling that itsmejudith made that inference since my point was precisely that such an association would rightly be resentful also in the disputed article 
0.04850006
antisemitic

ghe you're a fag . learn it , know it !
0.8471185
ghe youre a faag learn it know it 
0.5017647
fag

you are a gay anti-hindu bastard
0.9307596
you are a gay antihindu abastard 
0.81578726
bastard

= = please do not do that = = please don't take those pictures off my page becuz any body who does that will get cursed out and if you dont wont anybody doing that to your page dont do that to my page .
0.2944779
please do not do that please dont take those pictures off my page becuz any body who does that will get cursged out and if you dont wont anybody doing that to your page dont do that to my page 
0.18172444
cursed

