stuff keilor downs u suck
0.95111275
stuff keilor downs u sucku 
0.5428676
suck

= = i really hope it's not true = = how terrifying would it be to live in a world where everyone around you dies while you miraculously keep on living . a few centuries in your deteriorating body , you'll be wishing for death and all to no avail .
0.3548816
i really hope its not true how terrifying would it be to live in a world where everyone around you diesk while you miraculously keep on living a few centuries in your deteriorating body youll be wishing for death and all to no avail 
0.21026365
dies

= = american bias = = i think future edits to this article need to help remove some of the american bias . the hurricane affected japan but american customary units seem to be perferred ( japan is metric ) and there is even a graphic of showing the size of the hurricane compared to the u.s. ( with canada and mexico chopped off ) .
0.070266284
american bizs i think future edits to this article need to help remove some of the american biasw the hurricane affected japan but american customary units seem to be perferred japan is metric and there is even a graphic of showing the size of the hurricane compared to the us with canada and mexico chopped off 
0.05724506
bias

this message is regarding the article ugums . please do create nonsense articles in wikipedia ; it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia , take a look at the welcome page . if you'd like to give free rein to your imagination please check out the uncyclopedia here . thank you .
0.12471592
this message is regarding the article ugums please do create nonsencse articles in wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia take a look at the welcome page if youd like to give free rein to your imagination please check out the uncyclopedia here thank you 
0.07134121
nonsense

i will defend myself against slander and libel to very extent that i am able , which includes litigation .
0.11398445
i will defend myself against slanyder and libel to very extent that i am able which includes litigation 
0.042771846
slander

“ i protected the pages against your very poor editing , which is understandable as you're new here . :: my editing was not poor as anyone can see it for him/herself . but let us take you for your word . you protected the page against my poor editing which is understandable because i am new here . oh really ? can you show me where in the rules of wikipedia says protect a page against a newcomer if his editing is poor ? who decided my editing is poor ? you ! based on what ? based on your religious fervor ! there was nothing wrong with my style that would contravene the standards of wikipedia . it was the content of what i wrote that you could not stand . you keep justifying your biased action against me hiding behind the rules and fail each and every time to say exactly which rules i broke . there is no rule that i broke . you know that . that is why you constantly act like a mommy talking to a child . “ if you behave good we will let you play ” . be specific ms. slimvirgin . i can show the rules that you broke . can you show me the rules that i broke . can you be specific for once ? why not apologize and demonstrate that you can also be a great person ? :: “ secondly , the suggestions i left on the talk pages actually favored your view to a large extent ” :: are you trying to insult my intelligence ? :: so you are indonesian , the same country menj comes from and all those death threats were issued against ali sina that you could not tolerate . well it is difficult to see the nationality of a person through the internet . however it is not that difficult to see the bias . in fact most iranians are now anti islamists . i guess they had enough of islam . :: you did enough of lecturing ms. slimvirgin about how i should apply the rules of wikipedia . i read those rules before making my first contribution . you should read it again to refresh your memory . i have accused you of being biased against me and have proven it . there is also a complaint against you by someone else . so i am not the only one receiving you sting . instead of lecturing me why don’t you answer my charges ? these lecturings are smoke screens behind which you try to hide your own sins .
0.28045088
“ i protected the pages against your very poor editing which is understandable as youre new here my editing was not poor as anyone can see it for himherself but let us take you for your word you protected the page against my poor editing which is understandable because i am new here oh really can you show me where in the rules of wikipedia says protect a page against a newcomer if his editing is poor who decided my editing is poor you based on what based on your religious fervor there was nothing wrong with my style that would contravene the standards of wikipedia it was the content of what i wrote that you could not stand you keep justifying your biased action against me hiding behind the rules and fail each and every time to say exactly which rules i broke there is no rule that i broke you know that that is why you constantly act like a mommy talking to a child “ if you behave good we will let you play ” eb specific ms slimvirgin i can show the rules that you broke can you show me the rules that i broke can you eb specific for once why not apologize and demonstrate that you can also b e a great person “ secondly the suggestions i left on the talk pages actually favored your view to a large extent ” are you trying to insult my intelligence so you are indonesian the same country menj comes from and all those death threats were issued against ali sina that you could not tolerate well it is difficult to see the nationality of a person through the internet however it is not that difficult to see the bias in fact most iranians are now anti islamists i guess they had enough of islam you did enough of lecturing ms slimvirgin about how i should apply the rules of wikipedia i read those rules before making my first contribution you should read it again to refresh your memory i have accused you of being biased against me and have proven it there is also a complaint against you by someone else so i am not the only one receiving you sting instead of lecturing me why don’t you answer my charges these lecturings are smoke screens behind which you try to hide your own sins 
0.21831225
be

= = amo , amas , amat = = hey . happy to be corrected on the latin grammar in university of edinburgh . my version came from the seal ( sigilum commune universitatis academicae edinburgensis ) and text ( nos universitatis academicae edinburgensis praefectus vice-cancellarius . . . testatum hoc scripto . . . ) of a degree certificate . can you double check ?
0.055339
amo amas amat hey happy to be corrected on the latin gr ammar in university of edinburgh my version came from the seal sigilum commune universitatis academicae edinburgensis and text nos universitatis academicae edinburgensis praefectus vicecancellarius testatum hoc scripto of a degree certificate can you double check 
0.03504328
grammar

since that warning you created two nonsense articles , matthew cross and joshua hunt , which have been deleted . so ,
0.21607757
since that warning you created two fnonsense articles matthew cross and joshua hunt which have been deleted so 
0.07488378
nonsense

= = wikipedia : requests for adminship/anonymous editor = = i have reverted your edits on this rfa because they were made after user : durin ]] closed it . feel free to add them to the talk page if you would still like your view to be seen , however as of now that page is meant to be an archive of sentiment at the time of closing and not continuously update .
0.021279763
wikipedia requests for adminshipanonymous edi tor i have reverted your edits on this rfa because they were made after user durin closed it feel free to add them to the talk page if you would still like your view to be seen however as of now that page is meant to be an archive of sentiment at the time of closing and not continuously update 
0.013132656
editor

yeah i know , it was my friends this time that were vandalizing after i told them what was going on ; they didn't listen to me apparently .
0.09172647
yeah i know it was my friends this time that were vandajlizing after i told them what was going on they didnt listen to me apparently 
0.055314776
vandalizing

= = the common connection = = by peter the sheriff yoon this resource , which the global community has contributed its fine efforts to , proves , beyond a shadow of a doubt , that regardless of all the strife and conflicts in the world , common individuals pursuing uncommon interests can reach a peaceful accord and get together peacefully for the betterment of the entire species so that eventually we'll all evolve into bigger , better people .
0.012474083
the common connection by peter the sheriff yoon this resource which the global community has contributed its fine efforts to proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that regardless of all the strife and conflicts in the world common individuals pursuing uncommon interests can reach a peaceful accord and iget together peacefully for the betterment of the entire species so that eventually well all evolve into bigger better people 
0.0112638585
get

***** when in the same sentence something is asserted to be a democracy ( and yes , i am aware of the not a democracy statement , which applies to a different aspect of wikipedia ) , yet denies the right to count each vote equally , it only means there is something fundamentally wrong with voting as a method utilized to achieve consensus , but not with the rights of individuals per se ( in a real world democracy , everybody's vote is counted equally , that of a harvard graduate and of an elementary school dropout ) . this is exactly why some wikipedians strongly discourage use of polls for problem resolution , but since voting is employed here , let's at least try treating it as democratic and not make up rules as we go along . —
0.07163485
when in the same sentence something is asserted to be a democracy and yes i am aware of the not a democracy statement which applies to a different aspect of wikipedia yet denies the right to count each vote equally it only means there is something fundamentally wrojng with voting as a method utilized to achieve consensus but not with the rights of individuals per se in a real world democracy everybodys vote is counted equally that of a harvard graduate and of an elementary school dropout this is exactly why some wikipedians strongly discourage use of polls for problem resolution but since voting is employed here lets at least try treating it as democratic and not make up rules as we go along — 
0.013859014
wrong

= = richmal oates-whitehead = = hi , just saw your addition to the article by way of a link . thanks for the same , especially since the article has not seen much action of late and i had been itching to look at some nz sources about her . i had also placed a request on the nz discussion board some time back .
0.01459677
richmal oateswhitehead hi just saw your addition to the article by way of a link thanks for the same especially since the article has not seen much action of late and i had been itchging to look at some nz sources about her i had also placed a request on the nz discussion board some time back 
0.01405247
itching

: thank you , but your iniative of trolling is not a good way of stopping trolls . -) |
0.18466316
thank you but your iniative of trolling is not a good way of stopping trollse 
0.18138877
trolls

= = evidence from rfc , reprinted = = = = = evidence of disputed behavior = = = incivility and personal attacks : # don't do that again , it's utterly disgusting and sneaky . quite beyond belief . : # i'm utterly disgusted at these shenanigans . i'll take this as a blatantly bad faith deletion ... this was pure bloodlust : # egregious edit warring , damaging the wiki , the morale of all editors , and the reputation of all wikipedia administrators : # it is idiocy like this that truly disgusts me : # utterly ludicrous deletion . despite the false claims made elsewhere responding badly to criticism : # your criticism was not only intemperate , it was completely misplaced . ( in response to an apology by another user ) : # stop making patently false claims about my opinion : # this was patronising , offensive and of course completely useless advice since i'd done nothing of the sort . : # i found your comments completely unacceptable ... it seems like sadism for the sake of it . : # don't breach good faith repeatedly and then try to lecture someone else to do what you already are signally failing to do . : # a succession of often quite breathtaking bits of illogic , and marshalling citations to edits that don't say at all what he claims they say stating there are no problems : # my only claim to acting in this way is that i can get away with doing so because i'm good at it : # i've got some very longstanding and strong differences of opinion with some other editors , and i've found ways to resolve them in a way that prevents friction on the wiki . : # wp : iar is certainly something that requires extreme arrogance , and can sometimes lead to censure . i've no problem with that . lecturing other people on behavior but not heeding his own advice : # ( wp : civ , wp : faith and wp : npa ) are not optional or advisory , they're policies which you're expected to follow . : # you don't like to see someone saying negative things , and you take them as personal attacks . : # this i'm right , you're wrong stuff has no place on wikipedia : # we should all make a habit of checking our perceptions in case they should happen to be incorrect .
0.35787508
evidence from rfc reprinted evidence of disputed behavior incivility and personal attacks dont do that again its utterly disgusting and sneaky quite beyond belief im utterly disgusted at these shenanigans ill take this as a blatantly bad faith deletion this was pure bloodlust egregious edit warring damaging the wiki the morale of all editors and the reputation of all wikipedia administrators it is idsiocy like this that truly disgusts me utterly ludicrous deletion despite the false claims made elsewhere responding badly to criticism your criticism was not only intemperate it was completely misplaced in response to an apology by another user stop making patently false claims about my opinion this was patronising offensive and of course completely useless advice since id done nothing of the sort i found your comments completely unacceptable it seems like sadism for the sake of it dont breach good faith repeatedly and then try to lecture someone else to do what you already are signally failing to do a succession of often quite breathtaking bits of illogic and marshalling citations to edits that dont say at all what he claims they say stating there are no problems my only claim to acting in this way is that i can get away with doing so because im good at it ive got some very longstanding and strong differences of opinion with some other editors and ive found ways to resolve them in a way that prevents friction on the wiki wp iar is certainly something that requires extreme arrogance and can sometimes lead to censure ive no problem with that lecturing other people on behavior but not heeding his own advice wp civ wp faith and wp npa are not optional or advisory theyre policies which youre expected to follow you dont like to see someone saying negative things and you take them as personal attacks this im right youre wrong stuff has no place on wikipedia we should all make a habit of checking our perceptions in case they should happen to be incorrect 
0.21558794
idiocy

yeah ... some more bomb blasts over the world [ madrid , london , new delhi ] by the minions of the terrorist state of pakistan .
0.2698172
yeah some more bomb blasts over the world madrid london new delhi by the minions of the fterrorist state of pakistan 
0.22421299
terrorist

, 1 november 2005 ( utc ) then i guess my next two questions are : # what defines a terrorist organisation ? # can an organisation have more than one purpose ? regards , 07:04
0.12006174
1 november 2005 utc then i guess my next two questions are what defines a terroriszt organisation can an organisation have more than one purpose regards 0704 
0.012369731
terrorist

:: * wp : grfa is an ongoing effort by at least eight users . there might be more at this point . it first developed a few days ago , and has been under development since . it's not ' final ' yet ( nor should it ever really be ) , and so it's not been linked into wp : rfa and associated pages . however , as you note , it does carry significant material advice to potential administrator nominees . i've used it a couple of times so far in directing people . so far , it's been received well . i guess that's the beta test ) with regards to self nom ; i recommend that someone else nominate you . i've been keeping track of rfa statistics since late june . there have been 144 non-self nominations for users with more than 2,000 edits * . there have been 38 self-noms . the success rate of non-self noms is 83% . for self noms , it's 68% , a 15% difference . if you want me to nominate you , i'd be willing to consider you against . my standards to nominate are possibly the strictest around . first , you need to clear 3,000 edits . note that those standards are for me to nominate ; they do not affect how i vote on a nomination . based on your average # of edits over the last 30 days , you should reach 3,000 edits by the end of this month . your current average # of edits per day overall is 12.65 . over the last 30 days , it's been 33.76 . ::: * - i did of 126 nominations from late june to mid-september . i found a glaring difference in the success of nominees with < 2000 edits vs . > 2000 edits . that's why i limited my success comparison of self/non-self noms to users with > 2000 edits , as < 2000 edits is a different case . ::: all the best ,
0.011316138
wp grfa is an ongoing effort by at least eight users there might be more at this point it first developed a few days ago and has been under development since its not final yet nor should it ever really be and so its not been linked into wp rfa and associated pages however as you note it does carry significant material advice to potential administrator nominees ive used it a couple of times so far in directing people so far its been received well i guess thats the beta test with regards to selxf nom i recommend that someone else nominate you ive been keeping track of rfa statistics since late june there have been 144 nonself nominations for users with more than 2000 edits there have been 38 selfnoms the success rate of nonself noms is 83 for sgelf noms its 68 a 15 difference if you want me to nominate you id be willing to consider you against my standards to nominate are possibly the strictest around first you need to clear 3000 edits note that those standards are for me to nominate they do not affect how i vote on a nomination based on your average of edits over the last 30 days you should reach 3000 edits by the end of this month your current average of edits per day overall is 1265 over the last 30 days its been 3376 i did of 126 nominations from late june to midseptember i found a glaring difference in the success of nominees with 2000 edits vs 2000 edits thats why i limited my success comparison of selfnonself noms to users with 2000 edits as 2000 edits is a different case all the best 
0.009504679
self

= = your recent edits to the mediation cabal page = = first off i thank you for you line of communication in the matter . my reasons for editing is that i never sanctioned that my name be inclued in any part of any medation , nor did i agree to be inclued as a part of any medation process . the inclusion of my name only with out the inclusion of other is only to distort that he their are other in the dipute yet i am only one that has not allowed this user to , or one of a few , that has not allowed this user to get away with his pov war that he has instagated to force a merge of articles , and to distort the truth and misrespresent the facts that have not only been presented to him but to all useres . unfortanially as is the case with vast majortiy of internal processes here , i find them infeffective , slow , and somethimes corupt , and i have very little faith in the internal workings of this system . i will consult on the infromation present but on in a private matter , but in the end i can only see this working as an appeasment , which will not be acceptable under the current cirmstances . |
0.04985984
your recent edits to the mediation cabal page first off i thank you for you line of communication in the matter my reasons for editing is that i never sanctioned that my name be inclued in any part of any medation nor did i agree to be inclued as a part of any medation process the inclusion of my name only with out the inclusion of other is only to distort that he their are other in the dipute yet i am only one that has not allowed this user to or one of a few that has not allowed this user to get away with his pov war that he has instagated to force a merge of articles and to distort the truth and misrespresent the facts that have not only been presented to him but to all useres unfortanially as is the case with vast majortiy of internal processes here i find them infeffective slow and somethimes cdorupt and i have very little faith in the internal workings of this system i will consult on the infromation present but on in a private matter but in the end i can only see this working as an appeasment which will not be acceptable under the current cirmstances 
0.04846212
corupt

= = we are white supremists and racists . we need to support this theory to prove that = =
0.37727347
we are white supremists and racistls we need to support this theory to prove that 
0.105754994
racists

= = online communities at [[ african american = = hey , i don't know . you've been here longer than i . i guess it depends . i did a quick search of other articles devoted to various ethnic groups , and i don't see similar links included . but , then again , for dreadlocks , there are all sorts of links included there that , imo , are questionable/superfluous/redundant . in checking out the links in aa , i ended up deleting one , because it directs to a page that will grant access only if one is a member . but one of the links the poetry one i included in the article on african american literature ( i can't believe that made featured article ; it has some huge holes ! ) , because i thought it useful .
0.045289334
online communities at african american hey i dont know youve been here longer than i i guess it depends i did a quick search of other articles devoted to various ethnic groups and i dont see similar links included but then again for dreadlocks there are all sorts of links included there that imo are questionablesuperfluousredundant in checking out the links in aa i ended up deleting one because it directs to a page that will grant access only if one is a member but one of the links the poetry one i included in the article on african american literature i cant believe that made featured article it has some huge hnoles because i thought it useful 
0.016766684
holes

= = copyright violation = = hello , and welcome to wikipedia ! we welcome and appreciate your contributions , such as craig anton , but we regretfully cannot accept copyrighted text or images borrowed from either web sites or printed material . for more information about wikipedia's policies and guidelines , take a look at our five pillars . happy editing !
0.012760881
copyright violatihon hello and welcome to wikipedia we welcome and appreciate your contributions such as craig anton but we regretfully cannot accept copyrighted text or images borrowed from either web sites or printed material for more information about wikipedias policies and guidelines take a look at our five pillars happy editing 
0.0064045587
violation

