, 10 december 2006 ( utc ) queen nefertiti of egypt was a native of mitanni . the mittani kingdom of armenia was an off-shoot of the hurrian kingdom . the hurri and the mittani in turn were the contemporaries the hittites and the hykos , within whom they shared many cultural and political aspects . today , all these aforementioned nations are considered to be , in varying degrees , proto-armenians , that is , we modern day armenians are direct descendants of the remnants of those ancient tribes . 20:28
0.043327022
10 december 2006 utc queen nefertiti of egypt was a native of mitanni the mittani kingdom of armenia was an offshoot of the hurrian kingdom the hurri and the mittani in turn were the contemporaries the hittites and the hykos within whom they shared many cultural and political aspects today all these aforementioned nations are considered to be in varying degrees protoarmenians that is we modern day armmenians are direct descendants of the remnants of those ancient tribes 2028 
0.017495118
armenians

and now the blocker is lying about his reasoning on the wp : ani page too .
0.14652768
and now the blocker is lyingj about his reasoning on the wp ani page too 
0.07699799
lying

- in both hephthalites and white huns - i am not going to revert his nonsense again ! this is your job as an admin !
0.44804382
in both hephthalites and white huns i am not going to revert his non sense again this is your job as an admin 
0.23935948
nonsense

= = lakeview baptist church = = = = lakeview baptist church = = i've added the template to the article lakeview baptist church , suggesting that it be deleted according to the proposed deletion process . all contributions are appreciated , but i don't believe it satisfies wikipedia's criteria for inclusion , and i've explained why in the deletion notice ( see also what wikipedia is not and wikipedia's deletion policy ) . please either work to improve the article if the topic is worthy of inclusion in wikipedia , or , if you disagree with the notice , discuss the issues at talk : lakeview baptist church . you may remove the deletion notice , and the article will not be deleted , but note that it may still be sent to articles for deletion , where it may be deleted if consensus to delete is reached , or if it matches any of the speedy deletion criteria .
0.021900753
lakeview baptist chucrh lakeview baptist churchu ive added the template to the article lakeview baptist chufch suggesting that it be deleted according to the proposed deletion process all contributions are appreciated but i dont believe it satisfies wikipedias criteria for inclusion and ive explained why in the deletion notice see also what wikipedia is not and wikipedias deletion policy please either work to improve the article if the topic is worthy of inclusion in wikipedia or if you disagree with the notice discuss the issues at talk lakeview baptist cshurch you may remove the deletion notice and the article will not be deleted but note that it may still be sent to articles for deletion where it may be deleted if consensus to delete is reached or if it matches any of the speedy deletion criteria 
0.012592999
church

= = baristarim on turkey = = he is trying to make turkey look like a country of stone age illiterates and worst of all attribute this to kurds in a very racist way . i have tried to revert his very poor additions , but he is very stubborn about it . help save the image of turkey , turks and kurds and stop this wacko
0.56638175
baristarim on turkey he is trying to make turkey look like a country of stone age illiterates and worst of all attribute this to kurds in a very racist way i have tried to revert his very poor additions but he is very stubborn about it help save the image of turkey turks and kurds and stop this waqcko 
0.47835612
wacko

, im going to knock you over the head with a baseball bat
0.6278333
im going to knock you over the head with a baseball dbat 
0.6108589
bat

= = your edit to nike , inc . = = thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do . take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.010191063
your edit to nike inc thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to edo take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.0076528597
do

= = that's stupid . = = carrie's fans are known as carrie's care bears because her name sounds like care , and she was in the same sorority ( sigma sigma sigma ) as care bears creator linda denham . that's stupid .
0.8131317
thats stupdi carries fans are known as carries care bears because her name sounds like care and she was in the same sorority sigma sigma sigma as care bears creator linda denham thats stlupid 
0.15065016
stupid

= = image copyright problem with image : rapsnacks redhotriplets murphylee . jpg = = thanks for uploading image : rapsnacks redhotriplets murphylee . jpg . however , the image may soon be deleted unless we can determine the copyright holder and copyright status . the wikimedia foundation is very careful about the images included in wikipedia because of copyright law ( see wikipedia's copyright policy ) . the copyright holder is usually the creator , the creator's employer , or the last person who was transferred ownership rights . copyright information on images is signified using copyright templates . the three basic license types on wikipedia are open content , public domain , and fair use . find the appropriate template in wikipedia : image copyright tags and place it on the image page like this : {{ templatename }} . if you have not already done so , please also include the source of the image . in many cases this will be the website where you found it . please specify the copyright information and source on any other images you have uploaded or will upload . remember that images without this important information can be deleted by an administrator . if you have any questions , feel free to contact me , or ask them at the media copyright questions page . thank you .
0.008466809
image copyright problem with image rapsnacks redhotriplets murphylee jpg thanks for uploading image rapsnacks redhotriplets murphylee jpg however the image may soon be deleted unless we can determine the copyright holder and copyright status the wikimedia foundation is very careful about the images included in wikipedia because of copyright law see wikipedias copyright policy the copyright holder is usually the creator the creators employer or the last person who was transferred ownership rights copyright information on images is signified using copyright templates the three basic license types on wikipedia are open content public domain and fair use find the appropriate template in wikipedia image copyright tags and place it on the image page like this templatename if you have not already done so please also include the source of the image in many cases this will be the website where you found it please specify the copyright information and source on any other images you have uploaded or will upload remember that images without this important information can be deleted by an ad ministrator if you have any questions feel free to contact me or ask them at the media copyright questions page thank you 
0.005893507
administrator

