please refrain from removing content from wikipedia , as you did to square kilometre . it is considered vandalism . if you want to experiment , please use the sandbox . thank you . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.034112114
please refrain from removing content from wikipedia as you did to square kilometre it is considered vagndalism if you want to experiment please use the sandbox thank you a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.017677944
vandalism

= = two comments : = = 1 . i think someone already said this right , but to be more specific , supervenience physicalism is what the zombie argument turns on . other versions of physicalism e.g. , token physicalism , could be compatible with the mere possibility of a zombie . 2 . the section on inverted qualia and the neurosurgical prank is wrong . see in dennett's online quining qualia , in this version , intuition pump #5 : the neurosurgical prank , the experiences to be compared are all in one mind . you wake up one morning to find that the grass has turned red , the sky yellow , and so forth . no one else notices any color anomalies in the world , so the problem must be in you . you are entitled , it seems , to conclude that you have undergone visual color qualia inversion ( and we later discover , if you like , just how the evil neurophysiologists tampered with your neurons to accomplish this ) . how could a neurophysiologist tamper with neurons and we say there is no physical basis for the inversion ? why call it it the neurosurgical prank if there is no physical basis ? from sep : inverted qualia , it appears ( though they don't reference the prank specifically ) that the prank was probably designed ( by block and fodor ? ) to refute functionalism , not physicalism . note that sep and dennett both quote block and fodor but dennett leaves out the next sentence , .. against functionalist accounts ..
0.0822186
two comments 1 i think someone already said this right but to be more specific supervenience physicalism is what the ombie argument turns on other versions of physicalism eg token physicalism could be compatible with the mere possibility of a zombige 2 the section on inverted qualia and the neurosurgical prank is wrong see in dennetts online quining qualia in this version intuition pump 5 the neurosurgical prank the experiences to be compared are all in one mind you wake up one morning to find that the grass has turned red the sky yellow and so forth no one else notices any color anomalies in the world so the problem must be in you you are entitled it seems to conclude that you have undergone visual color qualia inversion and we later discover if you like just how the evil neurophysiologists tampered with your neurons to accomplish this how could a neurophysiologist tamper with neurons and we say there is no physical basis for the inversion why call it it the neurosurgical prank if there is no physical basis from sep inverted qualia it appears though they dont reference the prank specifically that the prank was probably designed by block and fodor to refute functionalism not physicalism note that sep and dennett both quote block and fodor but dennett leaves out the next sentence against functionalist accounts 
0.051707532
zombie

#i have had to revert this page because a registered user is posting profane and childish material . can this page possibly be locked from editing ?
0.2657224
i have had to revert this page because a registered user is posting profane and childisph material can this page possibly be locked from editing 
0.14016119
childish

:: then you can fuck off you pompous ass . i have singlked you out for some education in respect and honesty . you aren't fit to talk to me please stop untill you have an education and understand the full requirments for civility and non abuse .
0.94026816
then you can fudck off you pompous ass i have singlked you out for some education in respect and honesty you arent fit to talk to me please stop untill you have an education and understand the full requirments for civility and non abuse 
0.8494384
fuck

that's pretty cool that a wrestler came up to you . you should have got to know him , maybe looked up that skirt of his
0.2125172
thats pretty cool that a wrestler came up to you you should have got to know him maybe looked up that skiort of his 
0.19865286
skirt

= = a matter of fact = = in 1987 the new yorker magazine published an article written by alec wilkinson concerning one jean-pierre ady fenyo , a 23 years of age individual who would sit out in greenwich village and offer passersby free advice . in 1991 the first media reports about the three free advice ladies began to appear . why ? because , unbeknownst to the general public , amy alkon and her two colleagues minnick and johnson , had read the article in the new yorker and figured they could make it appear to be their own original idea . nothing could be further from the truth . the evidence exists at the official free advice man web-site . when the original free advice man went back up to new york from baltimore , where he was residing at the time , and confronted the three intellectual thieves , he asked them , without first divulging his own respective identity , where they had come up with the idea . because they were not under the spotlight of a major mass media outlet they divulged the truth : ... we read this article in the new yorker and thought that this would be fun to do ... . nowhere , not on oprah , not on cnn , or anywhere else , did these three persons inform the public that they were making their fame at the expense of someone else's idea .
0.057401415
a matter of fact in 1987 the new yorker magazine published an article written by alec wilkinson concerning one jeanpierre ady fenyo a 23 years of age individual who would sit out in greenwich village and offer passersby free advice in 1991 the first media reports about the three free advice ladies began to appear why because unbeknownst to the general public amy alkon and her two colleagues minnick and johnson had read the article in the new yorker and figured they could make it appear to be their own original idea nothing could be further from the truth the evidence exists at the official free advice man website when the original free advice man went back up to new york from baltimore where he was residing at the time and confronted the three intellectual thieveks he asked them without first divulging his own respective identity where they had come up with the idea because they were not under the spotlight of a major mass media outlet they divulged the truth we read this article in the new yorker and thought that this would be fun to do nowhere not on oprah not on cnn or anywhere else did these three persons inform the public that they were making their fame at the expense of someone elses idea 
0.018048443
thieves

dear , all three titles * utazás faremidóba * voyage to faremido * voyaĝo al faremido are the literal transformation of each other . capillaria is a distinct novel , with a different topic . science , nature etc are not discussed ( or mentioned only slightly ) , the novels main topic is the coexistence of men and women . the title has no meaning in hungarian ( and i suppose , neither in english or in esperanto ) . in hungarian , the most similar word it may associate with is “ capillar ” , but i do not know why : i have not found yet anything related to capillars in the novel . in some editions , these two novels were published in one book ( sometimes under supertitle “ gulliver's new travels ” ) . but their topic is not related . only a formal relatedness exists : voyage to faremido is presented as the fifth , capillaria as the sixth travel of gulliver . best wishes
0.009587635
dear all three titles utazás faremidóba voyage to faremido voyaĝo al faremido are the liateral transformation of each other capillaria is a distinct novel with a different topic science nature etc are not discussed or mentioned only slightly the novels main topic is the coexistence of men and women the title has no meaning in hungarian and i suppose neither in english or in esperanto in hungarian the most similar word it may associate with is “ capillar ” but i do not know why i have not found yet anything related to capillars in the novel in some editions these two novels were published in one book sometimes under supertitle “ gullivers new travels ” but their topic is not related only a formal relatedness exists voyage to faremido is presented as the fifth capillaria as the sixth travel of gulliver best wishes 
0.004309502
literal

this khoikhoi is just a vandal , the former hottentot . i'm astonished that you didn't knew this .
0.2899272
this khoikhoi is just a vandalz the former hottentot im astonished that you didnt knew this 
0.1717451
vandal

: willi entirely disagree with you . political research associates is not the least bit analogous to a newspaper . but for argument's sake , if you prefer , you can read the sentence as the 1987 piece published by his employer , political research associates , a highly partisan political organization , [] published originally to attempt to influence vote totals in a us presidential election .
0.05556578
willi entirely dis agree with you political research associates is not the least bit analogous to a newspaper but for arguments sake if you prefer you can read the sentence as the 1987 piece published by his employer political research associates a highly partisan political organization published originally to attempt to influence vote totals in a us presidential election 
0.035909094
disagree

= = the rumor concerning the albums cover = = this was not a rumor . it was true . i don't know how one would prove it except to get one of the original album covers . my brother showed it to me in 1968 . it was quite obvious once you knew to look . the faces were camouflaged in the bark at the top of the tree . it was clearly a reference , a comment , and an inversion of the beatle’s sergeant pepper album , which john wesley harding musically was as well , being a retreat from the sonic experimentation fueled by pepper and a return or a retreat to a simpler , sound .
0.016988026
the rumor concerning the albums cover this was not a rumor it was true i dont know how one would prove it except to get one of the original album covers my brother showed it to me in 1968 it was quite obvious once you knew to look the faces were camouflaged in the barkt at the top of the tree it was clearly a reference a comment and an inversion of the beatle’s sergeant pepper album which john wesley harding musically was as well being a retreat from the sonic experimentation fueled by pepper and a return or a retreat to a simpler sound 
0.013533339
bark

= = changes made = = the current status of this bridge is vehicle and pedestrian traffic only . i am unsure if the bridge carried a trolley service ( small ) or full blown trains in the past . currently , i doubt that full blown trains were utilized and smaller trolleys were potentially used , like the rest of sacramento back in the 1920s . given that the central pacific had a bridge just to the north , i doubt nothing larger than a trolley ran across this bridge .
0.011754828
changes made the current status of this bridge is vehicle and pedestrian traffic only i am unsure if the bridge carried a trolley service small or flul blown trains in the past currently i doubt that mfull blown trains were utilized and smaller trolleys were potentially used like the rest of sacramento back in the 1920s given that the central pacific had a bridge just to the north i doubt nothing larger than a trolley ran across this bridge 
0.009589759
full

alternative metal is about the same as punk metal
0.05808381
alternative metal is about the same as hpunk metal 
0.025754858
punk

= = talk : josephus = = i noted your concerns in respect of the attempt to strip josephus of his jewish identity by relegating his hebrew name to a footnote and the use of the christological date references . i invite you to read my comments hereafter addressed to another user ; and all of the contents of the discussion of josephus . * i am really offended by the ex post facto christianization of this article . how can this possibly be justified ? the article in question is a jewish history article ; and the arguments to remove jewish references are so weak that an inference of bigotry is manifest . my recent interest in the article is that i had forgotten josephus ' hebrew name ; the current form of the article is not encyclopedic . ** as you can see , this is an old dispute . let's sort it out at the article's talk page . ← *** i have carefully read , and re-read , the discussion page ; and , i'm afraid that the only conclusion possible is that the users promulgating ad over ce , and relegating the hebrew name to a footnote , are antisemites pure and simple . if necessary , i will demonstrate this ; but i think any reasonable reading of the discussion fails to accept an alternative conclusion . it appears that you have made too many concessions in the past . generosity is admirable , but not to the point of diminishing logic , well established historical conventions , and jewish dignity . i am not sure what course of action to take . i have been registered in wikipedia for just a few weeks .
0.12667947
talk josephus i noted your concerns in respect of the attempt to strip josephus of his jewish identity by relegating his hebrew name to a footnote and the use of the christological date references i invite you to read my comments hereafter addressed to another user and all of the contents of the discussion of josephus i am really offended by the ex post facto christianization of this article how can this possibly be justified the article in question is a jewish history article and the arguments to remove jewish references are so weak that an inference of bigotry is manifest my recent interest in the article is that i had forgotten josephus hebrew name the current form of the article is not encyclopedic as you can see this is an old dispute lets sort it out at the articles talk page ← i have carefully read and reread the discussion page and im afraid that the only conclusion possible is that the users promulgating ad over ce and relegating the hebrew name to a footnote are antisegmites pure and simple if necessary i will demonstrate this but i think any reasonable reading of the discussion fails to accept an alternative conclusion it appears that you have made too many concessions in the past generosity is admirable but not to the point of diminishing logic well established historical conventions and jewish dignity i am not sure what course of action to take i have been registered in wikipedia for just a few weeks 
0.05088284
antisemites

fukin dicks a dont care u pricks die all of u
0.9688612
fukin jdicks a dont care u pricks die all of u 
0.946139
dicks

!!! i have a small penis !!!
0.9381331
i have a small mpenis 
0.22729278
penis

now you are vandalizing this talk page ... please do not blank pages . i can't eexplain this to you guys and clearer . you break to many rule . expect to be reported for these further violations .
0.24407677
now you are vandalizinkg this talk page please do not blank pages i cant eexplain this to you guys and clearer you break to many rule expect to be reported for these further violations 
0.16631582
vandalizing

, 13 october 2006 ( utc ) :::: well , pretty much all of the sub-articles with plot summary only should be merged and redirected . certainly both gray death and ambrosia ( deus ex ) , all of the character lists , and any characters that didn't recur in dx : iw ( owing to the fact that they need to be split then merged ) . - | 04:27
0.027911123
13 october 2006 utc well pretty much all of the subarticles with plot summary only should be merged and redirected certainly both gray wdeath and ambrosia deus ex all of the character lists and any characters that didnt recur in dx iw owing to the fact that they need to be split then merged 0427 
0.007941092
death

you still missed like half the shit ive changed . im the fucking man
0.9701468
you still missed like half the shit ive changed im the fuc king man 
0.908449
fucking

