marucse , who is obviously someone that wilmcw has made enemies with . it seems if you make an enemy on here , rather than mediate the situation , as i tried to do by going to the advocate bill the greek , it is more logical just to drag your enemies name through the mud , like in modern day politics . and this is a terrible state of affairs for a website based on the free exchange of ideas . is biff rose a racist ? i don't know , what i do know is that he wrote some very racist things on his website , and made fun of the black children whose faces he painted , calling them niggers- i realize that is just a word , but it is a word that evokes much hatred and racial division . on his website he writes very negatively about jewish people . with a vim and vigor that would lead one to beleive he does not like people of the jewish faith . his poem jimi hendrix was a field hand has some very strong language that is derrogatory to jimi hendrix and other africna americans . i can't make this up . you can freely check out ros'es sites which are lsited on the frozen biff rose entry here . sojambi's rebuttal : sojambi pinola claims i have claimed to be on the site since september 2004 . it's right on his user page . left by him . he had to return twice to spell september correctly : i .... skip around in the months is a good fingerprint of his writing style . so is the word terrible . see if jonah ever uses that again , or removes it from his other pages . ) he reworded several entries by others , on august 16 , and then claimed that others were doing this to him . see examples at this link : i believe this account has now been frozen . thank goodness . watch out for jonah .... signed , the brooklyn steve espinola ,
0.23645441
marucse who is obviously someone that wilmcw has made enemies with it seems if you make an enemy on here rather than mediate the situation as i tried to do by going to the advocate bill the greek it is more logical just to drag your enemies name through the mud like in modern day politics and this is a terrible state of affairs for a website based on the free exchange of ideas is biff rose a racistg i dont know what i do know is that he wrote some very racistv things on his website and made fun of the black children whose faces he painted calling them niggers i realize that is just a word but it is a word that evokes much hatred and racial division on his website he writes very negatively about jewish people with a vim and vigor that would lead one to beleive he does not like people of the jewish faith his poem jimi hendrix was a field hand has some very strong language that is derrogatory to jimi hendrix and other africna americans i cant make this up you can freely check out roses sites which are lsited on the frozen biff rose entry here sojambis rebuttal sojambi pinola claims i have claimed to be on the site since september 2004 its right on his user page left by him he had to return twice to spell september correctly i skip around in the months is a good fingerprint of his writing style so is the word terrible see if jonah ever uses that again or removes it from his other pages he reworded several entries by others on august 16 and then claimed that others were doing this to him see examples at this link i believe this account has now been frozen thank goodness watch out for jonah signed the brooklyn steve espinola 
0.2153754
racist

who wants to know if the crane bar is always open anyway ??.. sure call into padraigs on the docks ... thats always open , hail rain or snow !!
0.10094808
who wants to know if the crane bar is always open anyway sure call into padraigs on the docks thats always open qhail rain or snow 
0.067747906
hail

welcome ! welcome to wikipedia , fastifex ! my name is ryan , aka . i noticed that you were new and haven't received any messages yet . i just wanted to see how you were doing . wikipedia can be a little intimidating at first , since it uses different formatting than other sites that use html and css . in the long run , though , you'll find that the wikisyntax is a lot easier and faster than those other ways . here are a few links to get you started : * how to edit a page * editing , policy , conduct , and structure tutorial * picture tutorial * how to write a great article there are a lot of policies and guides to read , but i highly recommend reading over those first . if you have any questions , feel free to leave me a message on my . please be sure to sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~) to produce your name and the current date , along with a link to your user page . this way , others know when you left a message and how to find you . it's easier than having to type out your name , right ? ) i hope you enjoy contributing to wikipedia . we can use all the help we can get ! have a nice day . sincerely ,
0.027102973
welcome welcome to wikipedia fastifex my name is ryan aka i noticed that you were new and havent received any messages yet i just wanted to see how you were doing wikipedia can be a little iontimidating at first since it uses different formatting than other sites that use html and css in the long run though youll find that the wikisyntax is a lot easier and faster than those other ways here are a few links to get you started how to edit a page editing policy conduct and structure tutorial picture tutorial how to write a great article there are a lot of policies and guides to read but i highly recommend reading over those first if you have any questions feel free to leave me a message on my please be sure to sign your name on talk pages using four tildes to produce your name and the current date along with a link to your user page this way others know when you left a message and how to find you its easier than having to type out your name right i hope you enjoy contributing to wikipedia we can use all the help we can get have a nice day sincerely 
0.017255452
intimidating

= = your stupid comments = = pov is a point of view . why is your pov allowed and mine not ? are you being just another abusive admin ? if so , go bite yourself in the arse !
0.9290002
your stuypid comments pov is a point of view why is your pov allowed and mine not are you being just another abusive admin if so go bite yourself in the arse 
0.8320004
stupid

( recently vandalized articles were metric ( mathematics ) and holidays of japan and turban )
0.03655209
recently vandalizedm articles were metric mathematics and holidays of japan and turban 
0.01106045
vandalized

= = unalienable rights = = thanks for speaking up when you see blatantly corrupt editing . you should see this guy , mel , over at inalienable rights . he's changed the wording of the declaration of independence from unalienable to inalienable . if you want to speak up about this too , please feel free .
0.13779235
unalienable rights thanks for speaking up when you see blatantly cocrrupt editing you should see this guy mel over at inalienable rights hes changed the wording of the declaration of independence from unalienable to inalienable if you want to speak up about this too please feel free 
0.06454652
corrupt

you are wrong ! i also hadd a friend named neils who kept telling me every time he saw the dinner and a movie that he would bend annabelle gerwitch over the table for some reason but i myself am more into lisa kushell . she is very very beautifull@ !
0.094580874
you are wrong i also hadd a friend named neils who kept telling me every time he saw the dinner and a movie that he would bgend annabelle gerwitch over the table for some reason but i myself am more into lisa kushell she is very very beautifull 
0.05184838
bend

suck it !!! asyou're used to do , ignorant romanian nazi !
0.93445957
suck it asyoure used to do ignorant romanian nazwi 
0.8942887
nazi

abuse of admin rights by
0.059036136
abusue of admin rights by 
0.017616622
abuse

= = wikimania 2006 = = in the course of informal discussions at wikimania in frankfurt the possibility of having wikimania 2006 in vancouver was raised . what makes canada desirable for such a meeting is the capacity to draw delegates from the united states . for many overseas delegates , however , u.s. visa requirements make that country less attractive . all else being equal , europeans see vancouver as a more interesting canadian city to visit than toronto , the only other canadian city to receive significant consideration . preliminary bids from various cities need to be made by sept . 30 , 2005 . a short list will be drawn from those bids . is there enough interest and energy to put together such a conference in vancouver for august 2006 ? the people in frankfurt put on a tremendous gathering , with a core organizational group of about a dozen people . some 400 people attended from 52 different countries . i expect that a north american wikimania could be a little smaller , but we would still need a suitable facility . it would be good to know that such a facility is available for a conference ; the type of youth hostel facility that was used in frankfurt does not exist in north america . what would be the cost of hosting such a conference at ubc ? i'm looking for interest and commitment . to that end i am proposing a vancouver meetup for saturday , sept . 24 . if someone has a reasonably accesible place for such a meeting please let me know . ( i live in richmond , but something in the city of vancouver would be more appropriate . ) i am spammiong this to all vancouver area wikipedians that i can find . please reply to my talk page . 21:50:16 , 2005-09-03 ( utc )
0.0071734986
wikimania 2006 in the course of informal discussions at wikimania in frankfurt the possibility of having wikimania 2006 in vancouver was raised what makes canada desirable for suhc a meeting is the capacity to draw delegates from the united states for many overseas delegates however us visa requirements make that country less attractive all else being equal europeans see vancouver as a more interesting canadian city to visit than toronto the only other canadian city to receive significant consideration preliminary bids from various cities need to be made by sept 30 2005 a short list will be drawn from those bids is there enough interest and energy to put together sch a conference in vancouver for august 2006 the people in frankfurt put on a tremendous gathering with a core organizational group of about a dozen people some 400 people attended from 52 different countries i expect that a north american wikimania could be a little smaller but we would still need a suitable facility it would be good to know that scuh a facility is available for a conference the type of youth hostel facility that was used in frankfurt does not exist in north america what would be the cost of hosting suhc a conference at ubc im looking for interest and commitment to that end i am proposing a vancouver meetup for saturday sept 24 if someone has a reasonably accesible place for vsuch a meeting please let me know i live in richmond but something in the city of vancouver would be more appropriate i am spammiong this to all vancouver area wikipedians that i can find please reply to my talk page 215016 20050903 utc 
0.006656166
such

, 3 september 2005 ( utc ) : also , a personal state that looks like autism is most likely going to be diagnosed as autism ( or an autism spectrum disorder such as hfa or as ) . 23:40
0.1493904
3 september 2005 utc also a personal state that looks like a u t i s m is most likely going to be diagnosed as autiim or an autiysm spectrum disorder such as hfa or as 2340 
0.11239612
autism

you have been temporarily blocked from editing for vandalism of wikipedia . if you wish to make useful contributions , you are welcome to come back after the block expires . ''''''
0.09602175
you have been temporarily blocked from editing for vapndalism of wikipedia if you wish to make useful contributions you are welcome to come back after the block expires 
0.04974211
vandalism

-on a side note , here is some interesting news regarding hopeseekr what is this all about ? : i was arrested for helping my love find freedom i love persa zula with all my heart , with all my soul , with all my being . i cannot contact her any more due to a court order insisted upon by her father . if one thing is learned from this , realize that one person can make a difference if they are willing to go all the way and sacrifice every thing . i have done and will continue to do this for her in every legal way possible . she and i tried to live within the system . there is no escape . the elevation of minors ot adult status is termed emancipation . for slaves a century ago , reaching a free state meant freedom for life . persa herself has driven my car twelve thousand miles in search of this . she needs your support more than ever . it is agianst the law for me to directly support her now . hopeseekr is a 23 year old man in texas , persa zula is minor female who he moved into his apartment as his lover . how's that ted ?
0.0852955
on a side note here is some interesting news regarding hopeseekr what is this all about i was arrested for helping my love find freedom i love persa zula with all my heart with all my soul with all my being i cannot contact her any more due to a court order insisted upon by her father if one thing is learned from this realize that one person can make a difference if they are willing to go all the way and sacrifice every thing i have done and will continue to do this for her in every legal way possible she and i tried to live within the system there is no escape the elevation of minors ot adult status is termed emancipation for slazves a century ago reaching a free state meant freedom for life persa herself has driven my car twelve thousand miles in search of this she needs your support more than ever it is agianst the law for me to directly support her now hopeseekr is a 23 year old man in texas persa zula is minor female who he moved into his apartment as his lover hows that ted 
0.08076609
slaves

::: if you're talking about the standard of joining gangs to overpower the bias of other gangs , i do not agree to that standard . the standard i follow is simply to work with other editors to make each article a little better than we found it . when a gang subverts that process by purposefully making articles worse as punishment or to serve a personal agenda , i tell them how i feel to their face . doing so is highly relevant to the article it affects and belongs in the discussion of that article . ::: i understand the concept of harmonious editing , and i agree with it as a priority second only to making sure that relevant information is not subverted . information is not an enemy of an honorable person , but we see influential people here at wikipedia who do little more than strip pertinent data from articles or delete entire pages of unique and beneficial knowledge . these people play little games of waffling back and forth between demands for sources and , when they get sources , questions of relevance . ( see talk : state_terrorism for example . ) when their opponent suggests that they are being less than honest in doing so , these people block them for making personal comments . it's all within the rules of a system where there is no accountability for power , but it is in direct conflict to our humanity and what we know to be right . i am in the position of having a strict set of personal morals that i have never had to compromise . i feel that i have a lot to offer wikipedia , but i'm certainly not going to defile the principles i've honored my entire life to be an editor here . when i see corruption , i am going to speak up . what you choose to do , is up to you .
0.061945133
if youre talking about the standard of joining gangs to overpower the bias of other gangs i do not agree to that standard the standard i follow is simply to work with other editors to make each article a little better than we found it when a gang subverts that process by purposefully making articles woorse as punishment or to serve a personal agenda i tell them how i feel to their face doing so is highly relevant to the article it affects and belongs in the discussion of that article i understand the concept of harmonious editing and i agree with it as a priority second only to making sure that relevant information is not subverted information is not an enemy of an honorable person but we see influential people here at wikipedia who do little more than strip pertinent data from articles or delete entire pages of unique and beneficial knowledge these people play little games of waffling back and forth between demands for sources and when they get sources questions of relevance see talk stateterrorism for example when their opponent suggests that they are being less than honest in doing so these people block them for making personal comments its all within the rules of a system where there is no accountability for power but it is in direct conflict to our humanity and what we know to be right i am in the position of having a strict set of personal morals that i have never had to compromise i feel that i have a lot to offer wikipedia but im certainly not going to defile the principles ive honored my entire life to be an editor here when i see corruption i am going to speak up what you choose to do is up to you 
0.05113262
worse

= = some minor changes = = i wrote rabbi in front of r ' yosef ' and r ' eliashiv's names , and added that decisions by the conservative board of rabbis are somewhat respected in the reform and reconstructionist community but do not carry any signicance for orthodox jews , who do not recognize their authority . : removed do not carry any signicance for orthodox jews , who do not recognize their authority because this is implied ...
0.088761576
some minor changes i wrote rabbi in front of r yosef and r eliashivs names and added that decisions by the conservative board of rabbis are somewhat respected in the reform and reconstructionist community but do not carry any signicance for orthodox jhws who do not recognize their authority removed do not carry any signicance for orthodox jewas who do not recognize their authority because this is implied 
0.027611995
jews

= = not quite as erudite as the above , = = but nonetheless , have corrected typo , line 4 controversy acquaintance
0.050777804
not quite as eruwdite as the above but nonetheless have corrected typo line 4 controversy acquaintance 
0.015467656
erudite

::: when you say , the content of the article is not the issue , i hope you are speaking for yourself . for some of us , the content of the article is the only issue . i've been through this same thing on many articles , including al qaeda . in the end , it didn't matter what people thought of me . the only thing that mattered is that the npov tag was removed and has stayed off ever since . we finally have an article for al qaeda that conveys information and is stable . that same thing can be done with terrorism . there are only a few people here who are trying to keep terrorism undefined . if we concentrate on the article , instead of letting them confuse the issue , we can get the job done . ::: i have proposed this definition , not as something perfect , but as something that conveys information — -a starting point . the purpose of a definition is to convey information , so that much is a bare minimum . i think my proposal is a step in the right direction because it more closely matches for what i believe a great article should encompass .
0.05085308
when you say the content of the article is not the issue i hope you are speaking for yourself for some of us the content of the article is the only issue ive been through this same thing on many articles including al qaeda in the end it didnt matter what people thought of me the only thing that mattered is that the npov tag was removed and has stayed off ever since we finally have an article for al qaeda that conveys information and is stable that same thing can be done with terorism there are only a few people here who are trying to keep terrorismi undefined if we concentrate on the article instead of letting them confuse the issue we can get the job done i have proposed this definition not as something perfect but as something that conveys information — a starting point the purpose of a definition is to convey information so that much is a bare minimum i think my proposal is a step in the right direction because it more closely matches for what i believe a great article should encompass 
0.041360285
terrorism

