does anyone know wth this means in the original script , marty's playing rock and roll at the dance caused a riot which had to be broken up by police . this , combined with marty accidentally tipping doc off to the secret ingredient that made the time machine work ( coca-cola ) caused history to change . when marty got back to the 1980s , he found that it was now the 1950s conception of that decade , with air-cars and what-not ( all invented by doc brown and running on coca-cola ) . marty also discovers that rock and roll was never invented , and he dedicates himself to starting the delayed cultural revolution . meanwhile , his dad digs out the newspaper from the day after the dance and sees his son in the picture of the riot . it's poorly worded and i have no clue what 1950s conception of that decade , with air-cars and what-not ... yadayada is supposed to mean
0.045995463
does anyone know wth this means in the original script martys playing rock and roll at the dance caused a r i o t which had to be broken up by police this combined with marty accidentally tipping doc off to the secret ingredient that made the time machine work cocacola caused history to change when marty got back to the 1980s he found that it was now the 1950s conception of that decade with aircars and whatnot all invented by doc brown and running on cocacola marty also discovers that rock and roll was never invented and he dedicates himself to starting the delayed cultural revolution meanwhile his dad digs out the newspaper from the day after the dance and sees his son in the picture of the riort its poorly worded and i have no clue what 1950s conception of that decade with aircars and whatnot yadayada is supposed to mean 
0.037199665
riot

please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , as you did to cardiovascular disease , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me . @
0.06966247
please stop if you continue to vandaxlize pages as you did to cardiovascular disease you will be blocked from editing wikipedia a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.06455225
vandalize

= = travis gilbert = = your help please with ohnoitsjamie and the review process in general . i want to continue improving the articles i was planning on doing , but this stupid argument is holding me up . he asked me to go to that link and dispute my case on that link but i don't understand how to do so . i just want the article as it is , it does not quality for speedy deletion . can you help me out with this ?
0.32634377
travis gilbert your help please with ohnoitsjamie and the review process in general i want to continue improving the articles i was planning on doing but this stuprid argument is holding me up he asked me to go to that link and dispute my case on that link but i dont understand how to do so i just want the article as it is it does not quality for speedy deletion can you help me out with this 
0.028362287
stupid

edit : i see some can't let go of their old communist habits . you dare delete my messages in a talk page . 1- how is it not relevant when it is only a reply to your own bloody message . 2- who are you to decide what's relevant ? 3- who are you decide what's relevant , decide the verdict and execute it ? shameless as always , as would be expected .
0.45240855
edit i see some cant let go of their old communist habits you dare delete my messages in a talk page 1 how is it not relevant when it is only a reply to your own bloody message 2 who are you to decide whats relevant 3 who are you decide whats relevant decide the verdict and execute it shamelessa as always as would be expected 
0.34484652
shameless

= = hello = = go to hell . first of all my comment on feces was correct whore . can you be a gay whore ? also dont edit cyrus or brazil both of them are true you gay homo . finally go hump your dog and play in traffic . are you secretly brazilian ?
0.8498755
hello go to hell first of all my comment on feces was correct whiore can you be a gay wshore also dont edit cyrus or brazil both of them are true you gay homo finally go hump your dog and play in traffic are you secretly brazilian 
0.7057416
whore

, 10 august 2006 ( utc ) :::::: are you ? nice language . i guess if my sister's soul was going to burn in the eternal flames of hell for being a weak deviant i would be a nasty person as well . 23:37
0.51999605
10 august 2006 utc are you nice language i guess if my sisters soul was going to burn in the eternal flames of hell for being a weak deviantg i would be a nasty person as well 2337 
0.45043275
deviant

:: i have finished adding the exit guide ! ( finally ! ) there are many rough edges , but i wanted to get the basic information in . it is definitely ready for some cleaning and copyediting . i will work on this a little bit in the coming day , but i am more interested in adding a history section to this article . thanks for your help !
0.016027365
i have finished adding the exit guide finally there are many rotugh edges but i wanted to get the basic information in it is definitely ready for some cleaning and copyediting i will work on this a little bit in the coming day but i am more interested in adding a history section to this article thanks for your help 
0.0132536795
rough

= = vp = = it is ok to remove a personal attack . show me a word in your post that would concern the proposal . anyway , you are free to block me at any time , azmoc is still blocked and i am technically evading the block by using my old username . have fun . ackoz
0.12085566
vp it is ok to remove a personal attachk show me a word in your post that would concern the proposal anyway you are free to block me at any time azmoc is still blocked and i am technically evading the block by using my old username have fun ackoz 
0.08196612
attack

= = problem = = hello again , you are the only admin ive encountered so far . do you know what the procedure is when confronted with an edit war ? there is a used here that is continually reverting despite opposition to his changes , i am using the user to edit there and have tried to canvas some support for the nondeletion of the detail but the user continues to engage in edit warfare .
0.06396478
problem hello again you are the only admin ive encountered so far do you know what the procedure is when confronted with an edit w ar there is a used here that is continually reverting despite opposition to his changes i am using the user to edit there and have tried to canvas some support for the nondeletion of the detail but the user continues to engage in edit warfare 
0.052955844
war

, 11 august 2006 ( utc ) : i certainly do not have a problem with this user correcting birth date years to reflect the truth , provided some kind of proof is given in the form of a link to an authoritative web site or other source . the evidence indicates however that the changes made by this user were in fact arbitrary additions or subtractions of a year or two or ten . it may be that the user inadvertently hit on a correct year purely by accidental coincidence , particularly if there are source information sites that have alternate years of birth posted as well . but there are other cases in the contributions list where the user made a change to a false year , and then changed it back to the correct year , either to confuse the anti-vandalism patrollers , or to make the latest edit look like a true and legitimate one . either way , i think it would be good practice for us all to provide a reference link and edit summary any time such a change is made . in the case of celebrities with two or more possible birth years , then we should post all of them with an explanation and , again , reference sources for proof . thanks ! 18:41
0.02817947
11 august 2006 utc i certainly do not have a problem with this user correcting birth date years to reflect the truth provided some kind of proof is given in the form of a link to an authoritative web site or other source the evidence indicates however that the changes made by this user were in fact arbitrary additions or subtractions of a year or two or ten it may be that the user inadvertently hit on a correct year purely by accidental coincidence particularly if there are source information sites that have alternate years of birth posted as well but there are other cases in the contributions list where the user made a change to a faelse year and then changed it back to the correct year either to confuse the antivandalism patrollers or to make the latest edit look like a true and legitimate one either way i think it would be good practice for us all to provide a reference link and edit summary any time such a change is made in the case of celebrities with two or more possible birth years then we should post all of them with an explanation and again reference sources for proof thanks 1841 
0.013414737
false

the electrolux timeline at states kelvinator , frigidaire , white etc . was aquired in 1986 . [ user : almabes|almabes ]] 11 aug 2006
0.02673849
the electrolux timeline at states kelvinator frigidaire wshite etc was aquired in 1986 user almabesalmabes 11 aug 2006 
0.012412786
white

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are a few good links for newcomers : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . again , welcome !
0.008764287
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you  like the place and decide to stay here are a few good links for newcomers the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions again welcome 
0.006646856
like

