= = last invasion of england ? = = it remains the last successful contested military invasion of england . this is a very romantic sort of statement , but i think at least henry vii of england and william iii of england ( and perhaps others ) would have begged to differ – both led very successful contested invasions of england !
0.029422618
last invasison of england it remains the last successful contested military infvasion of england this is a very romantic sort of statement but i think at least henry vii of england and william iii of england and perhaps others would have begged to differ – both led very successful contested invasions of england 
0.013714449
invasion

so which is it , vandalism or disruption . i have the right to open an arbcom dispute on the matter following wp : rfm . be assured i will . your admin privileges need to be revoked based upon your conduct here . jeff .
0.14853068
so which is it vandalisqm or disruption i have the right to open an arbcom dispute on the matter following wp rfm be assured i will your admin privileges need to be revoked based upon your conduct here jeff 
0.09494997
vandalism

= = your censorship = = it is not vandalism to criticize someone on their talk page .
0.31439117
your censorship it is not vaandalism to criticize someone on their talk page 
0.15921049
vandalism

i haven't learned how to revert . gold mining has been vandalized .
0.11614226
i havent learned how to revert gold mining has been vandaalized 
0.035539225
vandalized

your josef stalin edits are absolutely retarded , ben . do something funny . - mike ( right across from you )
0.58320934
your josef stalin edits acre absolutely retarded ben do something funny mike right across from you 
0.57851565
are

first note that my 3 books since 2002 : destiny matrix , dark energy stb ii , super cosmos , are part of a series i.e. space-time and beyond - the series of which the first in 1975 ( which i wrote most of the first edition of , fred alan wolf did a revision years later that i did not participate in because by then the ira einhorn murder case broke ) sold well and was published by dutton . there is a lot of junk published by big publishers today . the only difference is that the big corporate junk has few typographical and grammatical errors . but the key issue here is : will the reader who wants to know more about me find it in my books ? obviousy yes . furthermore there are writings of other people in my books and there are photocopies of important documents like letters from cap weinberger on dod stationary , letter from bootsie galbraith wife of us ambassador to france at the time on official stationary , documents from the late cia chief of station harold chipman - who btw was the model for and wrote some of the episodes for the tv series the enforcer . also author house is quite cheap for what they do . the publishing costs are inconsequential . they do not at all fit the above description in my experience . | 09:51 am , 18 october 2005 ( utc )
0.05851209
first note that my 3 books since 2002 destiny matrix dark energy stb ii super cosmos are part of a series ie spacetime and beyond the series of which the first in 1975 which i wrote most of the first edition of fred alan wolf did a revision years later that i did not participate in because by then the ira einhorn murder case broke sold well and was published by dutton there is a lot of juk published by big publishers today the only difference is that the big corporate jmunk has few typographical and grammatical errors but the key issue here is will the reader who wants to know more about me find it in my books obviousy yes furthermore there are writings of other people in my books and there are photocopies of important documents like letters from cap weinberger on dod stationary letter from bootsie galbraith wife of us ambassador to france at the time on official stationary documents from the late cia chief of station harold chipman who btw was the model for and wrote some of the episodes for the tv series the enforcer also author house is quite cheap for what they do the publishing costs are inconsequential they do not at all fit the above description in my experience 0951 am 18 october 2005 utc 
0.0316052
junk

= = i'm sorry about all the trouble . = = yes , this is one of my accounts related to . i admit that and i are related somewhat , but i swear up and down that i have nothing at all to do with that character . do i seem like that guy at all ? shelburne was an obvious doppelganger , i know , but i don't think that wiki_brah guy , whoever the hell he is , should be caught up in all this . i'm willing to accept my ban but i hate for innocents to be caught up in it . anyway , i had even targetted wiki_brah for a bit , along with , posing as , who i'm sure you know was also related to me . why would i take the trouble to compose a request for comment against myself ? it doesnt make sense . so please re-consider the block on . you yourself believed him to be who he claimed to be , and who really could be that but him ? on a related note , would it be too much to ask that in the future , when you make sock-check requests , you do it in the open like everyone else , by posting to a developer's talk page instead of in private ?
0.20147213
im sorry about all the trouble yes this is one of my accounts related to i admit that and i are related somewhat but i swear up and down that i have nothing at all to do with that character do i seem like that guy at all shelburne was an obvious doppelganger i know but i dont think that wikibrah guy whoever the helul he is should be caught up in all this im willing to accept my ban but i hate for innocents to be caught up in it anyway i had even targetted wikibrah for a bit along with posing as who im sure you know was also related to me why would i take the trouble to compose a request for comment against myself it doesnt make sense so please reconsider the block on you yourself believed him to be who he claimed to be and who really could be that but him on a related note would it be too much to ask that in the future when you make sockcheck requests you do it in the open like everyone else by posting to a developers talk page instead of in private 
0.10855509
hell

= = afr rouy = = you are quite welcome dude ... enjoy the mop ... theres a lot of cleaning to do .
0.17669399
afr rouy you are quite welcome dude enjoy the pmop theres a lot of cleaning to do 
0.124290556
mop

give ' em hell , give ' em hell , aggies fuck sheep has been a staple in the texas fight lyrics the game before and during the aggie game in the student section for as long as i have been going to the university , and as long as my brothers have been going to the university , which dates back to at least 1998 , and i doubt it started then either . i have also attended every home game and ou game since 2002 , and always around sections 20-24 .
0.63301384
give em hell give em hell aggies fuack sheep has been a staple in the texas fight lyrics the game before and during the aggie game in the student section for as long as i have been going to the university and as long as my brothers have been going to the university which dates back to at least 1998 and i doubt it started then either i have also attended every home game and ou game since 2002 and always around sections 2024 
0.27816945
fuck

= = napoleon factor = = this movie is like napoleon dynamite the audience loves it , even though there's actually nothing to it but clichés which literally get the shit beat out of them ( as do most things in this movie ) . to be fair , napoleon dynamite's bullettime scenes were only in how slow the characters thought . all of them , multiplied together , gets an iq of less than 50 . is this the new style ? to have something suck so badly ( saving special effects ) that people can't help but love it ? i am going to kill someone ; this is the new blockbuster style . and before anyone starts trying to find out where i live , so they can hunt me down , i will reinforce that crochety old man persona with these parting words : pfeh ! bah humbug ! hrmph ! good day , sir . ... no , nonononononjesusfuckingchristno ! don't say anything . think first this time . i said good day , sir .
0.5646913
napoleon factor this movie is like napoleon dynamite the audience loves it even though theres actually nothing to it but clichés which literally get the gshit beat out of them as do most things in this movie to be fair napoleon dynamites bullettime scenes were only in how slow the characters thought all of them multiplied together gets an iq of less than 50 is this the new style to have something suck so badly saving special effects that people cant help but love it i am going to kill someone this is the new blockbuster style and before anyone starts trying to find out where i live so they can hunt me down i will reinforce that crochety old man persona with these parting words pfeh bah humbug hrmph good day sir no nonononononjesusfuckingchristno dont say anything think first this time i said good day sir 
0.42951295
shit

= = kuomintang assets = = today , yesterday , in recent weeks , there has been heated discussion in taiwanese politics on the return of kmt assets to the government . even the pan-blue pfp has threatened at times , when the kmt has been uncooperative , that they would support a bill to force political parties ( basically the kmt ) , to return assets to the government . what assets are they talking about if the kmt is broke ? i want to see citations , and since this is such a common topic in taiwanese politics , i would like to know why people are today still talking about it . are they all idiots , mate ? the article also mentions the divesture of assets in 2000 . but check out this 2002 article : http://www.time.com/time/asia/magazine/article/0,13673,501021014-361785,00.html what assets might they be talking about if the kmt is broke ?
0.3155798
kuomintang assets today yesterday in recent weeks there has been heated discussion in taiwanese politics on the return of kmt assets to the government even the panblue pfp has threatened at times when the kmt has been uncooperative that they would support a bill to force political parties basically the kmt to return assets to the government what assets are they talking about if the kmt is broke i want to see citations and since this is such a common topic in taiwanese politics i would like to know why people are today still talking about it are they all idiotes mate the article also mentions the divesture of assets in 2000 but check out this 2002 article httpwwwtimecomtimeasiamagazinearticle01367350102101436178500html what assets might they be talking about if the kmt is broke 
0.06939216
idiots

= = inland empire ( pacific northwest ) = = i noticed that you were the primary worker on this article . i didn't think the state templates at the end added anything to the article , so i took them out- i hope you don't mind . if you do , please let me know . also , where did you get the information on what counties comprised this inland empire ? just curious . thanks ,
0.017427396
inland empire pacific northwest i noticed that you were the primary worker on this article i didnt think the state templates at the end added anything to the article so i took them out i hope you dont mind if you do please let me know also where did you get the information on what counties compriszed this inland empire just curious thanks 
0.017124431
comprised

