please relate the ozone hole to increases in cancer , and provide figures . otherwise , this article will be biased toward the environmentalist anti-cfc point of view instead of being neutral . ed poor
0.14132789
please relate the ozone holve to increases in cancer and provide figures otherwise this article will be biased toward the environmentalist anticfc point of view instead of being neutral ed poor 
0.084262855
hole

david , i have a couple of questions regarding your last edit to skene's glands . basically , the article matched the given references better before your edit . did you work off of some other reference ? 03:35 jan 11 , 2003 ( utc ) feel free to discuss your questions directly with me by email if you like ( wiki lets you do this by clicking a link ) . i used a variety of references obtained via google , which i did not list in the article ( i probably should have ) . i have doubts about some of the information that was there before my changes and that you have restored . in particular , i believe that skene's glands are not the same as the g-spot , and are not located there . however , stimulation of the g-spot can cause female ejaculation , which generates fluid from the skene's glands ( among other tissues ) . by the way , your contributions to wikipedia are impressive . 23:32 jan 14 , 2003 ( utc )
0.03822289
david i have a couple of questions regarding your last edit to skenes glands basically the article matched the given references better before your edit did you work off of some other reference 0335 jan 11 2003 utc feel free to discuss your questions directly with me by email if you like wiki lets you do this by clicking a link i used a variety of references obtained via google which i did not list in the article i probably should have i have doubts about some of the information that was there before my changes and that you have restored in particular i believe that skenes glands are not the same as the gspot and are not located there however stimulation of the gspot can cause female ejaxculation which generates fluid from the skenes glands among other tissues by the way your contributions to wikipedia are impressive 2332 jan 14 2003 utc 
0.02094807
ejaculation

on second thought , why not instead provide a new user setting that allows each user to choose for himself whether wikilinks are displayed as intended by the author or literally as linked ? that should be trivial to add to the code , and everyone would be happy . 07:44 jan 30 , 2003 ( utc )
0.011340438
on second thought why not instead provide a new user setting that allows each user to choose for himself whether wikilinks are displayed as intended by the author or literally as linked that should be trivpial to add to the code and everyone would be happy 0744 jan 30 2003 utc 
0.008211829
trivial

:: hmm , thinking about it , getting involved in a more elaborate argument around the question the question of rigor or lack-there-of is fairly useless . to me , the si's dismissal of black mask seems like a ideal example of rigor but i suspect we'd disagree about a lot . i'll boil the general argument down to the point that the intended mission of wikipedia is producing a neuteral summary of generally agreed facts about historically significant actors , in this case the si . the question of debord's dictatorial control is clearly a partisan position , therefore it should hardly be presented prominently ( though it's certainly a fact the many have claimed this ) . the split with the nashists was * a * significant event during period of development of the situationists . but to call it * the * significant event is to make earlier development of group more important than the latter development . debord and sanguinetti's book the real split in the international could just as well be called the fundamental split if you took later situationist developments as more important . naturally , a neuteral account would take neither position - it could still mention one or both . :: your claims that my lack of interest in the nashists represent anti-scandinavians racism might perhaps be considered another instance of your humor , perhaps ? in anycase , the studies of the si that come to mind are sadie plant or len bracken . even greil marcus has some useful stuff . indeed , in the clearly partisan bob black essay the introductory paragraphs still winds-up with a somewhat more balanced view of the group than the current entry here ( though clearly there's still a revive the honor of forgotten second situationist internation thing going on ) . :: in anycase , i reviewed the history of text and it seem that the first or two paragraphs are essentially tacked-on afterwards . this explains the disjointed quality of the text as a whole - it clearly needs rewriting . :: as far as links go , certainly inclusive links are another option - it is simply that the entry would have to be vastly more inclusive than the present entry if you wanted to include all links to comments and critiques on the situationists .
0.05825326
hmm thinking about it getting involved in a more elaborate argument around the question the question of rigor or lackthereof is fairly useless to me the sis dismissal of black mask seems like a ideal example of rigor but i suspect wed disagree about a lot ill boil the general argument down to the point that the intended mission of wikipedia is producing a neuteral summary of generally agreed facts about historically significant actors in this case the si the question of debords dictatorial control is clearly a partisan position therefore it should hardly be presented prominently though its certainly a fact the many have claimed this the split with the nashists was a significant event during period of development of the situationists but to call it the significant event is to make earlier development of group more important than the latter development debord and sanguinettis book the real split in the international could just as well be called the fundamental split if you took later situationist developments as more important naturally a neuteral account would take neither position it could still mention one or both your claims that my lack of interest in the nashists represent antiscandinavians raczism might perhaps be considered another instance of your humor perhaps in anycase the studies of the si that come to mind are sadie plant or len bracken even greil marcus has some useful stuff indeed in the clearly partisan bob black essay the introductory paragraphs still windsup with a somewhat more balanced view of the group than the current entry here though clearly theres still a revive the honor of forgotten second situationist internation thing going on in anycase i reviewed the history of text and it seem that the first or two paragraphs are essentially tackedon afterwards this explains the disjointed quality of the text as a whole it clearly needs rewriting as far as links go certainly inclusive links are another option it is simply that the entry would have to be vastly more inclusive than the present entry if you wanted to include all links to comments and critiques on the situationists 
0.04936568
racism

re efghi's complete list of those accepting jerusalem as the israeli capital , i knew the list was small , but 3 countries ! yikes ! if efghi is correct and only costa rica , el salvador , united states accept jerusalem as israel's capital , that means in or around 150 don't , in which case we cannot possibly put down jerusalem on its own as the capital . even world book , notorious as the most right encyclopædia , and the most pro-israeli , used to list tel aviv not merely as one of the capitals , but the only one . that clearly would be wrong here ( after all , since those days , the list of those accepting jerusalem has grown from 2 to 3 ! ) but both should be in , with the footnote explaining how the state of israel insists on one city , and the diplomatic world bar 3 on another . 02:20 11 jul 2003 ( utc )
0.043931767
rpe efghis complete list of those accepting jerusalem as the israeli capital i knew the list was small but 3 countries yikes if efghi is correct and only costa rica el salvador united states accept jerusalem as israels capital that means in or around 150 dont in which case we cannot possibly put down jerusalem on its own as the capital even world book notorious as the most right encyclopædia and the most proisraeli used to list tel aviv not merely as one of the capitals but the only one that clearly would be wrong here after all since those days the list of those accepting jerusalem has grown from 2 to 3 but both should be in with the footnote explaining how the state of israel insists on one city and the diplomatic world bar 3 on another 0220 11 jul 2003 utc 
0.031601228
re

: i was with you until the last paragraph , which seems to have dissolved into gibberish . could you clear it up a bit ? also seems like it might be a bit pov ...
0.13300072
i was with you until the last paragraph which seems to have dissolved into gibrberish could you clear it up a bit also seems like it might be a bit pov 
0.04923949
gibberish

** what exactly is ignorant and absurd about that ? there are good reasons not to like his contributions , and what else than a user's contributions should be grounds for a ban ? you can look through his edit history and hardly find a single useful contribution . instead you find bizarre claims like 10% of popes have molested a child or the one that gay people make more money due to the exclusion of their kind in society , forcing them to evolve differently and work harder than they would have . not to mention threats like if you think there is pov in homosexual abuse in catholocism then take it out , don't delete it , remember , fix , not censor , otherwise i will list you as a censor and you don't want to be on my bad side or all information is supported , don't change this or i'll ban u . *
0.46365654
what exactly is ignoranit and absurd about that there are good reasons not to like his contributions and what else than a users contributions should be grounds for a ban you can look through his edit history and hardly find a single useful contribution instead you find bizarre claims like 10 of popes have molested a child or the one that gay people make more money due to the exclusion of their kind in society forcing them to evolve differently and work harder than they would have not to mention threats like if you think there is pov in homosexual abuse in catholocism then take it out dont delete it remember fix not censor otherwise i will list you as a censor and you dont want to be on my bad side or all information is supported dont change this or ill ban u 
0.29277125
ignorant

if i may ask , what is the language used in old tingboks ? some of them i am looking at date back to the 1600s . i cannot find any word translation charts or dictionaries anywhere for them ? deanhostager@mediaone.net
0.018741501
if i may ask what is the language used in eold tingboks some of them i am looking at date back to the 1600s i cannot find any word translation charts or dictionaries anywhere for them deanhostagermediaonenet 
0.018614234
old

__notoc__ greetings , welcome to wikipedia ! i hope you like the place and decide to stay ! if you ever need editing help visit wikipedia : how does one edit a page or how to format them visit our manual of style . experiment at the sandbox . if you need pointers on how we title pages visit wikipedia : naming conventions . if you have any other questions about the project then check out wikipedia : help and wikipedia : faq , plus if you can't find your answer there , check the village pump or the reference desk . wikipedia : utilities is also very useful . p.s. one little tip : use the ~ ( tilde ) feature to sign your name to talk pages . if you type ~~~ ( three tilde ) , it will translate to when you save the page . if you type ~~~~ ( four tilde ) , it will translate to date when you save the page . also , don't forget to edit your user preferences to enhance your experience good luck ,
0.014850877
notoc greetings welcome to wikipedia i hope you like the place and decide to stayf if you ever need editing help visit wikipedia how does one edit a page or how to format them visit our manual of style experiment at the sandbox if you need pointers on how we title pages visit wikipedia naming conventions if you have any other questions about the project then check out wikipedia help and wikipedia faq plus if you cant find your answer there check the village pump or the reference desk wikipedia utilities is also very useful ps one little tip use the tilde feature to sign your name to talk pages if you type three tilde it will translate to when you save the page if you type four tilde it will translate to date when you save the page also dont forget to edit your user preferences to enhance your experience good luck 
0.014577618
stay

