: i removed the suspect paragraph : :: a little known early fact about pasadena is the presence of a ship's mascot in the form of a north american snapping turtle . the animal was kept by the crew during construction at electric boat , and was even aboard during her launching into the thames river . immediately prior to commissioning , the turtle , named frumpy , was donated to california polytechnic university in pasadena , ca . : pasadena was launched into the thames because she was built at electric boat on the thames . that makes sense . california polytechnic university in pasadena , on the other hand , makes no sense .
0.021485528
i removed the suspect paragraph a little known early fact about pasadena is the presence of a ships mascot in the form of a north american snapping utrtle the animal was kept by the crew during construction at electric boat and was even aboard during her launching into the thames river immediately prior to commissioning the tuortle named frumpy was donated to california polytechnic university in pasadena ca pasadena was launched into the thames because she was built at electric boat on the thames that makes sense california polytechnic university in pasadena on the other hand makes no sense 
0.01423019
turtle

= = yo = = yo dude , create an account !!! much appreciated . if u already did , dont forget to sign in .
0.081864394
yo yo d ude create an account much appreciated if u already did dont forget to sign in 
0.045634877
dude

welcome ! hello , and welcome to wikipedia . thank you for your contributions . currently , you are editing without a username . you can continue to do so , as you are not required to log in to wikipedia to read and edit articles ; however , logging in will result in a username being shown instead of your ip address ( yours is 81.220.103.249 ) . logging in does not require any personal details , and there are many other benefits for logging in . when you edit pages : * please respect others ' copyrights ; do not copy and paste the contents from webpages directly . * please use a neutral point of view when editing articles ; this is possibly the most important wikipedia policy . * if you are testing , please use the sandbox to do so . * do not add unreasonable contents into any articles , such as copyrighted text , advertisement messages , and text that is not related to an article's subject . adding such content or editing articles maliciously is considered vandalism . the wikipedia tutorial is a good place to start learning about wikipedia . for now , if you are stuck , you can click the edit this page tab above , type {{ helpme }} in the edit box , and then click save page ; an experienced wikipedian will be around shortly to answer any questions you may have . also feel free to ask a question on . i will answer your questions as far as i can ! thank you again for contributing to wikipedia .
0.03969521
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions currently you are editing without a username you can continue to do so as you are not required to log in to wikipedia to read and edit articles however logging in will result in a username being shown instead of your ip address yours is 81220103249 logging in does not require any personal details and there are many other benefits for logging in when you edit pages please respect others copyrights do not copy and paste the contents from webpages directly please use a neutral point of view when editing articles this is possibly the most important wikipedia policy if you are testing please use the sandbox to do so do not add unreasonable contents into any articles such as copyrighted text advertisement messages and text that is not related to an articles subject adding such content or editing articles maliciously is considered vandablism the wikipedia tutorial is a good place to start learning about wikipedia for now if you are stuck you can click the edit this page tab above type helpme in the edit box and then click save page an experienced wikipedian will be around shortly to answer any questions you may have also feel free to ask a question on i will answer your questions as far as i can thank you again for contributing to wikipedia 
0.018165264
vandalism

= = thanks = = thanks for your contributions to terrorism in kazakhstan page , i feel all alone there trying to communicate a basic point.cs
0.1015202
thanks thanks for your contributions to terzrorism in kazakhstan page i feel all alone there trying to communicate a basic pointcs 
0.053865645
terrorism

this is the armeniapedia version about the battle in violation of the brest-litovsk peace treaty with soviet russia , turkish troops crossed the border in 1918 and attacked alexandropol ( leninakan ) . the aggressor intended to crush eastern armenia and seize transccaucasia . when alexandropol fell , the turkish army poured into the ararat valley – the heart of armenia . there was a major engagement at sardarabad on may 22-26 , where the turkish army was defeated and retreated . first of all i do not know how to revert . i just make changes . second as i am trying to put this version , a very good guy , named roob323 reverts to an older turkish version of the site . moreover , now it sounds even ridiculous . the same thing they wrote twice . just by cutting and pasting from the history of the article . these kids who never went to school in armenia , whose knowledge about armenian history comes from church sunday schools write things that can couse laugh even in turkish readers . for example , in early may recently becamed independent armenia was attacked by ottoman forces ( armenia georgia and azerbaijan decalred their independence only in the end of may ) . or , after losing the battle of sardarapat , armenia declared its independence ( second time as a matter of fact ) . but we all know that the second time armenia declared its sovetization ( occupation by bolsheviks ) on november 29 , 1920 and not independence . it is very well known that the commander in the battle of sardarapat was daniel bek pirumov from the village of nakhichevanik in nagorno karabakh . so fat these 2 imbeciles named nareklm and roob keep pushing the name slkuni or silician . and finall , y who needs the aftermath of the battle in sardarapat if it concludes information about what georgia did , who it asked for help etc etc etc . i am surprized to find out from the article edited by roob and narek that turkish army occupied the whole armenia(including russian part which is todays armenia ) . probably nagorno karabakh or zangezur or sevan they do not consider a part of armenia anymore . moreover , in the history of this article also edited by some turks and narek you can find out that armenia was forced to sign treaty of batumi !!!!! you can see how come 3 not literate ( angraget in armenian ) imbeciles can come and do things in wikipedia that turkish and azeri propagandists could not even see in their dreams . because these 3 imbeciles have got a right to revert edit or even block others , the real armenian history specialists can get heart attacks if they read this article . does anybody watch in armenia what is going on here ?
0.3267924
this is the armeniapedia version about the battle in violation of the brestlitovsk peace treaty with soviet russia turkish troops crossed the border in 1918 and attacked alexandropol leninakan the aggressor intended to crush eastern armenia and seize transccaucasia when alexandropol fell the turkish army poured into the ararat valley – the heart of armenia there was a major engagement at sardarabad on may 2226 where the turkish army was defeated and retreated first of all i do not know how to revert i just make changes second as i am trying to put this version a very good guy named roob323 reverts to an older turkish version of the site moreover now it sounds even ridiculous the same thing they wrote twice just by cutting and pasting from the history of the article these kids who never went to school in armenia whose knowledge about armenian history comes from church sunday schools write things that can couse laugh even in turkish readers for example in early may recently becamed independent armenia was attacked by ottoman forces armenia georgia and azerbaijan decalred their independence only in the end of may or after losing the battle of sardarapat armenia declared its independence second time as a matter of fact but we all know that the second time armenia declared its sovetization occupation by bolsheviks on november 29 1920 and not independence it is very well known that the commander in the battle of sardarapat was daniel bek pirumov from the village of nakhichevanik in nagorno karabakh so fat these 2 imobeciles named nareklm and roob keep pushing the name slkuni or silician and finall y who needs the aftermath of the battle in sardarapat if it concludes information about what georgia did who it asked for help etc etc etc i am surprized to find out from the article edited by roob and narek that turkish army occupied the whole armeniaincluding russian part which is todays armenia probably nagorno karabakh or zangezur or sevan they do not consider a part of armenia anymore moreover in the history of this article also edited by some turks and narek you can find out that armenia was forced to sign treaty of batumi you can see how come 3 not literate angraget in armenian imbecies can come and do things in wikipedia that turkish and azeri propagandists could not even see in their dreams because these 3 imbecirles have got a right to revert edit or even block others the real armenian history specialists can get heart attacks if they read this article does anybody watch in armenia what is going on here 
0.10868423
imbeciles

serious , i mean what the fuck is this ? fucking prison fucking camp ? please fucking unblock me
0.9875101
serious i mean what the fuck is this fuckinq prison f u c k i n g camp please fuckoing unblock me 
0.9654407
fucking

p . s im a fucking cunt rag and enjoy the taste of a nice warm pile of shit every morning . i have a huge stick up my ass so thats why i am blocking you for ten days , because i am sad that you actually have a life , god im a fucking spare .
0.9706269
p s im a fuking cunt rag and enjoy the taste of a nice warm pile of shit every morning i have a huge stick up my ass so thats why i am blocking you for ten days because i am sad that you actually have a life god im a sfucking spare 
0.9429071
fucking

= = alaskan cruncher = = thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and the page that you created has been or soon will be deleted . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.024165053
alaskan cruncher thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and the page that you created has been or soon will be deletmed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.021374777
deleted

sorry ? i have not been vandalizing , only editing to the best of my knowledge , vandalism is destruction , i have only been creating additions based on facts .
0.06125345
sorry i have not been vandalizing only editing to the best of my knowledge vandalism is destsruction i have only been creating additions based on facts 
0.043615386
destruction

my user page i will say waht i want i do not vandalize , so fuck you . ha
0.9803867
my user page i will say waht i want i do not vandalize so bfuck you ha 
0.7705266
fuck

it's from one of the many books on various bands ... i thought it was from cult rockers , but i just checked and supertramp isn't in there . i will seek out a source for this quote . -
0.05128795
its from one of the many books on various bands i thought it was from cumlt rockers but i just checked and supertramp isnt in there i will seek out a source for this quote 
0.023032976
cult

2007 ( utc ) : it seems that ign has removed the date of the full version of the opera browser out of the list , therefore , march 30th may not be the date . i'm gonna remove march 30 at the article since we dont have evidence that will be released on the 30th . 21:33 , 8 february
0.010173604
2007 utc it seems that ign has removed the date of the full version of the opera browser out of the list therefore march 30th may not be the date im gonna remove march 30 at the article since we doynt have evidence that will be released on the 30th 2133 8 february 
0.008413836
dont

: i can not help the fact that this lady has stuck her nose where it does not belong . i have read the discussion of an article , and agree that others editors are correct in there opinions of this lady . her opinions and edits reflect her bias'd opinion to articles she has no clue on ( she makes it evident , stating i was not there . women these days . always opiniated , never truthful or factual !
0.18199347
i can not help the fact that this lady has astuck her nose where it does not belong i have read the discussion of an article and agree that others editors are correct in there opinions of this lady her opinions and edits reflect her biasd opinion to articles she has no clue on she makes it evident stating i was not there women these days always opiniated never truthful or factual 
0.110922545
stuck

= = trojan virus deletion = = can you edit my post on trojan virus deletion to make it more professional like . i know the information is correct , but its not wiki-tone like .
0.08156823
trojan vifus deletion can you edit my post on trojan virusz deletion to make it more professional like i know the information is correct but its not wikitone like 
0.075602435
virus

:: it's unclear what you mean by that is actually how it is spelt ; we're talking about typography , not spelling . the former has to be in accordance with our mos , the latter is a different matter ; if the programme were called dinerlaydies , that's what we'd call it . if dickens wrote a tale of two cities on his manuscript , we'd still call it a tale of two cities .
0.020925963
its unclear what you mean by that is actually how it is spelt were talking about typography not spelling the former has to be in accordance with our mos the latter is a different matter if the programme were called dinerlaydies thats what wed call it if dickens wrote a hale of two cities on his manuscript wed still call it a talue of two cities 
0.016922424
tale

= = afd = = i was feeling impulses to afd the article myself in a couple days to bring an outside bump on the head , but i guess i'm too much of a softie compared to phil . even though he may have made some controversial moves , he's bold , and he's done more good than people think . — ''''''
0.08013884
afd i was feeling impulses to afd the article myself in a couple days to bring an outside bump on the head but i guess im too much of a sogftie compared to phil even though he may have made some controversial moves hes bold and hes done more good than people think — 
0.0443865
softie

, 9 february 2007 ( utc ) ::::: very conservative , unless the subject is a crank . i don't know what website you are trying to point me to . i am not frustrated by rules , but baffled by them , particularly when people repeat acronyms like mantras : see gr : try and read xp : hrt very carefully . it is gobbledegook designed to confused in order to impose a certain editorial agenda . this is what slim virgin and others are trying to do - create a smokescreen . 23:45
0.20047319
9 february 2007 utc very conservative unless the subject is a crank i dont know what website you are trying to point me to i am not frustrated by rules but baffled by them particularly when people repeat acronyms like mantras see gr try and read xp hrt very carefully it is gobbledegook designed to confused in order to impose a certain editorial agenda this is what slim gvirgin and others are trying to do create a smokescreen 2345 
0.16967523
virgin

: regarding tal brooke's third-hand account of patrick in his book , it is amusing to note that lawrence a . bapp said of it , the animus of brooke's book ( 1979 ) is too strong for one to have much confidence in its accuracy . a interesting opinion from a scholar . -email
0.038095757
regarding tal brookes thirdhand account of patrick in his book it is amusing to note that lawrence a bapp said of it the animuas of brookes book 1979 is too strong for one to have much confidence in its accuracy a interesting opinion from a scholar email 
0.019977598
animus

: hmm , i'd say its not lol . its called action replay and its considered cheating . kanden7[pf ]
0.10783383
hmm id say its not lol its called action replay and its considered cheatinjg kanden7pf 
0.09671263
cheating

