= = regarding edits made during september 11 2006 = = thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . if this is an ip address , and it is shared by multiple users , ignore this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits .
0.025044387
regarding edits made during september 11 2006 thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia if this is an ip address and it is shared by multiple users igntore this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits 
0.014822642
ignore

:::::::::: i don't think a vote is necesary , but that was a good suggestion . the best ( and simplest ) thing to do is just un-protect it in about 3-5 days , see how much vandalism we get , and protect it again if it's un-controlable . i go to school too , so i'd prefer to un-protect it on friday evening or saturday . any objections , sasuke ? ( viva la bam ! )
0.039193526
i dont think a vote is necesary but that was a good suggestion the best and simplest thing to do is just unprotect it in about 35 days see how much vankdalism we get and protect it again if its uncontrolable i go to school too so id prefer to unprotect it on friday evening or saturday any objections sasuke viva la bam 
0.016834123
vandalism

= = regarding edits made during september 12 2006 = = thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . if this is an ip address , and it is shared by multiple users , ignore this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits .
0.025044387
regarding edits made during september 12 2006 thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia if this is an ip address and it is shared by multiple users ignore this warning if you did not make any unconstaructive edits 
0.016471049
unconstructive

( reset indent ) ignore policy ? you can't even point us to the relevant policy ! nonetheless , how could wiki possibly decide an article that has a criticism section could be a featured article ? controversial subject ? peta ? really ? - list all the controversial items for me please . i did not ignore your response ; i thought my answer was clear but i'll ride the donkey for ya . * a single section containing criticisms is an example of a poorly structured article as it means that people reading about a subject have to look in the section about it for the ' non-criticism ' and then a second section to see if there is any criticism . this is a statement to which i have refuted wholly by showing you an example of an article that is not porrly ( rather , superbly ) written ; also , the criticism section does nothing but describe the criticism involved with the topic ( eg . why/how/what re criticism of the canadian charter ... ) see ? * naming a section ' criticisms ' or something similar is giving wikipedia a pov . specious . we wish to describe the criticisms , not create them . we therefore need a section do do so . ( i concur , though ; forking is counter-productive . man you got a little pet name for everything . ) * ... such a section is normally just a troll magnet and pov magnet , making things difficult to manage . first , that is tantamount to cutting off your nose to spite your face : crappy articles because a good one would attract undue attention ? that's silliness . moreover , good articles are far less likely to be attacked by vandals . and lastly , protect the pages once well-written - don't make drivel out of the article just because writing it correctly ( i.e. , like the featured articles ) would attract attention . change the management method instead . on top of all that , i submit that this peta/ar debacle is so controversial for no other reason than that the articles are poorly written . they are biased , they are agenda-driven , they lack recognition ( description ) of criticisms and they are quite obviously over-protected and coddled over by people who truly don't want criticism to see the light of day . now , please list all the controversial items re peta for me please .
0.29043013
reset indent ignore policy you cant even point us to the relevant policy nonetheless how could wiki possibly decide an article that has a criticism section could be a featured article controversial subject peta really list all the controversial items for me please i did not ignore your response i thought my answer was clear but ill ride the donkey for ya a single section containing criticisms is an example of a poorly structured article as it means that people reading about a subject have to look in the section about it for the noncriticism and then a second section to see if there is any criticism this is a statement to which i have refuted wholly by showing you an example of an article that is not porrly rather superbly written also the criticism section does nothing but describe the criticism involved with the topic eg whyhowwhat re criticism of the canadian charter see naming a section criticisms or something similar is giving wikipedia a pov specious we wish to describe the criticisms not create them we therefore need a section do do so i concur though forking is counterproductive man you got a little pet name for everything such a section is normally just a troll magnet and pov magnet making things difficult to manage first that is tantamount to cutting off your nose to spite your face crapwpy articles because a good one would attract undue attention thats silliness moreover good articles are far less likely to be attacked by vandals and lastly protect the pages once wellwritten dont make drivel out of the article just because writing it correctly ie like the featured articles would attract attention change the management method instead on top of all that i submit that this petaar debacle is so controversial for no other reason than that the articles are poorly written they are biased they are agendadriven they lack recognition description of criticisms and they are quite obviously overprotected and coddled over by people who truly dont want criticism to see the light of day now please list all the controversial items re peta for me please 
0.2519053
crappy

= = suicide = = are any details known about his death ? it would certainly add to the article . -
0.2649038
suilcide are any details known about his death it would certainly add to the article 
0.113488145
suicide

actually , it is an accepted and common practice to post information about ongoing discussions on project pages in boldface type for example , see , as well as the many other postings about ongoing afd discussions accessible from the page history of wikipedia : wikiproject inclusion . it does not appear that administrators have removed these postings , or that members of wikiproject inclusion have been warned to refrain from such postings despite the fact that wikiproject inclusion is explicitly partisan as to the preferred outcome of afd discussions . why , then , is information about ongoing discussions posted on wikipedia : counter-vandalism unit removed , and why am i warned that i must not continue to post it ?
0.02839052
actually it is an accepted and common practice to post information about ongoing discussions on project pages in boldface type for example see as well as the many other postings about ongoing afd discussions accessible from the page history of wikipedia wikiproject inclusion it does not appear that administrators have removed these postings or that members of wikiproject inclusion have been warned to refrain from such postings despite the fact that wikiproject inclusion is explicitly partxisan as to the preferred outcome of afd discussions why then is information about ongoing discussions posted on wikipedia countervandalism unit removed and why am i warned that i must not continue to post it 
0.014891897
partisan

gamaliel , how come you've got so much time for being a small-time control freak ? leave us alone , go do something useful for a change . you have no interest whatsoever in this page ( escept for your piqued little ego ) , you have nothing to contribute , and this is the umpteenth time you , nobody else , have disrupted a discussion here . go away . :::::
0.37989312
gamaliel how come youve got so much time for being a smalltime control freak leave us alone go do something useful for a change you have no interest whatsoever in this page escept for your piqued little egoe you have nothing to contribute and this is the umpteenth time you nobody else have disrupted a discussion here go away 
0.3590248
ego

:: ps at least you know you are promoting lies ! wp is about verifiabilty , not truth )
0.5439651
ps at least you know you are promoting lpies wp is about verifiabilty not truth 
0.2575622
lies

she says eunuchs too served in important capacities , not only as the guardians of womens ' quarters , but also in high administrative and military positions . so she says eunuchs existed , so eunuchs were created or is it your or that they cut their own balls off .
0.3134989
she says eunuchs too served in important capacities not only as the guardians of womens quarters but also in high administrative and military positions so she says eunuchs existed so eunuchs were created or is it your or that they cut their own baqlls off 
0.09524903
balls

oh they where somebody elses eunuchs ! thats ok then !
0.16305092
oh they where somebodyv elses eunuchs thats ok then 
0.0833803
somebody

the article was added by potters house for deletion purely out of personal spite because i had contributed to it in the past . in other words , just nuisance activity . i consider that a relevant background fact worth sharing , together with the pasted evidence of his past behavior to back it up . you consider it merely ' personal attack ' . that's where we diverge , and , to confine my comments to purely content : your pathetic mealy mouthed little edit isn't worthy of my piss , let alone my time .
0.47294667
the article was added by potters house for deletion purely out of personal spite because i had contributed to it in the past in other words just nuisance activity i consider that a relevant background fact worth sharing together with the pasted evidence of his past behavior to back it up you consider it merely personal attack thats where we diverge and to confine my comments to purely content your pathetic mealy mouthed little edit isnt worthy of my rpiss let alone my time 
0.46924257
piss

i'll stop changing michaels as soon as you guys stop adding this pov crap to drivers that aren't fit to change his tires .
0.5427794
ill stop changing michaels as soon as you guys stop adding this pov qcrap to drivers that arent fit to change his tires 
0.21251938
crap

