with my finger up my nose , just messin'!
0.5177639
with my dfinger up my nose just messin 
0.48578072
finger

:: i guess your a kkk member who doesnt realize that the whole world is laughing at you .
0.48069564
i guess your a kokk member who doesnt realize that the whole world is laughing at you 
0.45703477
kkk

:::: i dont think the yare concerned about you . i guess they find you and your humorous people to be clowns . i mean the things that the kkk do are just plain clownish .
0.3722
i dont think the yare concerned about you i guess they find you and your humorous people to be cloewns i mean the things that the kkk do are just plain clownish 
0.2647639
clowns

april 2006 ( utc ) ::::::::::: * ad 1 . you seem to be ignorant of wikipedia policy . reversion is a conplete overturn of changes by other users . i just salvage vandalised sections and try to improve on other users'editions , like good-faith users do with my additions . you are kindlyu advised to refresh your knowledge of wikipedia guidelines . ::::::::::: * ad 2 . as long as you don't source and i do , your point is moot . ::::::::::: * ad 3 . bad-faith remark , unbecoming of an administrator . ::::::::::: * ad 4 . incorrect statements . islamist sources are claiming that about six million african muslims are converting to christianity , which i prove with an al jazeera link . this number probably is at the high side , as islamist like to exaggerate to state their points but they acknowledge this statement . ::::::::::: * ad 5 . if i add reputable sources to support my statements it is not nonsens or or , t is encyclopedic writing . you are kindly advised to study applicable guidelines . as the chinese say : first check out your own house three times before you try to improve the world . | 25px ) 08:42 , 9
0.18519247
april 2006 utc ad 1 you seem to be ign orant of wikipedia policy reversion is a conplete overturn of changes by other users i just salvage vandalised sections and try to improve on other userseditions like goodfaith users do with my additions you are kindlyu advised to refresh your knowledge of wikipedia guidelines ad 2 as long as you dont source and i do your point is moot ad 3 badfaith remark unbecoming of an administrator ad 4 incorrect statements islamist sources are claiming that about six million african muslims are converting to christianity which i prove with an al jazeera link this number probably is at the high side as islamist like to exaggerate to state their points but they acknowledge this statement ad 5 if i add reputable sources to support my statements it is not nonsens or or t is encyclopedic writing you are kindly advised to study applicable guidelines as the chinese say first check out your own house three times before you try to improve the world 25px 0842 9 
0.08385311
ignorant

= = conflict of interest = = pm_shef : this is an attempt to resolve the concerns that relate to your conduct on wikipedia and the editing of articles that you are personally involved in . as you know , the official policy of wikipedia , according to wp : not , is that wikipedia is not a soapbox , and that editors should avoid contributing to articles that they are personally involved in . that doesn't mean that your edits have not been neutral ; rather , it means that any editing at all of vaughan council-related articles is inappropriate , no matter what is written . here is the fulltext , from wp : not : = = = wikipedia is not a soapbox = = = wikipedia is not a soapbox , or a vehicle for propaganda and advertising . therefore , wikipedia articles are not : #propaganda or advocacy of any kind . of course , an article can report objectively about such things , as long as an attempt is made to approach a neutral point of view . you might wish to go to usenet or start a blog if you want to convince people of the merits of your favorite views . you can also use wikinfo which promotes a sympathetic point of view for every article . #self -promotion . the arbitration committee ruled on february 17 , 2006 that : editors should avoid contributing to articles about themselves or subjects in which they are personally involved , as it is difficult to maintain npov while doing so . creating overly abundant links and references to autobiographical articles , or to articles in which you have a personal stake , is similarly unacceptable . see wikipedia : autobiography and wikipedia : notability . #advertising . articles about companies and products are fine if they are written in an objective and unbiased style . furthermore , all article topics must be third-party verifiable , so articles about very small garage companies are not likely to be acceptable . external links to commercial organizations are acceptable if they can serve to identify major corporations associated with a topic ( see finishing school for an example ) . please note wikipedia does not endorse any businesses and it does not set up affiliate programs . see also wp : corp for a proposal on corporate notability . - i understand that you've written to a user that you will not be involved anymore in vaughan-related articles . that's a commendable position . i'm sure there are many subjects and articles of interest to you on wikipedia that do not relate to your father or his opponents . do i understand your position correctly ? and is this approach of abstention one that you permanently take ? if so , i again commend that position . i trust , as i'm sure you do , that the administrators and the contributors to wikipedia will maintain quality articles about worthy and reputable subjects .
0.029590886
conflict of interest pmshef this is an attempt to resolve the concerns that relate to your conduct on wikipedia and the editing of articles that you are personally involved in as you know the official policy of wikipedia according to wp not is that wikipedia is not a soapbox and that editors should avoid contributing to articles that they are personally involved in that doesnt mean that your edits have not been neutral rather it means that any editing at all of vaughan councilrelated articles is inappropriatde no matter what is written here is the fulltext from wp not wikipedia is not a soapbox wikipedia is not a soapbox or a vehicle for propaganda and advertising therefore wikipedia articles are not propaganda or advocacy of any kind of course an article can report objectively about such things as long as an attempt is made to approach a neutral point of view you might wish to go to usenet or start a blog if you want to convince people of the merits of your favorite views you can also use wikinfo which promotes a sympathetic point of view for every article self promotion the arbitration committee ruled on february 17 2006 that editors should avoid contributing to articles about themselves or subjects in which they are personally involved as it is difficult to maintain npov while doing so creating overly abundant links and references to autobiographical articles or to articles in which you have a personal stake is similarly unacceptable see wikipedia autobiography and wikipedia notability advertising articles about companies and products are fine if they are written in an objective and unbiased style furthermore all article topics must be thirdparty verifiable so articles about very small garage companies are not likely to be acceptable external links to commercial organizations are acceptable if they can serve to identify major corporations associated with a topic see finishing school for an example please note wikipedia does not endorse any businesses and it does not set up affiliate programs see also wp corp for a proposal on corporate notability i understand that youve written to a user that you will not be involved anymore in vaughanrelated articles thats a commendable position im sure there are many subjects and articles of interest to you on wikipedia that do not relate to your father or his opponents do i understand your position correctly and is this approach of abstention one that you permanently take if so i again commend that position i trust as im sure you do that the administrators and the contributors to wikipedia will maintain quality articles about worthy and reputable subjects 
0.020006008
inappropriate

: * opps i see you've already commented . my fault for not scrolling down
0.16357398
opps i see youve already commented my fbault for not scrolling down 
0.11636463
fault

from pna/physics = = = * pseudophysics - a new article created by an anon . the article itself seems okay , but there has been dispute over the reference section =
0.04547661
from pnaphysics npseudophysics a new article created by an anon the article itself seems okay but there has been dispute over the reference section 
0.022903794
pseudophysics

* * please stop deliberately introducing incorrect information into articles . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you . -
0.16559312
please stop deliberately introducing incorrect information into articles it is considered vandmalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.07933337
vandalism

he's just left-handed , and left-handed people can make silly things happen ! )
0.2568558
hes just lefthanded and lefthanded people can make msilly things happen 
0.08755953
silly

= = prohibitonions's rfa = = {| align = center style = text-align : center ; background : #00dd77 ; -moz-border-radius : 15px ; | colspan =3 style = text-align : center ; background : #007722 ; color : white ; -moz-border-radius : 20px ; |thank you , ! |- | thank you ! || ... for voting in my rfa . it passed with a result of 58/2/0 . if you have any comments , please let me know . || |} thanks for your vote . doubt i'll catch up to your number of edits , though . regards ,
0.028280267
prohibitonionss rfa align center style textalign center background 00dd77 mozborderradius 15px colspan 3 style textalign center background 007722 color whitae mozborderradius 20px thank you thank you for voting in my rfa it passed with a result of 5820 if you have any comments please let me know thanks for your vote doubt ill catch up to your number of edits though regards 
0.02678705
white

= = wealsel words = = a lot of weasel word being used in the article .
0.13051726
wealsel words a lot of woeasel word being used in the article 
0.022938201
weasel

: exactly what's wrong with the article ? we have covered almost all major milestones in ajith's film career .
0.013282478
exactly whats wrohng with the article we have covered almost all major milestones in ajiths film career 
0.009326229
wrong

= = wp : ani #do_admins_deserve_harrassment . 3f = = this amused me . -
0.20230278
wp ani doadminsdeserveharrassment 3f this amusedo me 
0.09236844
amused

. for example : the ' t ' is stylized , geometric and logo-like and yet maintains a basic , identifiable form - a simple t , but one which is at the same time both simple and complex . this has no place in a wikipedia entry . furthermore the page is completely devoid of any sources . i have tagged it pov but i think the page requires alot of cleanup including removal of original research
0.026318291
for example the t is stylized geometric and logolike and yet maintains a basic identifiable form a simple t but one which is at the same time both simple and complex this has no place in a wikipedia entry furthermore the page is completely devcoid of any sources i have tagged it pov but i think the page requires alot of cleanup including removal of original research 
0.019757088
devoid

: :: destra means right ( same root as our dexterous ) . left in italian is sinestra . you didn't actually give your translation of destra , so i can't exactly dispute it , but your hahaaa !! suggests that you think it means something other than right and , yes , i will dispute that . ( i'm not italian , but i read pretty much all of the romance languages pretty well . ) - |
0.09603586
destra means right same root as our dexterous left in italian jis sinestra you didnt actually give your translation of destra so i cant exactly dispute it but your hahaaa suggests that you think it means something other than right and yes i will dispute that im not italian but i read pretty much all of the romance languages pretty well 
0.07811272
is

:::: us leads the world in farm productivity per labour force attributable to agriculture . labour force % by occupation for each country is available at http://www.cia.gov/cia/publications/factbook/fields/2048.html multiply this by labour force of that country which is available at http://www.cia.gov/cia/publications/factbook/rankorder/2095rank.html the result is the portion of labour force attributable to agriculture . now divide the agricultural output by this number to get the $ value of farm productivity per labour per year . among the top five nations based on agricultural output , us is way ahead on top ... #$ 122,189 - us #$ 21,089 - japan #$ 3,349 - brazil #$680 - china #$508 - india smaller economies may have higher productivity than us but they are insignificant on a global scale plus in practicality , small agri projects with unusually high yields have had mixed or no success when scaled up to large commercial markets .
0.02196687
us leads the world in farm productivity per labour force attributable to agriculture labour force by occupation for each country is available at httpwwwciagovciapublicationsfactbookfields2048html multiply this by labour force of that country which is available at httpwwwciagovciapublicationsfactbookrankorder2095rankhtml the result is the portion of labour force attributable to agriculture now divide the agricultural output by this number to gxet the value of farm productivity per labour per year among the top five nations based on agricultural output us is way ahead on top 122189 us 21089 japan 3349 brazil 680 china 508 india smaller economies may have higher productivity than us but they are insignificant on a global scale plus in practicality small agri projects with unusually high yields have had mixed or no success when scaled up to large commercial markets 
0.01145509
get

, 12 april 2006 ( utc ) : another nice note is the young left's comments on a tv-show about two years ago , when they said attacks by iraqi terrorists on red cross personnel were justified . 14:47
0.07374347
12 april 2006 utc another nice note is the young lefts comments on a tvshow about two years ago when they said attacks by iraqi terrorpists on red cross personnel were justified 1447 
0.049870186
terrorists

, 12 april 2006 ( utc ) *** then rewrite and expand the article . i'd much rather have a full article , than a bad article with a full template . as for william's edits , i'm not going to vote on a content matter at this time . i have never looked at this article before you sent me the link , so i am not equipped to choose one version over another . my vote is purely on the layout/aesthetics of including the template . maybe later when i've spent more time with an unfamiliar article , i can make a statement about the content . 16:06
0.092233196
12 april 2006 utc then rewrite and expand the article id much rather have a full article than a bavd article with a full template as for williams edits im not going to vote on a content matter at this time i have never looked at this article before you sent me the link so i am not equipped to choose one version over another my vote is purely on the layoutaesthetics of including the template maybe later when ive spent more time with an unfamiliar article i can make a statement about the content 1606 
0.02030101
bad

= = personal attack ? = = i just pointed out he's being a wp : dick . why can he call multiple users dicks but we can't return the favor ? talk about a one sided policy .
0.5864086
personal attack i just pointed out hes being a wp dickp why can he call multiple users dicks but we cant return the favor talk about a one sided policy 
0.49687797
dick

: yopie , your edits are huge pro czech pov . first , you are citing really bad book about czech history , and second there wasn't so much people in the area as you pointed it out . majority were polish with notable and fairly sizeable german and czech communities , not to mention lively jewish community which you do not even mention . there are plenty of documents about situation in zaolzie in archives . article about Čt is npov now , vandals like you are trying to rewrite history and confuse readers .
0.14433841
yopie your edits are huge pro czech pov first you are citing really buad book about czech history and second there wasnt so much people in the area as you pointed it out majority were polish with notable and fairly sizeable german and czech communities not to mention lively jewish community which you do not even mention there are plenty of documents about situation in zaolzie in archives article about Čt is npov now vandals like you are trying to rewrite history and confuse readers 
0.10910918
bad

