= = what now ? = = upon further listen one may begin to hold quite a fondness for their decided departure . was extremely pov , so i cut it out . actually the whole article is pretty bad and apparently nothing came out of the peer review . someone needs to at least work with the opener . don't look at me though , i definitely don't have enough time to spend on this and this alone .
0.10714422
what now upon further listen one may begin to hold quite a fondness for their decided departure was extremely pov so i cut it out actually the whole article is pretty badg and apparently nothing came out of the peer review someone needs to at least work with the opener dont look at me though i definitely dont have enough time to spend on this and this alone 
0.079694346
bad

:::::: oh no , pasteur was not a creationist according to who ? a evolutionist site ? lol ... you are so lame . do u no what a well-known scientist is someone who has made science greater . galileo's telescope . saint isaac newton's gravity . pasteur's pasteurization .. what has gould done 4 science except for promovin a theory ? ( evolution is just a theory , unluckily 4 u it hasn't been proven right ever )
0.33207673
oh no pasteur was not a creationist according to who a evolutionist site lol you are so lamet do u no what a wellknown scientist is someone who has made science greater galileos telescope saint isaac newtons gravity pasteurs pasteurization what has gould done 4 science except for promovin a theory evolution is just a theory unluckily 4 u it hasnt been proven right ever 
0.1066788
lame

also , my compromises seem to have gone unappreciated , the withholding of the mention of the official shaolin website , the refraining from building a database of the institutions supporting the majority ( and official ) pov , refraining from mentioning bbc because the other editor felt it was not proper and letting the specialists line stay undisputed for now ....... and so on . the outrage is on issues of calling a diverse art generic ??? and saying that the british helped thewarrior sect by killing or overtaking their patrons ??? surprising .
0.053912167
also my compromises seem to have gone unappreciated the withholding of the mention of the official shaolin website the refraining from building a database of the institutions supporting the majority and official pov refraining from mentioning bbc because the other editor felt it was not proper and letting the specialists line stay undisputed for now and so on the outrage is on issues of calling a diverse art generic and saying that the british helped thewarrior sect by killivng or overtaking their patrons surprising 
0.014130383
killing

= = now y can leader the china pigs , taiwan not needchian pigs . = =
0.8011609
now y can leader the china pigis taiwan not needchian pivgs 
0.25050357
pigs

acronym as the main article title ? i just came across ' ramatkal ' . i think that this is a ridiculous and disrespectful title of an article . look at the naming convention of chief of staff of the united states army or chairman of the joint chiefs of staff . i suggest moving this article to chief of the general staff ( israel defense forces ) or chief of the general staff of the israel defense forces . crossposted to wikipedia talk : naming conventions ( hebrew )
0.23270501
acronym as the main article title i just came across ramatkal i think that this is a ridinculous and disrespectful title of an article look at the naming convention of chief of staff of the united states army or chairman of the joint chiefs of staff i suggest moving this article to chief of the general staff israel defense forces or chief of the general staff of the israel defense forces crossposted to wikipedia talk naming conventions hebrew 
0.071841456
ridiculous

to aeusoes1 - your user page indicates that you are a native speaker of english , and a 24-year-old in california who has a ba in english from fresno state . it is very presumptuous for any person to deem himself qualified to rewrite an article on the phonology of a language which he does not speak . i am a fluent speaker of hawaiian , and a long-time resident of hawaii with a phd in linguistics . i reverted your edits because i am in a position to know that they were not good , in spite of your high opinion of your own edits . yours were very major edits , not minor ones . fixing the damage you did was best accomplished by simply undoing it in one step . your threat , do not revert my edits , is contrary to wikipedia policies . it is not your place to proclaim that i cannot disagree with your edits . i encouraged you to discuss your ideas for improvement , in advance , in the talk section created for that purpose . when you are specifically so encouraged , you should pay attention . i am the originator of , and major contributor to , the hawaiian phonology article . that is a fact which you need to heed , because when certain disputes occur , wikipedia defers to an article's originator or major contributor . the ipa notice you added did not damage the article , but the rest of your edits did .
0.10493179
to aeusoes1 your user page indicates that you are a native speaker of english and a 24yearold in california who has a ba in english from fresno state it is very presumptuous for any person to deem himself qualified to rewrite an article on the phonology of a language which he does not speak i am a fluent speaker of hawaiian and a longtime resident of hawaii with a phd in linguistics i reverted your edits because i am in a position to know that they were not good in spite of your high opinion of your own edits yours were very major edits not minor ones fixing the damage you did was best accomplished by simply undoing it in one step your thrreat do not revert my edits is contrary to wikipedia policies it is not your place to proclaim that i cannot disagree with your edits i encouraged you to discuss your ideas for improvement in advance in the talk section created for that purpose when you are specifically so encouraged you should pay attention i am the originator of and major contributor to the hawaiian phonology article that is a fact which you need to heed because when certain disputes occur wikipedia defers to an articles originator or major contributor the ipa notice you added did not damage the article but the rest of your edits did 
0.099484466
threat

:: do you know the location of the laceration in a jewish circ ?
0.31982836
do you know the location of the laceration in a jewish cirwc 
0.25410348
circ

it should be added so the people know the difference between the two versions , which may be unclear to someone who is not aware of the special edition . aswell as people who are buying the game as a gift . also it's interesting .
0.009349117
it should be added so the people know the difference between the two versions which may be unclear to someone who isa not aware of the special edition aswell as people who are buying the game as a gift also its interesting 
0.008908629
is

= = edit warring = = please don't edit war . see the [[ wp : 3rr|three revert rule ] . in general , in is preferable that there not be any external links in the body of the article , and cited information should not be removed . thanks .
0.04082659
edit wavrring please dont edit war see the wp 3rrthree revert rule in general in is preferable that there not be any external links in the body of the article and cited information should not be removed thanks 
0.03087364
warring

