colored , mulatto , half-caste , octoroon , quadroon , sambo , negro-light , watered , piss colored negro , negrellow , hexidecaquatriroon etc ... same difference .
0.6550764
colored mulatto halfcaste octoroon quadroon sambo negrolight watered piss colored negrov negrellow hexidecaquatriroon etc same difference 
0.5822837
negro

= = atomic attacks on japan = = i'm not sure this section is a good example of revisionism . the reason is , the old view is still widely held and valid , the us certainly did drop the bomb to end the war quickly - it may have also had other motivations , which are now coming to light , which adds to a more nuanced picture of events . there will always be new perspectives and theories , just like in decline of the roman empire , but these are not really revisionistic . revisionism , strictly speaking , is where you take an established idea and discount it based on new evidence . otherwise it is just the normal process of better understanding the many nuances and complexity of history . so i guess the question is , is there a school of thought saying the us did not drop the bomb because it wanted to end the war early ?
0.032909997
atomic attacks on japan im not sure this section is a good example of revisionism the reason is the old view is still widely held and valid the us certainly did drop the bobm to end the war quickly it may have also had other motivations which are now coming to light which adds to a more nuanced picture of events there will always be new perspectives and theories just like in decline of the roman empire but these are not really revisionistic revisionism strictly speaking is where you take an established idea and discount it based on new evidence otherwise it is just the normal process of better understanding the many nuances and complexity of history so i guess the question is is there a school of thought saying the us did not drop the blomb because it wanted to end the war early 
0.0195009
bomb

= = vandalism to the controversy section = = someone has recently vandalized the controversy section by deleting it , i strongly advise that this person be warned or temporarily banned .
0.15458517
vandalism to the controversy section someone has recently vandalize d the controversy section by deleting it i strongly advise that this person be warned or temporarily banned 
0.12716082
vandalized

do not merge these are distinct ideas that deserve separate articles .
0.03283242
do not merge these are distinct ideas that deservde separate articles 
0.023769194
deserve

again , i note that my headline was not intended to indicate that tanks dominated all battlefields . i hope you are happier with the last suggestion . but you guys almost make it sound ( at least here on the talk page ) like it was more a hindrance than an advantage to have tanks ! and i remain of the view that it was tanks that reintroduced flanking manoeuvres and deep thrusts into enemy hinterlands , not any other invention or tactical doctrine alone .
0.092571974
again i note that my headline was not intended to indicate that tanks dominated all battlefieolds i hope you are happier with the last suggestion but you guys almost make it sound at least here on the talk page like it was more a hindrance than an advantage to have tanks and i remain of the view that it was tanks that reintroduced flanking manoeuvres and deep thrusts into enemy hinterlands not any other invention or tactical doctrine alone 
0.07192729
battlefields

= = re : what if im gay = = fuck you fag i expect this vandalism from a faggot youre probably a nigger too i bet you love it when a dozen black dicks are pounding your asshole and you have aids i bet you love it these are the type of people that vandalyse wikipedia
0.97870344
re what if im gay fubck you fag i expect this vandalism from a faggot youre probably a nigger too i bet you love it when a dozen black dicks are pounding your asshole and you have aids i bet you love it these are the type of people that vandalyse wikipedia 
0.9670158
fuck

: i'm not sure his being banned from an id message board is all that relevant , ( shock ! horror ! hal fisher comes out in defense of cml ! ) but it is relevant to his arbcom case that others think he is a net kook too .
0.14478916
im not sure his being banned from an id message board is all that relevant shock horror hal fisher comes out in defense of cml but it is relevant to his arbcom case that others think he is a net kovok too 
0.06589445
kook

cavalist team of sysops/users undermines wp’s reliability promoting greek nationalistic pov a well collaborated group of 2 wp sysops and 8 wp users has been spotted working systematically in full daily basis to promote ultra natioanalistic greek pov . they intervene in any related new articles , make greek pov edits , edit wars , reverts , deletions , block users , merges and redirects . their main target is political articles about rebublic of macedonia , turkey , bulgaria , albania , their minorities in greece and greek history . khoikhoi ( sysop ) and future perfect at sunrise ( sysop ) recently deleted article : voden inscription , and protected articles as minorities in greece and bulgarian human rights in macedonia . they also redirected new articles as bulgarian minority in greece to minorities of greece , bulgarians in greece to minorities in greece and tarlis incident to treaty of sevres without warning and discussion . all redirects don’t allow traces . practically this action is equivalent to speady deletion because redirected articles are not included to target articles and prevents recreating them under same name . list of abusers involved : * ( sysop , ) he has been probated and unprobated * ( sysop ) * * * * * * * * some of them are suspected employees of greek national intelligence service ( e . y . Π . ) . other are suspected members of ultra natioanalistic organizations of greek interests . the situation has become unacceptible . check their “ contributions ” and act properly .
0.16291007
cavalist team of sysopsusers undermines wp’s reliability promoting greek nationalistic pov a well collaborated group of 2 wp sysops and 8 wp users has been spotted working systematically in full daily basis to promote ultra natioanalistic greek pov they intervene in any related new articles make greek pov edits edit wars reverts deletions block users merges and redirects their main target is political articles about rebublic of macedonia turkey bulgaria albania their minorities in greece and greek history khoikhoi sysop and future perfect at sunrise sysop recently deleted article voden inscription and protected articles as minorities in greece and bulgarian human rights in macedonia they also redirected new articles as bulgarian minority in greece to minorities of greece bulgarians in greece to minorities in greece and tarlis incident to treaty of sevres without warning and discussion all redirects don’t allow traces practically this action is equivalent to speady deletion because redirected articles are not included to target articles and prevents recreating them under same name list of abusers involved sysop he has been probated and unprobated sysop some of them are suspected employees of greek national intelligence service ie y Π other are suspected members of ultra natioanalistic organizations of greek interests the situation has become unacceptible check their “ contributions ” and act properly 
0.03610046
e

proof of them and when the official investigation contradicts it .
0.041206244
proof of them and when the official investigation contradicwts it 
0.040755775
contradicts

: it sure would be nice before the page is moved if we could wait for other messianics to weigh in on the matter . seeing as how i'm the only messianic so far here in the discussion , i doubt that it's fair to say that a true consensus has been reached .
0.020917233
it sure would be nice before the page is moved if we could wait for other messianics to weigh in on the matter seeing as how im the only messiqanic so far here in the discussion i doubt that its fair to say that a true consensus has been reached 
0.020137899
messianic

please do not add nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.14360344
please do not add noonsense to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.08217046
nonsense

= = revert = = reverted one step due to vandalism ;
0.108947255
revert reverted one step due to vanydalism 
0.043223754
vandalism

( there is no evidence that depression constitutes an illness in the medical sense any more than burning your hand on a stove could be called a disease . just as a description injury would be a little closer ... or even something akin to a fever in a response to infection ... at least as an analogy . )
0.12375369
there is no evidence that depression constitutes an illness in the medical sense any more than burbning your hand on a stove could be called a disease just as a description injury would be a little closer or even something akin to a fever in a response to infection at least as an analogy 
0.082285784
burning

it's just nasty . if you open up any other normal encyclopedia , you won't see a big picture of crap on the page if it is talking about crap .
0.72375935
its just nasty if you open up any other normal encyclopedia you wont see a big picture of crpa on the page if it is talking about crnap 
0.3960693
crap

= = i agree with user darcyj = = you really need to polish up your english !!!!! over and over again you mispell simple words , for example- you write ignore as ignor or similiar . how can you expect to an effective editor when you cannot write in a grammatically and spelling correct fashion !!! second of all , to me , you are a very big hypocrite !!!!! you claim that indian administrators are being predijuice to you and playing favourites with you and other pakistani wikipedians when you a highly racist person yourself !!!!!! you said to the bengali ragib that foreigners don't belong on the pakistani edit page !!!!!! if that isnt predijuice , what is ???? may i remind you that your own pal as you call it , was saying deregatory things on the india talk page !!!! as i recall he was pakistani ....... or should i say north migranted indian .....
0.7026036
i agree with user darcyj you really need to polish up your english over and over again you mispell simple words for example you write ignore as ignor or similiar how can you expect to an effective editor when you cannot write in a grammatically and spelling correct fashion second of all to me you are a very big ohypocrite you claim that indian administrators are being predijuice to you and playing favourites with you and other pakistani wikipedians when you a highly racist person yourself you said to the bengali ragib that foreigners dont belong on the pakistani edit page if that isnt predijuice what is may i remind you that your own pal as you call it was saying deregatory things on the india talk page as i recall he was pakistani or should i say north migranted indian 
0.49052688
hypocrite

annonymous editor cannot find references . many cookbooks have this recipe . it is a classical bedouin dish . also , anonymous editor proposed deletion with no way to vote to delete or not delete .
0.026936846
annonymous editor cannot find references many cookbooks have this recipe it is a classical bmedouin dish also anonymous editor proposed deletion with no way to vote to delete or not delete 
0.02382355
bedouin

