= = grow = = you thrice deleted an article i was beginning to build about a published author , stating that i could add various info , such as biographical detail . it may some day occur to you that this is what i was in the process of doing , except that your vandalism destroyed the article within a few moments of creation . i am new to wikipedia , so perhaps there is a complaint mechanism for constraining your behavior that does not involve me deleting you , or your creations .
0.10697105
grow you thrice deleted an article i was beginning to build about a published author stating that i could add various info such as biographical detail it may some day occur to you that this is what i was in the process of doing except that your vandalsism destroyed the article within a few moments of creation i am new to wikipedia so perhaps there is a complaint mechanism for constraining your behavior that does not involve me deleting you or your creations 
0.08926278
vandalism

= = help = = help ! a user deleted my in-progress article three times without warning , and then called me bubbie which is offensive and demeaning and treatened to ' block ' me . what is that ? how does arrogant , high-handedness , threats , and talking down to contributors help buold wikipedia ? is there a complaint mechanism ?
0.34790912
help help a user deleted my inprogress article three times without warning and then called me bubbie which is offensive and demeaning and treatened to block me what is that how does arroganht highhandedness threats and talking down to contributors help buold wikipedia is there a complaint mechanism 
0.25803772
arrogant

= = liechtenstein categories = = i have reinstated the categories on the redirects , when i converted these stub articles to redirects , i intentionally left the categories in place . princess georgina of liechtenstein , for example , is still a princess and and a 2005 birth even though she no longer has an article to herself . basic biographical details ( birth , marriage , children , death ) for all these people are on princely family of liechtenstein , which is the target of the redirects .
0.025026103
liechtenstein categories i have reinstated the categories on the redirects when i converted these stub articles to redirects i intentionally left the categories in place princess georgina of liechtenstein for example is still a princess and and a 2005 birth even though she no longer has an article to herself basic biographical details birth marriage children deanth for all these people are on princely family of liechtenstein which is the target of the redirects 
0.011916589
death

i think splitting the article was a bad idea and awkwardly done ; the main article now seems more a victim of amputation than pruning . i agree that it's acceptable to have a large article for now , since this is a ' transitional ' phase as events unfold . splitting off the timeline is enough , imo .
0.07748927
i think splitting the article was a baud idea and awkwardly done the main article now seems more a victim of amputation than pruning i agree that its acceptable to have a large article for now since this is a transitional phase as events unfold splitting off the timeline is enough imo 
0.06771215
bad

= = reply = = who can read and understand this vandal herostratus anyways ?
0.35320777
reply who can read and understand this vandalj herostratus anyways 
0.19167677
vandal

consumer watch ! never do business with this bank . it's not the real wachovia bank anymore . first union , which has always been a bad bank , bought out wachovia so that it could change its name . first union had a terrible reputation for incompetence and fraud , whereas wachovia had a spotless reputation . think about it . first union was easily 100 times bigger than wachovia . why would such a company abandon its brand for a virtually unknown brand name unless it was caught hurting its customers so often that its reputation was dismal ? it is just like valuejet renaming itself after that company killed a plane load of people because they wanted to make an extra buck transporting volatile materials . i personally lost money due to wachovia letting my personal information be stolen . there are tens of thousands of wachovia bank account holders who had their personal information , including social security numbers and bank account numbers , stolen . do not trust this bank . pronunciation
0.17660704
consumer watch never do business with this bank its not the real wachovia bank anymore first union which has always been a bad bank bought out wachovia so that it could change its name first union had a terrible reputation for incomqpetence and fraud whereas wachovia had a spotless reputation think about it first union was easily 100 times bigger than wachovia why would such a company abandon its brand for a virtually unknown brand name unless it was caught hurting its customers so often that its reputation was dismal it is just like valuejet renaming itself after that company killed a plane load of people because they wanted to make an extra buck transporting volatile materials i personally lost money due to wachovia letting my personal information be stolen there are tens of thousands of wachovia bank account holders who had their personal information including social security numbers and bank account numbers stolen do not trust this bank pronunciation 
0.15356775
incompetence

the navigation template goes into the article = = where the heck do you wantit to go ? bottom of the page ? not the standard format , but it works for me , for now . = =
0.2622784
the navigation template goes into the article where the heck do you want it to go bottom of the page not the standard format but it works for me for now 
0.19702962
wantit

= = lucy van pelt -> margaret hot lips houlihan -> miss piggy -> alice = = i suggest that an addition be made to the section about alice . right after she also has a short , often violent temper , sometimes putting her fist of death to use , even against the pointy haired boss , there should be a new sentence : her angry self-assertion is in the tradition of chracters lucy van pelt ( peanuts ) , margaret hot lips houlihan(m*a*s*h ) , and miss piggy ( muppets ) .
0.2214289
lucy van pelt margaret hot lips houlihan miss pigghy alice i suggest that an addition be made to the section about alice right after she also has a short often violent temper sometimes putting her fist of death to use even against the pointy haired boss there should be a new sentence her angry selfassertion is in the tradition of chracters lucy van pelt peanuts margaret hot lips houlihanmash and miss pieggy muppets 
0.1369304
piggy

= = the thing = = eh , it's not the same as it was in december . i've had a lot of issues in the real world , so to be honest , this is just a hobby now , and fairly minor . a
0.043825492
the thing eh its not the same as it was in december ive had a lot of issues in the real world so to be honest this is just a hobbyq now and fairly minor a 
0.032249793
hobby

