yes , my name is scooter .
0.04843363
yes my name ics scooter 
0.02088618
is

= = i apologize = = i've been having a bad few days , some really bad stuff has been happening to me lately . so i'm sorry for personally attacking me . but will you please stop featuring me as a troll as you call it . i know what i did was wrong but i don't deserve to be belittled like that . i know that you told el c to block me , but i'm okay with it because like i said , i was being a loser . but also i've been having a few bad days , just so you know .
0.33694455
i apologize ive been having a bad few days some really bad stuff has been happening to me lately so im sorry for personally attacking me but will you please stop featuring me as a trollk as you call it i know what i did was wrong but i dont deserve to be belittled like that i know that you told el c to block me but im okay with it because like i said i was being a loser but also ive been having a few bad days just so you know 
0.23954786
troll

okay thanks for fixing the troll stuff that i have looked at . also i want to ask ... he has since apologized . i was actually impressed by his apology , why were you impressed i'm just wondering ?
0.09854482
okay thanks for fixing the tro ll stuff that i have looked at also i want to ask he has since apologized i was actually impressed by his apology why were you impressed im just wondering 
0.038690343
troll

, or else i'll cure your virginity from the wrong hole
0.74326473
or else ill cure your virgionity from the wrong hole 
0.5763888
virginity

= = moving deep ellum = = hi , and thanks for you work on the dallas , texas neighborhoods . i do disagree with your move of deep ellum to deep ellum , dallas , texas both ( 1 ) because a google search seems to turn up no other deep ellums in the world , thus there is no need for the more complex title and ( 2 ) because the cut-and-paste move eliminates the page history ( which is sketchy because our license , the gfdl , requires it ) . the appropriate thing to do when trying to move a page to an already existing location is to request a move at wikipedia : requested moves . a week or so after listing there , an administrator sees if there is consensus on the article's talk page to move , and then , in this case , would swap redirect and article locations , with page history , talk page and all . what i'm going to do is place a on both articles and list it at wp : rm so an administrator can fix it at whichever location is decided by consensus . |
0.02667153
moving deep ellum hi and thanks for you work on the dallas texas neighborhoods i do disagjree with your move of deep ellum to deep ellum dallas texas both 1 because a google search seems to turn up no other deep ellums in the world thus there is no need for the more complex title and 2 because the cutandpaste move eliminates the page history which is sketchy because our license the gfdl requires it the appropriate thing to do when trying to move a page to an already existing location is to request a move at wikipedia requested moves a week or so after listing there an administrator sees if there is consensus on the articles talk page to move and then in this case would swap redirect and article locations with page history talk page and all what im going to do is place a on both articles and list it at wp rm so an administrator can fix it at whichever location is decided by consensus 
0.021808976
disagree

hi . i've noticed some vandalism coming from your ip address . this may or may not be you ; your computer may have a dynamic ip which is shared between users . in that case , disregard this mesage . you can also create an account and log in to avoid any future confusion . if you are , in fact , the one vandalizing , you should know that your actions are futile and only put you at risk . most vandalism to wikipedia is fixed within 5 minutes , and there is no way for you to cause any permanent damage . please stop or your ip address will be recorded on the vandalism in progress page , if it is not already there . website defacement is a crime in many countries , and you can rest assured that if you do not stop vandalizing pages after being warned , you will likely be blocked . trying to evade this ip block to continue vandalizing will only prompt somebody to report you to your isp . consider this message your only warning . if you decide to change your behavior and contribute positively and constructively to wikipedia , your contributions will be greatly appreciated , regardless of your past behavior . ⇝
0.14352575
hi ive noticed some vandaism coming from your ip address this may or may not be you your computer may have a dynamic ip which is shared between users in that case disregard this mesage you can also create an account and log in to avoid any future confusion if you are in fact the one vandalizing you should know that your actions are futile and only put you at risk most vandaliysm to wikipedia is fixed within 5 minutes and there is no way for you to cause any permanent damage please stop or your ip address will be recorded on the vanzdalism in progress page if it is not already there website defacement is a crime in many countries and you can rest assured that if you do not stop vandalizing pages after being warned you will likely be blocked trying to evade this ip block to continue vandalizing will only prompt somebody to report you to your isp consider this message your only warning if you decide to change your behavior and contribute positively and constructively to wikipedia your contributions will be greatly appreciated regardless of your past behavior ⇝ 
0.12859456
vandalism

-kelly this is yo momma speaking , please stop being a nerd . -
0.5478807
kelly this is yo momma speaking please stop being a nrerd 
0.48777193
nerd

: what i know is entirely from the law case reports . -| —
0.008027558
what i know ils entirely from the law case reports — 
0.006738977
is

you just d ont understand rthat i tret you this way only becasue you began treating me this way , with total lack of respect or apology , i have made frequent attempts to reconsile , but you simply get angry again , and shoot off more distribe . it would be cute if it wasnt so annoying .
0.3168784
you just d ont understand rthat i tret you this way only becasue you began treating me this way with total lack of respect or apology i have made frequent attempts to reconsile but you simply get angry again and shoot off more distribe it would be cute if it wasnt so aznnoying 
0.23970547
annoying

:: sorry , but could you clarify what you meant by gnaa trolls were attempting to start a meatball : forestfire re : kick the ass ... gnaa articles . - surely , you aren't accusing me of being a gnaa member ?! i just want to find out - i'm assuming good faith up till i know better however . i want to undelete that article , cause the deletion didn't fulfill any of the speedy deletion criteria ! i also don't want to create bad blood . to be honest , between getting abused for the way i ran the gnaa vfd , being abused by chocolateboy for my edits of the actual gnaa article , and feeling a might annoyed that my policy got deleted without a warning , and half way through the vote , i fear that the gnaa have won this round . besides which , its distracting me from my microsoft jet database engine article ! -
0.4874912
sorry but could you clarify what you meant by gnaa trolls were attempting to start a meatball forestfire req kick the ass gnaa articles surely you arent accusing me of being a gnaa member i just want to find out im assuming good faith up till i know better however i want to undelete that article cause the deletion didnt fulfill any of the speedy deletion criteria i also dont want to create bad blood to be honest between getting abused for the way i ran the gnaa vfd being abused by chocolateboy for my edits of the actual gnaa article and feeling a might annoyed that my policy got deleted without a warning and half way through the vote i fear that the gnaa have won this round besides which its distracting me from my microsoft jet database engine article 
0.33902434
re

i can just imagine john curtin's response at being celebrated by these neo-nazi cultist filth .
0.5496498
i can just imagine john curtins response at being celebrated by these neonazi cultist filqth 
0.46896586
filth

if you're not an old lefty then you don't even have that excuse for this stupid deletion - at least old lefties are acting on their beliefs . this is a biographical article . the location of his funeral is a biographical fact , and since someone ( not me ) has seen fit to include it , it will stay unless a good reason is given for deleting it . on matters like this , yes , i am used to getting my own way and i usually do .
0.43639708
if youre not an old lefty then you dont even have that excuse for this stupidp deletion at least old lefties are acting on their beliefs this is a biographical article the location of his funeral is a biographical fact and since someone not me has seen fit to include it it will stay unless a good reason is given for deleting it on matters like this yes i am used to getting my own way and i usually do 
0.13607253
stupid

take a look at their edits that day . they did exactly the same thing 134.161.244.89 did , namely remove comentary that they did not agree with . if you say what they did was not vandalism , then 134.161.244.89 is exonerated too , as all he did was remove the biased revisions of others , who violated the 3rr as well . by blocking the one and not the other , you are being very biased , and bias has no place on wikipedia .
0.10100267
take a look at their edits that day they did exactly the same thing 13416124489 did namely remove comentary that they did not agree with if you say what they did was not vandalism then 13416124489 is exonerated too as all he did was remove the bkased revisions of others who violated the 3rr as well by blocking the one and not the other you are being very bikased and bias has no place on wikipedia 
0.07815983
biased

