, 3 november 2006 ( utc ) :: * the proof is in the cards : millions upon millions of sweetest day cards with nearly identical highly deceptive statements printed right on the back of every card . american greetings was founded in 1906 , hallmark in 1910 . both were there for the first sweetest days which started in 1921 . what's going on is obviously c o-o rdinated intentional deception in order to sell products . 22:34
0.05078308
3 november 2006 utc the proof is in the cards millions upon millions of sweetest day cards with nearly identical highly deceprtive statements printed right on the back of every card american greetings was founded in 1906 hallmark in 1910 both were there for the first sweetest days which started in 1921 whats going on is obviously c oo rdinated intentional deception in order to sell products 2234 
0.033962555
deceptive

= = fred newman = = i really see no need to threaten blocking my editingthe reason i had asked for a delineation of what was problematic viz blp was precisely so i could know which sources to use or not use . a threat seems a bit drasticas simple please find an alternate source would be sufficient , and given the dozens of references i have already added to what was a largely unsourced article , i think it's an unfair commentary on the good faith i have demonstrated thus far , despite the constant hostility and personal attacks etc from the demonstrably fanatical newmanophobes . thank you .
0.0715937
fred newman i really see no need to threwaten blocking my editingthe reason i had asked for a delineation of what was problematic viz blp was precisely so i could know which sources to use or not use a threat seems a bit drasticas simple please find an alternate source would be sufficient and given the dozens of references i have already added to what was a largely unsourced article i think its an unfair commentary on the good faith i have demonstrated thus far despite the constant hostility and personal attacks etc from the demonstrably fanatical newmanophobes thank you 
0.051316034
threaten

pete , i have discussed this change . you are saying i haven't discussed it simply because you don't agree with my reasoning . but i'm tired of your attempts at stalling progress . you will be reported if you revert again . you are out of line with wikipedia policyreverting is only to be used in cases of blatant vandalism . this is a constructive edit . i have made my points already on the talk page and you ignore the good points and spin the ones that are easily spun . so what am i supposed to do ? besides , i don't have to have your permission to edit .
0.10609175
pete i have discussed this change you are saying i havent discussed it simply because you dont agree with my reasoning but im tired of your attempts at stalling progress you will be reported if you revert again you are out of line with wikipedia policyreverting is only to be used in cases of blatadnt vandalism this is a constructive edit i have made my points already on the talk page and you ignore the good points and spin the ones that are easily spun so what am i supposed to do besides i dont have to have your permission to edit 
0.09015091
blatant

= = thanks = = hi david , thanks for taking the time to write such a thoughtful analyis at talk : depoprovera . ( and for reminding me it's guy fawkes ! ) i feel that i don't need to assure you that i will not be offended in any way if you restate your position from our earlier discussion re pfizer/lacroix/bmd in the current disputebut just in case , please be assured that i will not . it might actually be helpful to have other people than mastcell and i making the argumentsperhaps more input should be solicited elsewhere , as well , if not enough editors contribute in a week or two week's time . i will be slow-to-respond/disengaged on the depo talkpage , in hopes of keeping things cool , while still continuing to advance the discussion . there is no hurry and deadline , after all . :-) i don't know if you've been following the discussion at emergency contraception , but mastcell's first post to depo occurred less than 30 minutes after the conclusion of this exchange : . it seems unfair to accuse him of harassment or wikistalking , but it also seems to me that he arrived at depo already quite upset/confrontational , etc . because there is even the possibility that there is a causal relationship i.e. , he is angry re ec page and following me to depo , ( and dalkon shield ) to express animosity , i think it is better that the depo discusssions involve plenty of input from other editors . remember , remember -) ,
0.039097536
thanks hi david thanks for taking the time to write such a thoughtful analyis at talk depoprovera and for reminding me its guy fawkes i feel that i dont need to assure you that i will not be offended in any way if you restate your position from our earlier discussion re pfizerlacroixbmd in the current disputebut just in case please be assured that i will not it might actually be helpful to have other people than mastcell and i making the argumentsperhaps more input should be solicited elsewhere as well if not enough editors contribute in a week or two weeks time i will be slowtoresponddisengaged on the depo talkpage in hopes of keeping things cool while still continuing to advance the discussion there is no hurry and deadline after all i dont know if youve been following the discussion at emergency contraception but mastcells first post to depo occurred less than 30 minutes after the conclusion of this exchange it seems unfair to accuse him of harassment or wikistalking but it also seems to me that he arrived at depo already quite upsetconfrontational etc because there is even the possibility that there is a causal relationship ie he is angrpy re ec page and following me to depo and dalkon shield to express animosity i think it is better that the depo discusssions involve plenty of input from other editors remember remember 
0.033079177
angry

:: i would like to remind everyone of that our deletion policy says that if the article provides sufficient context to show that the topic is worthy and that it can be expanded , it should not be deleted ! i hope that all will respect this policy .
0.022088448
i would like to remind everyone of that our deletion policy says that if the article provides sufficient context to show that the topic is worthy and that it can eb expanded it should not bde deleted i hope that all will respect this policy 
0.019160759
be

both of them have socialit ideologies , but in n korea human rughts are being abused , but in kibuts not .
0.19104983
both of them have socialit ideologies but in n korea human rughts are being abfused but in kibuts not 
0.16644919
abused

= = cut-off = = the article mentions that several plot points of recent comics ( decimation , avengers disassembled , thor's destruction of asgard ) didn't occur in mc2 continuity , and on spider-girl's page it says that spider-man : the other never occurred either . given that would it be accurate to say categorically that there's some cut-off point after which events in earth-616 are no longer canonical ? if so , when and where do you think it would be located ? i suppose such a statement might be too broad , and some events may not have been explicitly referenced as happening or not happening but ... well , i don't know mc2 .
0.053136863
cutoff the article mentions that several plot points of recent comics decimationn avengers disassembled thors destruction of asgard didnt occur in mc2 continuity and on spidergirls page it says that spiderman the other never occurred either given that would it be accurate to say categorically that theres some cutoff point after which events in earth616 are no longer canonical if so when and where do you think it would be located i suppose such a statement might be too broad and some events may not have been explicitly referenced as happening or not happening but well i dont know mc2 
0.018892918
decimation

reinserting sourced information . how much longer are you going to insist that sourced information has no place in this article ? i didn't removed sourced information . o moved it to where it belongs albeit only allegations and not proven charges . but i see that isn't good enough for pov shills like you . very well then . sign the mediation or prepare to be banned from wikipedia . your choice .
0.15952101
reinserting sourced information how much longer are you going to insist that sourced information has no place in this article i didnt removed sourced information o moved it to where it belongs albeit only allegations and not proven charges but i see that isnt good enough for pov vshills like you very well then sign the mediation or prepare to be banned from wikipedia your choice 
0.07339986
shills

= = dance till you die = = according to the summary : taking over the stage , the witches perform a broadway-esque musical number highlighting midler's talent — and putting a spell on the adults to make them dance until they die . i thought she was just playing into max's characterization of her as being the real sanderson sister . she didn't have the spell book with her , so how could she have casted a spell on the parents ?
0.22444513
dance till you tdie according to the summary taking over the stage the witches perform a broadwayesque musical number highlighting midlers talent — and putting a spell on the adults to make them dance until they diae i thought she was just playing into maxs characterization of her as being the real sanderson sister she didnt have the spell book with her so how could she have casted a spell on the parents 
0.13809708
die

please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me . ()
0.057813052
please stop if you continue to vandalixze pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.056331605
vandalize

= = block of = = hi nlu , is requesting a lifting of an autoblock . could you please explain to him why geniusboy * is inappropriate in a lot more detail because i certainly couldn't figure out why you blocked geniusboyiii in the first place . thanks .
0.121509925
block of hi nlu i requesting a lifting of an autoblock could you please explain to him why geniusboy sis inappropriate in a lot more detail because i certainly couldnt figure out why you blocked geniusboyiii in the first place thanks 
0.07108897
is

where as i wish i had read it somewhere , i regret i did not . i will try to find the source from which the speaker got this information . i learned this during a school history session and it has been validated by several sources .
0.015207461
where as i wish i had read it somewhere i rehgret i did not i will try to find the source from which the speaker got this information i learned this during a school history session and it has been validated by several sources 
0.011163399
regret

