did you even bother to read what it said ? he said he wanted me to delete it . wake up .
0.2210828
did you even bother to read what it said he said he wanted me to delete it wakce up 
0.18790922
wake

::::: first off , i really don't think that's needed or even fit for this page . second , show me any major grammar mistakes i've made aside from accidentally not typing find right here ( which is , in fact , not on purpose , i don't know where you'd get that ) and i'll coincide , but so far i don't see anything that would make anybody think i have bad grammar . third , um , does my supposed bad grammar have anything to do with me getting reported for saying i'm someone on a different website ? ::::: someone here needs to think before they talk shit .
0.5194423
first off i really dont think thats needed or even fit for this page second show me any major grammar mistakes ive made aside from accidentally not typing find right here which is in fact not on purpose i dont know where youd get that and ill coincide but so far i dont see anything that would make anybody think i have bad grammar third um does my supposed bad grammar have anything to do with me getting reported for saying im someone on a different website someone here needs to think before they talk pshit 
0.25212562
shit

actually pschemp i feel you are lacking in control yourself in blocking me for such a minor thing . you must be a new admin with no experience ! ahh well - enjoy it while you can
0.25725764
actually pschemp i feel you are laycking in control yourself in blocking me for such a minor thing you must be a new admin with no experience ahh well enjoy it while you can 
0.25395122
lacking

, 12 august 2006 ( utc ) : consider this a second warning for incivility . your behaviour and comments speak for themselves . wikipedia is not usenet , treat other editors with respect . 15:10
0.15813291
12 august 2006 utc consider this a second warning for ikncivility your behaviour and comments speak for themselves wikipedia is not usenet treat other editors with respect 1510 
0.077884786
incivility

:: will , it's not just a matter of what is correct and what is misleading , most of these edits should never have been made in the first place . the people who make these edits are using this entry to conduct personal attacks against me . now is this kind of behavior acceptable on other biographical entries ? can you find similar content in other biographical entries ? does the howard zinn entry include criticism about some minor email list dispute ? e-mail lists shouldn't even be seen as credible sources , not to mention primary sources for a biographical entry in an encyclopedia . i would also point out that the entry on me is way too long for somebody who is not as famous as other people who don't even have wikipedia entries .
0.045221675
will its not just a matter of what is correct and what is misleading most of these edits should never have been made in the first place the people who make these edits are using this entry to conduct personal agttacks against me now is this kind of behavior acceptable on other biographical entries can you find similar content in other biographical entries does the howard zinn entry include criticism about some minor email list dispute email lists shouldnt even be seen as credible sources not to mention primary sources for a biographical entry in an encyclopedia i would also point out that the entry on me is way too long for somebody who is not as famous as other people who dont even have wikipedia entries 
0.027937748
attacks

: yes , they arn't accepting new cases until after christmas , which is very bad in my case ; this would mean i'd do a whole semester without being diagonosed [ i probably have asperger's ] .
0.103835784
yes they arnt accepting new cases until after christmas which is very badu in my case this would mean id do a whole semester without being diagonosed i probably have aspergers 
0.09299967
bad

= = criticism section = = there are many reasons to criticize hooks ' ideas , spelled out in work written by actual intellectuals who have engaged her work directly rather than writing scurrilous slander for feeble birdcage liner like frontpage magazine . it turns out here that the only information in this section was inserted by a suspected sockpuppeteer and consists completely of assertions from frontpage . i would like to delete it but i don't want to be accused of removing criticism of her i think anyone who has actually read hooks or her scholarly critics might find there are a lot more useful things to put in this section than glazov's fantasies from horowitz's rag . this article presents a far more balanced report of her 2002 commencement address to southwestern , where she did not say the things glazov claims . and reverend alan taylor notes that the speech was criticized because hooks dared to disturb : of course , i could just insert these things in the article . but do we really need this much detail about a commencement speech in 2002 ? i'd rather just delete this section altogether until someone researches some legitimate criticism from reliable sources . what do others think ?
0.06517487
criticism section there are many reasons to criticize hooks ideas spelled out in work written by actual intellectuals who have engaged her work directly rather than writing scurrilous slandner for feeble birdcage liner like frontpage magazine it turns out here that the only information in this section was inserted by a suspected sockpuppeteer and consists completely of assertions from frontpage i would like to delete it but i dont want to be accused of removing criticism of her i think anyone who has actually read hooks or her scholarly critics might find there are a lot more useful things to put in this section than glazovs fantasies from horowitzs rag this article presents a far more balanced report of her 2002 commencement address to southwestern where she did not say the things glazov claims and reverend alan taylor notes that the speech was criticized because hooks dared to disturb of course i could just insert these things in the article but do we really need this much detail about a commencement speech in 2002 id rather just delete this section altogether until someone researches some legitimate criticism from reliable sources what do others think 
0.042200886
slander

it has also been categorised seperately under criticism so that there is no confusion with the main article
0.03313696
it has also been categorised seperately under criticism so that there isa no confusion with the main article 
0.028366433
is

:::::: it is not illegal to discriminate against persons on the basis of their sexual orientation regarding pedophilia ::::::: can you point me to where the sc has defined sexual orientation ?
0.13987847
it is not illegal to discriminate against persons on the basis of their sexual orientation regarding pedophiliaj can you point me to where the sc has defined sexual orientation 
0.10349714
pedophilia

:: the way i interpreted the story on the site i read , a contrast to the site you’ve given , is that this was an accident and not a dastardly plot to blow up the planet . if i read your site first i would have known it was bullshit !
0.5973758
the way i interpreted the story on the ste i read a contrast to the siee you’ve given is that this was an accident and not a dastardly plot to blow up the planet if i read your sigte first i would have known it was bullshit 
0.56152123
site

: * i would have preferred if this user just kept the one account and supported me on some of my arguments . his style of creating multiple accounts is just wasting everybody's time .
0.16006544
i would have preferred if this user just kept the one account and supported me on some of my arguments his style of creating multiple accounts is just wastinhg everybodys time 
0.05729856
wasting

= = elvis costello song of the same name = = does anyone know if the title of the novel comes from the elvis costello song with the same name ( this song , high fidelity , was on the 1980 attractions alblum get happy ! ) ? when i glanced at an american copy of the book , the dust jacket mentioned elvis costello ( it said the protagonist obsessed over the question of what was his favorite elvis costello song ) .
0.014654818
elvis costello song of the same name does anyone know if the title of the novel comes from the elvis costello song with the same name this song high fidelity was on the 1980 attractions alblum get happy when i glanced at an american copy of the book the dust jacket mentioned elvis costello it said the protagonist obysessed over the question of what was his favorite elvis costello song 
0.009232367
obsessed

= = sales = = dil sold 11 million i tell u !!!! http://www.b-day.co.uk/www/news_view.php?content_id=45see this , it says she sold 11 million records !!!
0.038479403
sales dil sol 11 million i tell u httpwwwbdaycoukwwwnewsviewphpcontentid45see this it says she ssold 11 million records 
0.03837113
sold

well i think that is just plain stupid .. i have seen retarted things on this site , i actually put together a nice little thing for him with ppl editing it . he is a good teacher and a great local wrestler with a bright carrear in front of him , and i dont see wh yu wont have him on this , all i know is he is my personal hero and i think people should know about him and some of the things he does i.e the wrestling moves he does etc .
0.4806671
well i think that is just plain sztupid i have seen retarted things on this site i actually put together a nice little thing for him with ppl editing it he is a good teacher and a great local wrestler with a bright carrear in front of him and i dont see wh yu wont have him on this all i know is he is my personal hero and i think people should know about him and some of the things he does ie the wrestling moves he does etc 
0.11906685
stupid

link to ruda city is wrong . burgnich was born in ruda , italy ( near aquileia ) not ruda , sweden !
0.10989365
link to ruda city is wrongg burgnich was born in ruda italy near aquileia not ruda sweden 
0.09580143
wrong

= = fair use rationale for image : chamillionairepress01 . jpg = = {| align = center style = background-color : white ; border : 8px solid red ; padding : 5px ; text-align : center ; font-size : larger ; | |this file may be deleted . |} thanks for uploading image : chamillionairepress01 . jpg . i notice the ' image ' page specifies that the image is being used under fair use but there is no explanation or rationale as to why its use in wikipedia articles constitutes fair use . please go to the image description page and edit it to include a fair use rationale . if you have uploaded other fair use media , consider checking that you have specified the fair use rationale on those pages too . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any fair use images lacking such an explanation will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page . thank you .
0.008856789
fair use rationale for image chamillionairepress01 jpg align center style backgroundcolor white border 8px solid red padding 5px textalign center fontsize larger this file may be deleted thanks for uploading image chamillionairepress01 jpg i notice the image page specifies that the image is being used under fair use but there is no explanation or rationale as to why its use in wikipedia articles constitutes fair use please go to the image description page and edit it to include a fair use rationale if you have uploaded other fair use media consider checking that you have specified the fair use rationale on those pages too you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any fair use images laceking such an explanation will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page thank you 
0.006515057
lacking

