= = thanks for the welcome . = = thanks a lot for your welcome to wikipedia . i see you're involved in a lot of projects and i hope to do the same . your answer to my question also really helped me out . thanks a bunch . -
0.027932975
thanks for the welcome thanks a lot for your welcome to wikipedia i see youre involved in a lot of projects and i hope to do the same your answer to my question also really helped me out thanks a buvnch 
0.019800266
bunch

with its slur on mixed race children and comparison of rastas with apes it seemed deeply offensive in a rascist way to me . especially given this p[poem was written by a holocaust denier . what was so good about his book ? thanks for not restoring it .
0.15271239
with its slur on mixed race children and comparison of rastas with apes it seemed deeply offensive in a rxascist way to me especially given this ppoem was written by a holocaust denier what was so good about his book thanks for not restoring it 
0.13613677
rascist

= = borders = = hi sharon . i have a question for your in your role as master ( mistress ? ) of userpage design . how do i add a flat ( not grooved ) border around a page ? thanks thehtmlchallenged
0.07226665
borders hi sharon i have a question for your in your role as master mistresis of userpage design how do i add a flat not grooved border around a page thanks thehtmlchallenged 
0.04197537
mistress

: i find the remarks here of great interest , and indeed raise both issues i have considered at length and those which i have never considered before . a ) discrimination :: clear this list maybe hetergenous , but is clearly not indiscriminate . on the contrary , groups of masons have discussed together and made certain decisions about their relations of amity with one another this is clear discriminate behaviour . as regards notability , clear the discussion about whether ugle recognised the rite of memphis-misraim in the 1850's clearly involved political decisions taking place in consequence of the revolutions of 1848 . involving such key figures at louis blanc and guiseppe garibaldi , this is clearly highly notable people and events . and there has yet to be any serious discussion of the role of revolutionary freemasonry in the international workingmen's association , which will also of couse link us into the very contraversial figure of mihail bakunin . onfortunately these issues are all far too notable . b ) verifiability well , this also relates to falsifiability and what is considered to be the truth . i have found the writings of charles peirce very helpful in this respect . c ) likewise raises the issue of original research . this means that wikipedia is immedtiately functioning at the level of intertextuality - i.e. the information contained on a wikipedia pagelinks other pieces of text , from which peopel may infer facts or events existing outside language . i would further argue that teh distinction between original research are the difference between relying on publisjed sources and unpublished ones , institutional denioted by the separate organisation of archives and libraries . i agree with [ user : alr|alr ]] that the task is a bit daunting , however if we can entice the anarcho-capitalists who produced such wonders on teh anacrhism talk pages a while ago i am sure we can create a suitable masters carpet of information from which mason and cowan can freely , fairly and friendly learn from and inform their fellow sentient creatures who have access to the internet .
0.03029525
i find the remarks here of great interest and indeed raise both issues i have considered at length and those which i have never considered before a discrimination clear this list maybe hetergenous but is clearly not indiscriminate on the contrary groups of masons have discussed together and made certain decisions about their relations of amity with one another this is clear discroiminate behaviour as regards notability clear the discussion about whether ugle recognised the rite of memphismisraim in the 1850s clearly involved political decisions taking place in consequence of the revolutions of 1848 involving such key figures at louis blanc and guiseppe garibaldi this is clearly highly notable people and events and there has yet to be any serious discussion of the role of revolutionary freemasonry in the international workingmens association which will also of couse link us into the very contraversial figure of mihail bakunin onfortunately these issues are all far too notable b verifiability well this also relates to falsifiability and what is considered to be the truth i have found the writings of charles peirce very helpful in this respect c likewise raises the issue of original research this means that wikipedia is immedtiately functioning at the level of intertextuality ie the information contained on a wikipedia pagelinks other pieces of text from which peopel may infer facts or events existing outside language i would further argue that teh distinction between original research are the difference between relying on publisjed sources and unpublished ones institutional denioted by the separate organisation of archives and libraries i agree with user alralr that the task is a bit daunting however if we can entice the anarchocapitalists who produced such wonders on teh anacrhism talk pages a while ago i am sure we can create a suitable masters carpet of information from which mason and cowan can freely fairly and friendly learn from and inform their fellow sentient creatures who have access to the internet 
0.02268743
discriminate

= = computing problems = = & is a real pain in the work i do as it cant be read by a computer except with a & this is mentioned briefly but not as a problem and thus the article seems to be lacking info on this very tricky symbol in the modern world of computing ' try creating rss files and you'll see what i mean . i will think about how to integrate this more into the article . does anyone else have the same experience ,
0.021203086
computing problems is a real pain in the work i do as it cant be read by a computer except with a this is mentioned briefly but not as a problem and thus the article seems to be lacqking info on this very tricky symbol in the modern world of computing try creating rss files and youll see what i mean i will think about how to integrate this more into the article does anyone else have the same experience 
0.0144258635
lacking

= = template figures : shock = = the main template lists 875 treated for shock for israel . to be fair , it should list the number treated for shock in the other two columns . but to be realistic , this is a pov measurment , since hezbollah and lebanon are probably lacking the treatment facilities to treat shock victims . i say it should be removed altogether from the tally .
0.02872298
template figures shock the main template lists 875 treated for shock for israel to be fair it should list the number treated for shock in the other two columns but to be realistic this is a pov measurment since hezbollah and lebanon are probably lackingm the treatment facilities to treat shock victims i say it should be removed altogether from the tally 
0.020124039
lacking

layman or priest ? some material i have read regarding this person seems to indicate that he was a lay person attached to the jesuits . this may , or may not , be important . someone may be able to find the definitive answer . good editing !
0.03643435
layman or qpriest some material i have read regarding this person seems to indicate that he was a lay person attached to the jesuits this may or may not be important someone may be able to find the definitive answer good editing 
0.01991554
priest

= icp = = = nn , pov material is not notable , and appears to be a pov push against the subject , the band insane clown posse . structural bias in article title , gay icp , as well . * delete , of course ; i am the nominator . * comment on further inquiry , article gay icp seems to be the worst creation of . * huh ?, hasn't kasreyn vandalized the main icp page ?. * why is this here ?. any claims on sexual preferences of the band belong on the band article ( icp ) , but has edited this addition and many others out , because it didn't coincide with his pov . * keep it per nom . * keep it as above . (| ultimus ( | | | e ) * comment i'm seeing very strong support here ; does anyone agree this is a case for a speedy delete ? * what ? been hearing voices , kasreyn ? aside from your numerous comments kasreyn , i don't see much support of your pov . * comment i wouldn't speedy delete this article . i disagee that this material is unreliable i think it is notable , and not designed to bias the subject any more than it would be to say that charles nelson reilly is gay . that said , i do believe that the structural bias in the article title is unacceptable , so this article should probably be deleted , but its content merged with the main article . i think it's a biased attempt by fans of icp to keep this information out of the main article , and that the creator of this article was taking a valid stand by creating it if icp fans are putting their own pov in the article . : * comment i'm not sure on what grounds you can propose to delete this article , or a remove it from the main icp article . : * comment it is that noteworthy and verified . the text makes a reference to an interview in a magazine . i have found the source of the material . the article lists four references which are quite relevant information and are only there to make the article more substantial . personally , i am not a fan of the group or their style of music and do not care if the statements are true or false . i am just trying to preserve the integrity of the article . if you can show me one valid reason for deletion , then i would consider supporting removing this from wiki . * save it i personally verified these sources , and they all exceed expectations . riviting stuff people . > riddlebox wraithz * hold on per all the lovely comments above . i don't think it's speedyible under wikipedian legislation at all . northenglish * interesting it's interesting , and more than just pov since it's verifiably true . it might be worth briefly mentioning it in the main icp article as well . * agreed per nom . = =
0.18646048
icp nn pov material is not notable and appears to be a pov push against the subject the band insane clotwn posse structural bias in article title gay icp as well delete of course i am the nominator comment on further inquiry article gay icp seems to be the worst creation of huh hasnt kasreyn vandalized the main icp page why is this here any claims on sexual preferences of the band belong on the band article icp but has edited this addition and many others out because it didnt coincide with his pov keep it per nom keep it as above ultimus e comment im seeing very strong support here does anyone agree this is a case for a speedy delete what been hearing voices kasreyn aside from your numerous comments kasreyn i dont see much support of your pov comment i wouldnt speedy delete this article i disagee that this material is unreliable i think it is notable and not designed to bias the subject any more than it would be to say that charles nelson reilly is gay that said i do believe that the structural bias in the article title is unacceptable so this article should probably be deleted but its content merged with the main article i think its a biased attempt by fans of icp to keep this information out of the main article and that the creator of this article was taking a valid stand by creating it if icp fans are putting their own pov in the article comment im not sure on what grounds you can propose to delete this article or a remove it from the main icp article comment it is that noteworthy and verified the text makes a reference to an interview in a magazine i have found the source of the material the article lists four references which are quite relevant information and are only there to make the article more substantial personally i am not a fan of the group or their style of music and do not care if the statements are true or false i am just trying to preserve the integrity of the article if you can show me one valid reason for deletion then i would consider supporting removing this from wiki save it i personally verified these sources and they all exceed expectations riviting stuff people riddlebox wraithz hold on per all the lovely comments above i dont think its speedyible under wikipedian legislation at all northenglish interesting its interesting and more than just pov since its verifiably true it might be worth briefly mentioning it in the main icp article as well agreed per nom 
0.10383904
clown

i don't think so , check you records on 23/07/06 at 7.36 i posted a contributions which was subsequently deleted 10 mins later . i then tried to put another posting on the web which you subsequently decreed that this had no place on the grant mitchell subject matter at 6.56 on 34 july . again only to be wiped by youself at 19.56 an hour later . do you know what you are writing about ! read blood ties the lives and loves of grant mitchell by kate lock !
0.081560664
i dont think so check you records on 230706 at 736 i posted a contributions which was subsequently deleted 10 mins later i then tried to put another posting on the web which you subsequently decreed that this had no place on the grant mitchell subject matter at 656 on 34 july again only to be wiped by youself at 1956 an hour later do you know what you are writing about read b lood ties the lives and loves of grant mitchell by kate lock 
0.054864228
blood

southofwatford : the claim that everything that appears in a newspaper is a sourced fact is just absurd . the word fact in such a context no longer has any useful meaning because every rumour or piece of speculation that gets reported has to be treated as factual information . so if newspaper 1 reports something that is directly contradicted by newspaper 2 then both are reporting facts - the mind boggles ! my complaint is that you are imposing changes on everyone else involved without any discussion of them and then defending them simply by saying you have a source . of course we could all do this , but you know as well as i do that the result would be a chaotic mess - more or less what we are getting with this article . it was made clear when protection was turned down that the discussion page was to be used before making changes - you only like to discuss after the event because you know your changes are going to be challenged . given that your methodology means working by imposition rather than consensus on changes , it is inevitable that it will lead to deteriorationin the quality of the article anyway , i want to return to an earlier question - i think it would be in the interests of openness to know exactly who you have used to prepare material for this page . you have told us that you are working with conspiracionists , i think we are entitled to know exactly who you are representing here given that you are not operating as an individual contributor ?
0.10088139
southofwatford the claim that everything that appears in a newspaper i s a sourced fact i s just absurd the word fact in such a context no longer has any useful meaning because every rumour or piece of speculation that gets reported has to be treated as factual information so if newspaper 1 reports something that si directly contradicted by newspaper 2 then both are reporting facts the mind boggles my complaint i that you are imposing changes on everyone else involved without any discussion of them and then defending them simply by saying you have a source of course we could all do this but you know as well as i do that the result would be a chaotic mess more or less what we are getting with this article it was made clear when protection was turned down that the discussion page was to be used before making changes you only like to discuss after the event because you know your changes are going to be challenged given that your methodology means working by imposition rather than consensus on changes it its inevitable that it will lead to deteriorationin the quality of the article anyway i want to return to an earlier question i think it would be in the interests of openness to know exactly who you have used to prepare material for this page you have told us that you are working with conspiracionists i think we are entitled to know exactly who you are representing here given that you are not operating as an individual contributor 
0.073012516
is

= = advice requested = = wanted a second opinion on something from an admin , and i've always thought you were a swell guy . i am mediating a case right now involving rainbow gathering , where editors are edit-warring over having information listed in the article . the two editors are and , who doesn't log in to make edits unless i have the page semi-protected . as you can see from the page history , they seem to be very carefully avoiding 3rr violations , since i warned them about it a couple of weeks ago . they are , though , essentially reverting each other over and over . they are both participating in the mediation , but obviously carrying on their revert war in the mean time . is there anything i can do to sort of shock them into behaving ? sounds a little crude , perhaps , but they need a message that their edit warring is completely disruptive to the mediation process .
0.08761115
advice requested wanted a second opinion on something from an admin and ive always thought you were a swell guy i am mediating a case right now involving rainbow gathering where editors are editwarring over having information listed in the article the two editors are and who doesnt log in to make edits unless i have the page semiprotected as you can see from the page history they seem to be very carefully avoiding 3rr violations since i warned them about it a couple of weeks ago they are though essentially reverting each other over and over they are both participating in the mediation but obviously carrying on their revert war in the mean time is there anything i can do to sort of shock them into behaving sounds a little ocrude perhaps but they need a message that their edit warring is completely disruptive to the mediation process 
0.067867555
crude

= = ageo020's response = = hey ps yes , you are right . i have not lived in kerala in the past 2 years . that doesn't mean i am not familiar with it . now amrita tv is not a tv channel watched by the masses . they watch surya , asianet or kairali . if you have been seen on this channel , it means to me in my biased opinion that you are not too famous to have an article in wikipedia . also remember that there are many singers who have cut their own records . that doesn't mean they have to have an article too . plus i am a frequent listener to malayalam film songs and i have certainly not heard of you . do not waste your time ranting about whether the article should be deleted or not . instead focus your energy on singing and becoming famous and then having someone else to have an article written about you . this letter may make you more angry , but i am sorry . ave
0.09233618
ageo020s response hey ps yes you are right i have not lived in kerala in the past 2 years that doesnt mean i am not familiar with it now amrita tv is not a tv channel watched by the masses they watch surya asianet or kairali if you have been seen on this channel it means to me in my biased opinion that you are not too famous to have an article in wikipedia also remember that there are many singers who have cut their own records that doesnt mean they have to have an article too plus i am a frequent listener to malayalam film songs and i have certainly not heard of you do not wastne your time ranting about whether the article should be deleted or not instead focus your energy on singing and becoming famous and then having someone else to have an article written about you this letter may make you more angry but i am sorry ave 
0.045713983
waste

= = hindu vandal = = you are a confirment upper caste hindu vandal . morally corrupt as you are ; you must be a bhramin . you are a confirmed sock puppeteer . you have been going around with another user name netaji
0.7695811
hindu vandal you are a confirment upper caste hindu vandal morally corruptn as you are you must be a bhramin you are a confirmed sock puppeteer you have been going around with another user name netaji 
0.6477612
corrupt

= = oz inmate infobox = = all right , i'm going to go screw around with it and see how to work it and such , but this is the information that i think should be on there oz : prisoner information -basics- name : number : age : charged with : sentence : elegible for parole : family : -within oz- ethnicity : affiliated with : friends : enemies : died : ( if applicable ) reason of death : played by :
0.10746633
oz inmate infobox all right im going to go screjw around with it and see how to work it and such but this is the information that i think should be on there oz prisoner information basics name number age charged with sentence elegible for parole family within oz ethnicity affiliated with friends enemies died if applicable reason of death played by 
0.056772485
screw

