:: fair enough ... not going to worry too much about it , but it is rather bothersome . although , it is my understanding that since the article deals with a subject that is primarily of american interest , it is american english conventions that are to be used . certainly , when the subject is not of any specific interest to speakers of a particular form of english , then there's no reason to go about changing it ; it should just be left as originally written , unless someone changes the substance of it and uses the form with which he is accustomed rather than what was originally written . however , that is not the case here . :: furthermore , without context those examples you cited are useless . whether indianapolis colts is a plural or singular noun depends on whether or not it's being used to refer to the entity itself as distinct from the individuals that make it up , or whether it's just being used to refer to the individuals collectivelly . :: btw , quit adding stuff . this is the second time i've got an edit conflict while trying to reply to this d
0.062252745
fair enough not going to worry too much about it but it is rather bothersome although it is my understanding that since the article deals with a subject that is primarily of american interest it is american english conventions that are to be used certainly when the subject is not of any specific interest to speakers of a particular form of english then theres no reason to go about changing it it should just be left as originally written unless someone changes the substance of it and uses the form with which he is accustomed rather than what was originally written however that is not the case here furthermore without context those examples you cited are uselesjs whether indianapolis colts is a plural or singular noun depends on whether or not its being used to refer to the entity itself as distinct from the individuals that make it up or whether its just being used to refer to the individuals collectivelly btw quit adding stuff this is the second time ive got an edit conflict while trying to reply to this d 
0.023245985
useless

glenn , first of all the freestylefrappe is not tersely saying , he has already blocked me without any warning . have you seen his version of kumanovo article ? he is talking only about murdering , blood , terrorism and nothing about the city normal life . of course , there were moments in the kumanovo’s history when a terrorist attacks took place , but kumanovo is most of the time a quiet ordinary macedonian town that doesn’t deserve such descriptions . it is the same as if you write an article about london not mentioning st paul’s catedral , westminster , tower bridge .. and writing only about recent terrorist attacks in the london underground . talking about copyvios , i noticed that freestylefrappe is using text written by christopher deliso you can check that on : http://www.serbianna.com/columns/deliso/ http://www.popovashapka.com/terrorist_bombing_in_kumanovo.htm are you sure he has permit for doing that ? of course , i will not stay calm until he stops vandalizing the macedonian towns .
0.1836839
glenn first of all the freestylefrappe is not tersely saying he has already blocked me without any warning have you seen his version of kumanovo article he is talking only about mzurdering blood terrorism and nothing about the city normal life of course there were moments in the kumanovo’s history when a terrorist attacks took place but kumanovo is most of the time a quiet ordinary macedonian town that doesn’t deserve such descriptions it is the same as if you write an article about london not mentioning st paul’s catedral westminster tower bridge and writing only about recent terrorist attacks in the london underground talking about copyvios i noticed that freestylefrappe is using text written by christopher deliso you can check that on httpwwwserbiannacomcolumnsdeliso httpwwwpopovashapkacomterroristbombinginkumanovohtm are you sure he has permit for doing that of course i will not stay calm until he stops vandalizing the macedonian towns 
0.17145309
murdering

glenn , it is not true that i’m removing freestylefrappe’s additions all the time . you can simply check this if you visit the history tab on kumanovo article . his “ version ” of the page and my info only appended to his info is commented with the following text : ok freestylefrappe , i will leave your violence texts , yet i'm not sure why it is so important to you to have only bombs , blood and killing in an article for a normal town like kumanovo ) . i meant that the things were fine than , but on 8 december 2005 freestylefrappe again removed all my additions . i’m trying to understand that everybody has different view on the same thing , but still i cannot understand how somebody wants to describe kumanovo with the following paragraphs : econony , violence , narcotics !? not to mention the following “ freestylefrappe version ” sentence : also notable is the private practice otodent , located in goce delcev suburb , which offers different medical services like ent and dentistry . the founder and the director is dr. milenko trendafilovski . ( you can simply check this on the current version of kumanovo article ) does he know how many private dentistry services are present in kumanovo ? is that npov ? just for your information , i’m now blocked user by his majesty freestylefrappe ( just because i write similar comment as my first reply to you ) . please understand that i’m normal citizen of macedonia , i have many friends in kumanovo , they live , study and work there and they are really surprised how his native town is described on wikipedia . bitola
0.09935823
glenn it is not true that i’m removing freestylefrappe’s additions all the time you can simply check this if you visit the history tab on kumanovo article his “ version ” of the page and my info only appended to his info is commented with the following text ok freestylefrappe i will leave your violence texts yet im not sure why it is so important to you to have only bombs blood and killindg in an article for a normal town like kumanovo i meant that the things were fine than but on 8 december 2005 freestylefrappe again removed all my additions i’m trying to understand that everybody has different view on the same thing but still i cannot understand how somebody wants to describe kumanovo with the following paragraphs econony violence narcotics not to mention the following “ freestylefrappe version ” sentence also notable is the private practice otodent located in goce delcev suburb which offers different medical services like ent and dentistry the founder and the director is dr milenko trendafilovski you can simply check this on the current version of kumanovo article does he know how many private dentistry services are present in kumanovo is that npov just for your information i’m now blocked user by his majesty freestylefrappe just because i write similar comment as my first reply to you please understand that i’m normal citizen of macedonia i have many friends in kumanovo they live study and work there and they are really surprised how his native town is described on wikipedia bitola 
0.08280399
killing

= = russian transliteration = = dear nixer . i am sorry , but i had to revert your changes back . unfortunately , they look ( and are ) so illiterate and uninformed that i am at a loss as to where even to start to explain the mistakes you introduced with your edits . do you even know russian ? sorry if this sounds a bit harsh , but your edits were so bad that i first mistook them for a form of vandalism , hence i did not care to explain my revert . i will gladly show you step-by-step what exactly is wrong with your edits and why ; that is , if you are interested , of course . please do not hesitate to if you have any questions . you are also welcome to participate in wikipedia talk : naming conventions ( cyrillic ) — this discussion started only recently with the purpose of having cyrillics transliteration conventions used in wikipedia re-worked . meanwhile please note that the translit system outlined in the article you edited is a slightly modified bgn/pcgn version , which is currently what's used in wikipedia for transliterating russian . —
0.09689116
russian transliteration dear nixer i am sorry but i had to revert your changes back unfortunately they look and are so dilliterate and uninformed that i am at a loss as to where even to start to explain the mistakes you introduced with your edits do you even know russian sorry if this sounds a bit harsh but your edits were so bad that i first mistook them for a form of vandalism hence i did not care to explain my revert i will gladly show you stepbystep what exactly is wrong with your edits and why that is if you are interested of course please do not hesitate to if you have any questions you are also welcome to participate in wikipedia talk naming conventions cyrillic — this discussion started only recently with the purpose of having cyrillics transliteration conventions used in wikipedia reworked meanwhile please note that the translit system outlined in the article you edited is a slightly modified bgnpcgn version which is currently whats used in wikipedia for transliterating russian — 
0.07310194
illiterate

:: please refrain from assuming things that you do not know , particularly in reference to other people . to suggest that i am so intollerant is highly offensive to me . so is suggsting that i have any ulterior motives , or that i follow any sort of dogma . a continuation of this will result in my reporting you for making personal attacks , as well as harrassment . i don't like using admins this way ; it's not very conducive to building an encylcopedia . however , at present , you are preventing me from that very task , and so in this instance it is . this will not go to me nonsense page , because i brought the issue up here , on your talk page . i therefore regard this as the place to discuss the issue . again , please refrain from attacking me . it doesn't get either of us anywhere .
0.1509623
please refrain from assuming things that you do not know particularly in reference to other people to suggest that i am so intollerant is highly offensive to me so is suggsting that i have any ulterior motives or that i follow any sort of dogma a continuation of this will result in my reporting you for making personal attacks as well as harrassment i dont like using admins this way its not very conducive to building an encylcopedia however at present you are preventing me from that very task and so in this instance it is this will not go to me nonsensev page because i brought the issue up here on your talk page i therefore regard this as the place to discuss the issue again please refrain from attacking me it doesnt get either of us anywhere 
0.1393941
nonsense

december 2005 ( utc ) :::: i don't think it's neccessary . we could use a simple , tastefull opening line to the section . i do want to get other information in , but i find those tags to give off the wrong impression . escpecially for this situation . 08:14 , 13
0.03383165
december 2005 utc i dont think its neccessary we could use a simple tastefull opening line to the section i do want to get other information in but i find those tags to give off the wrnong impression escpecially for this situation 0814 13 
0.027321585
wrong

:: ok , wikipedia : requests for comment/millwall f.c. go nuts , guys . i'll try to wrangle up more people .
0.22584963
ok wikipedia requests for commentmillwall fc go nsuts guys ill try to wrangle up more people 
0.21796145
nuts

: factually , the sharia prescribes 100 lashes for rape if unmarried , death by stoning if married for both males and females . however , in real life , this never works . a truth is that if a woman is raped ( the case of adultery ) both parties must acknowledge the crime if the woman reports it ; if this doesnt happen ( man does not aqcuit ) then the female has to name four male witnesses . this leads to the fact that women are often stoned to death if they are raped .
0.42866707
factually the sharia prescribes 100 lashes for rape if unmarried death by stoning if married for both males and females however in real life this never works a truth is that if a woman is aped the case of adultery both parties must acknowledge the crime if the woman reports it if this doesnt happen man does not aqcuit then the female has to name four male witnesses this leads to the fact that women are often stoned to death if they are rvaped 
0.22945537
raped

well i have not been convinced nor do i feel my concerns or points have been properly responded to , so i will continue the editing process in accordance with wikipedia rules and procedures until such time as they have been addressed adequately . i do not believe the consideration of what may be the majority opinion ( based on population ) makes wikipedia not a serious encyclopedia in fact i think it will make it a better and more serious as it will not toe the line of mainstream thought but surpass it by including more viewpoints and knowledge . furthermore , humus sapiens , your continued belligerence towards me is not only unconstructive in solving the problem but making you look foolish . i have a serious point which i have illustrated repeatedly that does not make me a vandal or a troll , that means i have a different opinion on the orientation of the article than you . this has yet to be proven a crime .
0.15198389
well i have not been convinced nor do i feel my concerns or points have been properly responded to so i will continue the editing process in accordance with wikipedia rules and procedures until such time as they have been addressed adequately i do not believe the consideration of what may be the majority opinion based on population makes wikipedia not a serious encyclopedia in fact i think it will make it a better and more serious as it will not toe the line of mainstream thought but surpass it by including more viewpoints and knowledge furthermore humus sapiens your continued belligerence towards me is not only unconstructive in solving the problem but making you look foolisfh i have a serious point which i have illustrated repeatedly that does not make me a vandal or a troll that means i have a different opinion on the orientation of the article than you this has yet to be proven a crime 
0.06643296
foolish

