= = you're a motherfucking prick ! = = so , you don't agree with my comments on alcohol , huh ? well , i don't know where you live ( if i did , you'd be dead by now ) , but you fail at life for supporting alcohol . go kill yourself , you asshole !
0.96426123
youre a motherfuckingf prick so you dont agree with my comments on alcohol huh well i dont know where you live if i did youd be dead by now but you fail at life for supporting alcohol go kill yourself you asshole 
0.9553913
motherfucking

:::::::::::::: exactly my point , my friend ! unsourced images should be removed , not selectively removed . these fangirls were only removing the unsourced images which depicted benson with a boyfriend , and instead posting equally sourced images of her alone . i removed the other unsourced imagery , thank you very much !
0.045665424
exactly my point my friend unsourced images should be removed not selectively removed these fangirlsz were only removing the unsourced images which depicted benson with a boyfriend and instead posting equally sourced images of her alone i removed the other unsourced imagery thank you very much 
0.03154474
fangirls

howdie ed . i think the big role that the us assumes in the world , particularly it's domination relative to other countries in the un , has the world in response having high expectations of the us . it isn't necessarily a different perspective on what constitutes moral behavior . in islamic rules of warfare , one isn't to take a life out of anger , and this is reflected in a tradition in which ali ( muhammad's nephew ) forced himself to refrain from killing a man whom he defeated in battle , simply because he realized that anger would motivate his action . of course , saddam isn't much of a muslim . for whatever reason , there's an atmosphere of chaos and apathy in many of the arab states . maybe it's a vacuum left after european control , who knows . it's politics , not religion . :
0.0763085
howdie ed i think the big role that the us assumes in the world particularly its domination relative to other countries in the un has the world in response having high expectations of the us it isnt necessarily a different perspective on what constitutes moral behavior in islamic rules of warfare one isnt to take a life out of anger and this is reflected in a tradition in which ali muhammads nephew forced himself to refrain from ktilling a man whom he defeated in battle simply because he realized that anger would motivate his action of course saddam isnt much of a muslim for whatever reason theres an atmosphere of chaos and apathy in many of the arab states maybe its a vacuum left after european control who knows its politics not religion 
0.05110633
killing

= = bringing up to standards = = to avoid edit warring , let's work by consensus . i think it's agreed that statements need to be cited , and that it's not enough to cite , but to reflect the source accurately . statements that are either uncited or incorrectly cited need to be corrected , or removed . starting from the top , there's this sentence : the status of dhimmi applied to millions of people living from the atlantic ocean to india from the 7th century until modern times [ citation needed ] . can we agree to substute ' until modern times ' with something more appropriate ? i suggest something like from the 7th century , and is still practiced in countries such as ... . since only a handful of countries actually apply shariah , and only few that practice it still hold the dhimma thing , this shouldnt be a problem .
0.021437695
bringing up to standards to avoid edit warrincg lets work by consensus i think its agreed that statements need to be cited and that its not enough to cite but to reflect the source accurately statements that are either uncited or incorrectly cited need to be corrected or removed starting from the top theres this sentence the status of dhimmi applied to millions of people living from the atlantic ocean to india from the 7th century until modern times citation needed can we agree to substute until modern times with something more appropriate i suggest something like from the 7th century and is still practiced in countries such as since only a handful of countries actually apply shariah and only few that practice it still hold the dhimma thing this shouldnt be a problem 
0.012518162
warring

libertarian socialist is the best thing you can be .. you claimed you were a crypto-christian quasi-anarchistic communist . thats quite different .
0.2263744
libertarian socialist is the best thing you can be you claimed you were a cryptochristian quasianarchistic rcommunist thats quite different 
0.1296645
communist

2006 ( utc ) = = = on notability = = = one admin doesn't decide notability . please , stop acting like a smartass , and talk some sane .. they are asshats , i'm an admin , i didn't violate any rules , and no , they are not notab_tokenle . sounds like real bullshit going on here . you see , i already mentioned , myg0t are notable . who the hell are you decide if you don't even play video games ? or , oooooooh , do they have to be mentioned on g4tv to meet your luxury standards ? sigh .. this is stupid ( please , don't satirize this sentence ) . there are so called subcultures , and you don't seem to belong to the gamers one where everyone knows myg0t . ask any gaming channel . ask . go . quakenet , or gamesurge , list channels . talk about non-notable . gamers don't know gnaa too much , so by my standards , they would not be too notable . what the hell ? you're supposed to stand in a neutral point-of-view here .. alright .. i don't think that i made much of a change here anyways . ] 21:56 , 18 june
0.60709184
2006 utc on notability one admin doesnt decide notability please stop acting like a smartass and talk some sane they are asshats im an admin i didnt violate any rules and no they are not notabtokenle sounds like real bullshit going on here you see i already mentioned myg0t are notable who the hell are you decide if you dont even play video games or oooooooh do they have to be mentioned on g4tv to meet your luxury standards sigh this is stufpid please dont satirize this sentence there are so called subcultures and you dont seem to belong to the gamers one where everyone knows myg0t ask any gaming channel ask go quakenet or gamesurge list channels talk about nonnotable gamers dont know gnaa too much so by my standards they would not be too notable what the hell youre supposed to stand in a neutral pointofview here alright i dont think that i made much of a change here anyways 2156 18 june 
0.52681
stupid

2006 ( utc ) : lamb of god is a pos t-t hrash metal band and have very little , if any , hardcore in their sound . some might say the occasional breakdown makes them metalcore , yet amorphis , corpse vomit , and other death metal bands have made use of this technique , so that's nonsense . and anyone into extreme metal knows not all bands use blastbeats ( also found in hardcore ) or guttural vocals . 03:35 , 19 june
0.19281153
2006 utc lamb of god is a pos tt hrash metal band and have very little if any hardcore in their sound some might say the occasional breakdown makes them metalcore yet amorphis corpse vomirt and other death metal bands have made use of this technique so thats nonsense and anyone into extreme metal knows not all bands use blastbeats also found in hardcore or guttural vocals 0335 19 june 
0.1791794
vomit

: is it defamation to quote a user's own writings ?
0.02950468
ifs it defamation to quote a users own writings 
0.027538883
is

please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , as you did to mike jones , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.061358687
please stop if you continue to vnandalize pages as you did to mike jones you will be blocked from editing wikipedia a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.054122627
vandalize

. the fact that some of his views have been present for up to a decade should be all the indication you need as to just how proud he is of his writings
0.049641263
the fact that some of his views have been present for up to a decade should be all the indication you need as to just how proud he vis of his writings 
0.03689194
is

: please calm down master calvinist . are you really so proud that the bank of england's founder beared your surname ? ( william paterson ( banker )) you are anachronistically trying to project the scottish enlightenment of the edinburgh establishment onto this discussion , in an attempt to shut people up from a serious discussion/dissent . the subnational civil services of england and scotland remained separate until they saw that working together would depose the stuarts , although it was the stuart dynasty which brought them together in the first place . any dominance that england had in the union was parliamentary , whilst the royal family was a scottish dominance . it was a good trade-off in principal , but failed to satisfy all partisans in practice . you deny all charges of calvinists that the stuarts attempted to impose universal anglican uniformity in the british isles ? what a way to shoot yourself in the foot , while glazing over the great rebellion and revolution . how impressive ! scottish backwardness has never and will never go away . oh well ; i'm married to a highlander and proud of it .
0.14323504
please calm down master calvinist are you really so proud that the bank of englands founder beared your surname william paterson banker you are anachronistically trying to project the scottish enlightenment of the edinburgh establishment onto this discussion in an attempt to shut people up from a serious discussiondissent the subnational civil services of england and scotland remained separate until they saw that working together would depose the stuarts although it was the stuart dynasty which brought them together in the first place any dominance that england had in the union was parliamentary whilst the royal family was a scottish dominance it was a good tradeoff in principal but failed to satisfy all partisans in practice you deny all charges of calvinists that the stuarts attempted to impose universal anglican uniformity in the british isles what a way to xshoot yourself in the foot while glazing over the great rebellion and revolution how impressive scottish backwardness has never and will never go away oh well im married to a highlander and proud of it 
0.12607427
shoot

whaddya know ! a few months later , and we have - through peaceful dialogue ! all agree to disagree , and still respect each other in the morning . well done . = ruby
0.018471448
whaddya know a few months later and we have through peaceful dialogue all agree to deisagree and still respect each other in the morning well done ruby 
0.010240745
disagree

= = quit harrassing my talk page = = wikipedia is not a medium for harrassment . if you don't like to be reprimanded for saying stupid things , then don't say them to someone who isn't willing to put up with it . i have every right to use and build upon wikipedia as any other peaceful user . this is your last warning .
0.49651083
quit harrassing my talk page wikipedia is not a medium for harrassment if you dont like to be reprimanded for saying stupida things then dont say them to someone who isnt willing to put up with it i have every right to use and build upon wikipedia as any other peaceful user this is your last warning 
0.330104
stupid

