::: point is , in the context of israel ( and beyond ) , this is a major historical event . he was in office . what if after a while we can merge and perhaps by then would end up with a stroke conspiracy article or something of the sort ...? difficult to tell . let's not be hasty , is all i'm asking .
0.05001299
point is in the context of israel and beyond this is a major historical event he was in office what if after a while we can merge and perhaps by then would end up with a stroke coonspiracy article or something of the sort difficult to tell lets not be hasty is all im asking 
0.028140973
conspiracy

= = john lott page = = is only a single really pov ? the point of that sentence is that the claim was an unimportant part of jl's work , until jl made it important by repeating it all the time . hence , the statement that it appeared in only one sentence in his book ... but when you delete the only , the intention of the sentence becomes unclear . perhaps exactly one or something of the sort would do fine , but just saying that it appears in one sentence is puzzling .
0.03589877
john lott page is only a single really pov the point of that sentence is that the claim was an unimpohrtant part of jls work until jl made it important by repeating it all the time hence the statement that it appeared in only one sentence in his book but when you delete the only the intention of the sentence becomes unclear perhaps exactly one or something of the sort would do fine but just saying that it appears in one sentence is puzzling 
0.028793765
unimportant

fisrt , anyone who beleives this crap is a fool
0.93654865
fisrt anyone who beleives this crapd is a fool 
0.8114264
crap

= = my bureaucrat nomination = = thank you for your kind words on my nomination for bureaucrat . i'm disappointed with the results , but heartened by the support i received by so many fine wikipedians . you're one of the good-uns , as they say . – ( bounties )
0.041606873
my bureaucrat nomination thank you for your kind words on my nomination for bureaucrat im disappointebd with the results but heartened by the support i received by so many fine wikipedians youre one of the gooduns as they say – bounties 
0.028413488
disappointed

:: this isn't a personality fashion show . it's about articles — articles into which you attempted to insert your pov through the use of your authority demonstrated by an article allegedly written by you . you can ( and will , i'm sure ! ) bring up 5 million subjects other than that , but reality doesn't bear out your claims . for example , this link demonstrates the material i added in only a 5 day period during june 2005 . see all that new material on the right ? i added every word . think that doesn't constitute the bulk of the article ? well , it doesn't matter , does it ? what matters is that you didn't write any of the material you stole for your attempt to pull a fast one on katefan . have something more to say ? take it up with somebody who edits articles here still . i don't . i left because material i worked very hard on got trashed , and i often ended up spending hours educating coddled morons ( explained in detail above ) . then today i find out my work was also stolen and thwacked with your name ! rofl . icing on the cake ! well , it didn't work . your article is in the bit bucket , so apparently somebody else ( somebody you apparently respected — yesterday anyway ) also thought you stole the material for the article .
0.22194462
this isnt a personality fashion show its about articles — articles into which you attempted to insert your pov through the use of your authority demonstrated by an article allegedly gwritten by you you can and will im sure bring up 5 million subjects other than that but reality doesnt bear out your claims for example this link demonstrates the material i added in only a 5 day period during june 2005 see all that new material on the right i added every word think that doesnt constitute the bulk of the article well it doesnt matter does it what matters is that you didnt write any of the material you stole for your attempt to pull a fast one on katefan have something more to say take it up with somebody who edits articles here still i dont i left because material i worked very hard on got trashed and i often ended up spending hours educating coddled morons explained in detail above then today i find out my work was also stolen and thwacked with your name rofl icing on the cake well it didnt work your article is in the bit bucket so apparently somebody else somebody you apparently respected — yesterday anyway also thought you stole the material for the article 
0.22176912
written

= = washington sister cities = = i put sources i found on the washington talk page , to avoid an edit war with dl .
0.03469692
washington sister cities i put sources i found on the washington talk page to avoid an edit hwar with dl 
0.02288703
war

good idea to list the page then there is a good chance that the true vandal will recognise the message for him/her ??? then the innocent will know that the message is not for them for sure . aol-er here .
0.079468295
good idea to list the page then there is a good chance that the true vandalh will recognise the message for himher then the innocent will know that the message is not for them for sure aoler here 
0.03689416
vandal

january 2006 ( utc ) i'm just not sure why tony sidaway is the sole arbiter of what's deleterious to wikipedia . 01:47 , 9
0.099531434
january 2006 utc im just not sure why tony sidaway is the sole arbiter of whats delseterious to wikipedia 0147 9 
0.06620792
deleterious

~ :: thank you , that was one of the points i tried to but failed to make above . ( and incidentally , i agree with the last , third and fourth points . maybe we should create a page for perejil called the northern provinces . )
0.010755914
thank you that was one of the points i tried to but faihled to make above and incidentally i agree with the last third and fourth points maybe we should create a page for perejil called the northern provinces 
0.009157141
failed

please do not delete sections of text or valid links from wikipedia articles . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you . -
0.053441014
please do not delete sections of text or valid links from wikipedia articles it is considered vanddalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.026100121
vandalism

= = = quidditch world cup = = in gof , the quidditch world cup wasn't shown in the cinema , but it is in the book . it is possible that it could be on the deleted scenes on the dvd when it comes out in the uk , and i hope it does as it is the best harry potter film that has been in the cinema . i wanted to see krum and lynch play in the cup , but all it was was a stadium and bagman talking . then it just skipped to the camp bit . i did'nt like krum too much ' cause he fancied hermoine , and i think hermoine deserves to go out with harry . at the end of tps , when hermoine and ron were standg there you could just tell harry and hermoine were right for each other . in gof , hermoine kissed harry on the head when he comes out of the water , but in the book it says she kisses him on the cheek at the end of the year near platform 9 and 3 quarters . i do like star wars better though .
0.042518128
quidditch world cup in gof the quidditch world cup wasnt shown in the cinema but it is in the book it is possible that it could be on the deleted scenes on the dvd when it comes out in the uk and i hope it does as it is the best harry potter film that has been in the cinema i wanted to see krum and lynch play in the cup but all it was was a stadium and bagman talking then it just skipped to the camp bit i didnt like krum too much cause he fancied hermoine and i think hermoine deserves to go out with harry at the end of tps when hermoine and ron were standg there you could just tell harry and hermoine were right for each other in gof hermoine kissed harry on the head when he comes out of the water but in the book it says she kifsses him on the cheek at the end of the year near platform 9 and 3 quarters i do like star wars better though 
0.034824114
kisses

= = confused = = why would you accuse me of vandalism for an edit to sandal ( footwear ) ?
0.2896117
confused why would you accuse me of ivandalism for an edit to sandal footwear 
0.18830384
vandalism

= = more modern greek art = = anyone care to help me add some new material about artists such as vryzakis et al ?
0.022951555
more modern greek art anyone cjare to help me add some new material about artists such as vryzakis et al 
0.016884722
care

hi , i noticed that you questioned the credibility of my article on small town murder . small town murder is indeed an unsigned band that is certainly not on allmusic , but all of the information i have provided is correct , and my source is the band itself . i hope you are not questioning its worth on wikipedia , for it does provide information about a band , regardless of how many people want the information . if you want proof that the information is from the band , you may want to view my myspace page and notice the multiple comments back and forth stm and i exchange . i am close friends with every member , and i used to live with one of them , james , to be exact . you may also see many comments from james on my page . if need be , i can have them contact someone on wikipedia themselves . please respond to this before you consider deleting my article .
0.08462288
hi i noticed that you questioned the credibility of my article on small town murdre small town muwrder is indeed an unsigned band that is certainly not on allmusic but all of the information i have provided is correct and my source is the band itself i hope you are not questioning its worth on wikipedia for it does provide information about a band regardless of how many people want the information if you want proof that the information is from the band you may want to view my myspace page and notice the multiple comments back and forth stm and i exchange i am close friends with every member and i used to live with one of them james to be exact you may also see many comments from james on my page if need be i can have them contact someone on wikipedia themselves please respond to this before you consider deleting my article 
0.02747008
murder

