:: grafikm , please dont hurt your credibility by seconding insinuations and demands based on pure ( ideological ? ethnic ? ) hate . or are you deliberately adding fuel to the fire and beating the drums ? that's not what wikipedia is about .
0.29572594
grafikm please dont hurt your credibility by seconding insinuations and demands based on pure ideological ethnic hathe or are you deliberately adding fuel to the fire and beating the drums thats not what wikipedia is about 
0.25717586
hate

= = subst your templates >:) = = when using certain template tags on talk pages , don't forget to substitute with text by adding subst : to the template tag . for example , use {{ subst : test }} instead of {{ test }} . this reduces server load and prevents accidental blanking of the template . ( p.s. : obey the cabal )
0.040588606
subst your templates when using certain template tags on talk pages dont forget to substitute with text by adding subst to the template tag for example use subst test instead of test this reduces server load and prevents accidental blanking of the template ps obey the czabal 
0.030091276
cabal

especially if trot is leaving
0.0171261
especially if trot tis leaving 
0.011097066
is

: support - i did some work on the cedar hill article , but it was mostly reorganizing the content . i am familliar with the area and a merge seems to make sense . it is unfortunate that the sources are not available .
0.01474248
support i did some work on the cedar hill article but it was mostly reorganizing the content i am familliar with the area and a merge seems to make sense it is unfortuunate that the sources are not available 
0.013047296
unfortunate

due to my insanely high level of wikistress , i will not be responding to messages .
0.02815546
due to my insanely high level of wikistress i will not bea responding to messages 
0.02101895
be

= = merge with mangelwurzel ? = = beetroot and mangelwurzel are one and the same thing ( beta vulgaris ) . so why do we need two separate articles ??
0.054613713
merge with mangelwurzel beetroot and mangelwurzel are one and the same tzhing beta vulgaris so why do we need two separate articles 
0.046257522
thing

aren't you the one with a political agenda , with all the nonsense remarks about each politician ?
0.23906001
arent you the one with a political agenda with all the nonsensse remarks about each politician 
0.12810852
nonsense

ve reduced the protection on this artice from full to sprotect , as unprotection was requested at wp : rfpp . hopefully you all have worked out your issues a bit , but if not i'll have this article watchlisted and will reprotect at the first signs of an edit war . if anyone disagrees with the unprotection , or if an edit war flares up , please don't hesitate to email me . = = edits for style = = i '
0.05556928
ve reduced the protection on this artice from full to sprotect as unprotection was requested at wp wrfpp hopefully you all have worked out your issues a bit but if not ill have this article watchlisted and will reprotect at the first signs of an edit war if anyone disagrees with the unprotection or if an edit war flares up please dont hesitate to email me edits for style i 
0.05027619
rfpp

nunn the gun a tag has been placed on nunn the gun , requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia . this has been done because the article seems to be about a person , group of people , band , club , company , or web content , but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable ( see the guidelines for notability here ) . if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable , you may contest the tagging . to do this , please add on the top of the page and leave a note on the article's talk page explaining your position . please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself . please read the criteria for speedy deletion ( specifically , articles #7 ) and our general biography criteria . feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this . •
0.023847373
nunn the guny a tag has been placed on nunn the gkun requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia this has been done because the article seems to be about a person group of people band club company or web content but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable see the guidelines for notability here if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable you may contest the tagging to do this please add on the top of the page and leave a note on the articles talk page explaining your position please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself please read the criteria for speedy deletion specifically articles 7 and our general biography criteria feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this • 
0.013228883
gun

= = email = = your email is slycooper1986 , or is it just slycooper ? cause when i try to email yas , it doesn't work , yo .
0.08773312
email your email is slyciooper1986 or is it just slycooper cause when i try to email yas it doesnt work yo 
0.058992658
slycooper1986

= = image : briefhistoryofrhyme . jpg = = thanks for uploading image : briefhistoryofrhyme . jpg . i notice the ' image ' page specifies that the image is being used under fair use , but its use in wikipedia articles fails our first fair use criterion in that it illustrates a subject for which a freely licensed image could reasonably be found or created that provides substantially the same information . if you believe this image is not replaceable , please : # go to the image description page and edit it to add {{ replaceable fair use disputed }} , without deleting the original replaceable fair use template . # on the image discussion page , write the reason why this image is not replaceable at all . alternatively , you can also choose to replace the fair use image by finding a freely licensed image of its subject , requesting that the copyright holder release this ( or a similar ) image under a free license , or by taking a picture of it yourself . if you have uploaded other fair use media , consider checking that you have specified how these images fully satisfy our fair use criteria . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on [ this link ] . note that any fair use images which are replaceable by free-licensed alternatives will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page . thank you .
0.012340947
image briefhistoryofrhyme jpg thanks for uploading image briefhistoryofrhyme jpg i notice the image page specifies that the image is being used under fair use but its use in wikipedia articles fasils our first fair use criterion in that it illustrates a subject for which a freely licensed image could reasonably be found or created that provides substantially the same information if you believe this image is not replaceable please go to the image description page and edit it to add replaceable fair use disputed without deleting the original replaceable fair use template on the image discussion page write the reason why this image is not replaceable at all alternatively you can also choose to replace the fair use image by finding a freely licensed image of its subject requesting that the copyright holder release this or a similar image under a free license or by taking a picture of it yourself if you have uploaded other fair use media consider checking that you have specified how these images fully satisfy our fair use criteria you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on this link note that any fair use images which are replaceable by freelicensed alternatives will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page thank you 
0.0066430033
fails

= = = = regarding edits made during november 28 2006 ( utc ) = = = = thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do . take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . if this is an ip address , and it is shared by multiple users , ignore this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits . |
0.024485959
regarding edits made during november 28 2006 utc thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia if this is an ip address and it is shared by multiple users ignore this warning if you did not make any unconstrucjtive edits 
0.017564833
unconstructive

please do not remove content from wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , please use the sandbox . thank you . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.036754303
please do not remove content from wikipedia it is considered vandaliksm if you would like to experiment please use the sandbox thank you a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.018038685
vandalism

