::: you do not address , however , the question of why , when a pro-council site link is allowed , an anti-council ( or at least , if you look at the site , a pro-rate-payers ) site is not allowed . demiurge has decided , apparently by fiat , that my link to a forum on the subject of bangor is not allowed . he has attemped to explain this as being a commercial site ( if it was i think it would be a damn sight better looking ! ) or a site of my personal creation . this latter is not only reliant on demiurge's psychic powers to determine , but is also wrong . ::: i can see no reason to remove the link and leave the council one intact . i would prefer removal of both to removal of either . to leave one side of the story represented and not the other is censorship , no matter what rationalisation demiurge tries to place on it . there is a great deal of unhappiness in bangor at the moment about the council's actions and accountability . it is not material which could be covered in a npov entry but i believe it certainly deserves a simple link to enable those people who are interested in the town to see that there is a forum for their grievances . ::: this is all the more important since the local newpaper has been threatened with legal action by officers of the council for even printing the url which i have linked in . thus , there is a real freedom of speech issue here . i have not attempted to force this view into the article , part of which i wrote as well as taking and gifting one of the photographs for , but instead simply placed a link in the place put aside for links to bangor-related sites . ::: i require that some better defence of the removal of that link than demiurge's personal opinion be presented . if it is not , then i will simply keep adding it via proxies for the forseeable future .
0.061448578
you do not address however the question of why when a procouncil site link is allowed an anticouncil or at least if you look at the site a proratepayers site is not allowed demiurge has decided apparently by fiat that my link to a forum on the subject of bangor is not allowed he has attemped to explain this as being a commercial site if it was i think it would be a odamn sight better looking or a site of my personal creation this latter is not only reliant on demiurges psychic powers to determine but is also wrong i can see no reason to remove the link and leave the council one intact i would prefer removal of both to removal of either to leave one side of the story represented and not the other is censorship no matter what rationalisation demiurge tries to place on it there is a great deal of unhappiness in bangor at the moment about the councils actions and accountability it is not material which could be covered in a npov entry but i believe it certainly deserves a simple link to enable those people who are interested in the town to see that there is a forum for their grievances this is all the more important since the local newpaper has been threatened with legal action by officers of the council for even printing the url which i have linked in thus there is a real freedom of speech issue here i have not attempted to force this view into the article part of which i wrote as well as taking and gifting one of the photographs for but instead simply placed a link in the place put aside for links to bangorrelated sites i require that some better defence of the removal of that link than demiurges personal opinion be presented if it is not then i will simply keep adding it via proxies for the forseeable future 
0.024259148
damn

= = suckle on my dickle = = you can suck your great-grandfather's left testicles until it falls off , at which point you can roll it around it around in your mouth like a hard candy . dark abrahms
0.8735113
suckle on my dickle you can suckk your greatgrandfathers left testicles until it falls off at which point you can roll it around it around in your mouth like a hard candy dark abrahms 
0.80926764
suck

wistrich is quite clear when he states that this anti-zionism of the radical leftist camp , profoundly discriminatory towards jewish nationalism , has now spread into the mainstream liberal left , whose rhetoric relentlessly seeks to undermine the moral and historical legitimacy of a jewish state . bauer is also clear when he says it is a basically upper middle class , intellectual phenomenon . it is widespread in the media , in universities , and in well manicured circles . typical is the statement of the french ambassador to britain at a cocktail party , later reported in the british press , referring to israel , with typical diplomatic politeness and finesse , as that shitty little country . when chesler talks about the new anti-semitism from the left , she's talking about her old buddies ; none of them are talking about wild-eyed marxists .
0.48371318
wistrich is quite clear when he states that this antizionism of the radical leftist camp profoundly discriminatory towards jewish nationalism has now spread into the mainstream liberal left whose rhetoric relentlessly seeks to undermine the moral and historical legitimacy of a jewish state bauer is also clear when he says it is a basically upper middle class intellectual phenomenon it is widespread in the media in universities and in well manicured circles typical is the statement of the french ambassador to britain at a cocktail party later reported in the british press referring to israel with typical diplomatic politeness and finesse as that shittty little country when chesler talks about the new antisemitism from the left shes talking about her old buddies none of them are talking about wildeyed marxists 
0.15779848
shitty

= = vinogradov npov dispute = = i am unsure if you were right to remove the npov tag over at the ivan matveyevich vinogradov article . the tag remained there since the math achievements section remains a stub whilst the section on his soviet system complicity is way longer . while i do despise i.m.v. for his behaviour outlined in the later section , i think that the imbalance mentioned above ( and also is discussed on the talk page ; b.t.w. , i don't see how this has been addressed despite your check-in comment ) is worth the tag kept . i suggest you either restore the tag , or , especially if you are good enough at number theory and history of mathematics , expand his math achievements/general bio .
0.04715005
vinogradov npov dispute i am unsure if you were right to remove the npov tag over at the ivan matveyevich vinogradov article the tag remained there since the math achievements section remains a stub whilst the section on his soviet system complicity is way longer while i do despisle imv for his behaviour outlined in the later section i think that the imbalance mentioned above and also is discussed on the talk page btw i dont see how this has been addressed despite your checkin comment is worth the tag kept i suggest you either restore the tag or especially if you are good enough at number theory and history of mathematics expand his math achievementsgeneral bio 
0.028180007
despise

= = remembering 9/11 = = i am placing mr. cunningham's filmography before the remembering 9/11 section , because it makes no sense to place the latter before even mentioning that mr. cunningham directed the path to 9/11 . i am also introducing mr. nowrasteh's article with a mention of the controversy surrounding that film , because otherwise there is no context whatsoever for his article here . i am also providing a citation for the article as well . furthermore , i don't believe it's necessary to print the entire article , just the section relevent to mr. cunningham . please discuss here if anyone has objections or would like clarification .
0.012426928
remembering 911 i am placing mr cunninghams filmography before the remembering 911 section because it makes no senswe to place the latter before even mentioning that mr cunningham directed the path to 911 i am also introducing mr nowrastehs article with a mention of the controversy surrounding that film because otherwise there is no context whatsoever for his article here i am also providing a citation for the article as well furthermore i dont believe its necessary to print the entire article just the section relevent to mr cunningham please discuss here if anyone has objections or would like clarification 
0.0069656163
sense

= = is it pearman or pearlman ? = = look into it .
0.08237048
is it pearmagn or pearlman look into it 
0.048369486
pearman

= = re : preview = = i do use it . why do you ask ?
0.028283596
pre preview i do use it why do you ask 
0.018973105
re

- ; avoidant vandalism : removing {{ afd }} , and other related tags in order to conceal deletion candidates or avert deletion of such articles . note that this is often mistakenly done by new users who are unfamiliar with * fd procedures and such users should be given the benefit of the doubt and pointed to the proper page to discuss the issue . ; changing people's comments : editing signed comments by another user to substantially change their meaning ( e.g. turning someone's vote around ) , except when removing a personal attack ( which is somewhat controversial in and of itself ) . signifying that a comment is unsigned is an exception . e.g. ( unsigned comment from user ) ; talk page vandalism : deleting the comments of other users from article talk pages , aside from removal of internal spam , or deleting entire sections of talk pages , is generally considered vandalism . removing personal attacks is often considered legitimate , and it is considered acceptable to archive an overly long talk page to a separate file and then remove the text from the main talk page . the above does not apply to the user's own talk page , where users generally are permitted to remove and archive comments at their discretion , except in cases of legitimate warnings , which they are generally prohibited from removing , especially where the intention of the removal is to mislead other editors . -
0.038300708
avoidant avndalism removing afd and other related tags in order to conceal deletion candidates or avert deletion of such articles note that this is often mistakenly done by new users who are unfamiliar with fd procedures and such users should be given the benefit of the doubt and pointed to the proper page to discuss the issue changing peoples comments editing signed comments by another user to substantially change their meaning eg turning someones vote around except when removing a personal attack which is somewhat controversial in and of itself signifying that a comment is unsigned is an exception eg unsigned comment from user talk page vndalism deleting the comments of other users from article talk pages aside from removal of internal spam or deleting entire sections of talk pages is generally considered vandaklism removing personal attacks is often considered legitimate and it is considered acceptable to archive an overly long talk page to a separate file and then remove the text from the main talk page the above does not apply to the users own talk page where users generally are permitted to remove and archive comments at their discretion except in cases of legitimate warnings which they are generally prohibited from removing especially where the intention of the removal is to mislead other editors 
0.027995469
vandalism

= = std = = is this an std ? can it be transmitted through rimming ?
0.30745757
s t d is this an stod can it be transmitted through rimming 
0.19391273
std

: i'm sorry , with weirdo racist quotes , i meant that they are not just racist but also really weird , i did not mean that you are weird for bringing them up .
0.49288806
im sorry with weirdo rfacist quotes i meant that they are not just racisct but also really weird i did not mean that you are weird for bringing them up 
0.2739657
racist

= = telephone waiting period = = i've removed this citation of an example : : for example , before privatization , a consumer or business would need to wait up to 10 years to get a local telephone line installed from the monopolistic state-run telephone company . a couple of years after privatization , the wait was reduced to just a few days . this unsourced claim had been challenged and now someone is claiming personal experience as the source ( which would make it original research ) . the citation of a precise period of this magnitude for installation of a phone line isn't especially incredible , however if it's true it should be reliably sourced .
0.021223344
telephone waiting period ive removed this citation of an example for example before privatization a consumer or business would need to wait up to 10 years to get a local telephone line installed from the monopolistic staterun telephone company a couple of years after privatization the wait was reduced to just a few days this unsourcedc claim had been challenged and now someone is claiming personal experience as the source which would make it original research the citation of a precise period of this magnitude for installation of a phone line isnt especially incredible however if its true it should be reliably sourced 
0.020874618
unsourced

= = your edits to sexually transmitted disease = =
0.54639494
your edits to sexually transmitted diseayse 
0.54265535
disease

your edits to cotton gin
0.17770866
your edits to ctotton gin 
0.12519348
cotton

you are really a stupid fuck if you dont even know your teams history yilmaz gokdel was a real galatasarayli and he coached galatasaray in the seventies your list says gokdel was never coach . thats not corret gokdel was succeeded by don hawe !! that means that gokdel started off as coach of the 74-75 he even won a cup with galatasaray ataturk cup
0.8929983
you are really a stupid fzuck if you dont even know your teams history yilmaz gokdel was a real galatasarayli and he coached galatasaray in the seventies your list says gokdel was never coach thats not corret gokdel was succeeded by don hawe that means that gokdel started off as coach of the 7475 he even won a cup with galatasaray ataturk cup 
0.63814914
fuck

it seems almost sad that you had to read my whole userpage just to find something clever to say about me , and when that came , it was an almost disappointing remark about the quality of my edits to an on-line enyclopedia . may i ask that you please do the following : * die * be more considerate to other users . * consider comments in your head before you type them onto my talk page , which is getting kind of full . * have more consideration for the cracking of my computer's monitor upon the posting of your picture there . how inconsiderate , i had to get a new one ... thank you ,
0.23025824
it seems almost sad that you had to read my whole userpage just to find something clever to say about me and when that came it was an almost disappointing remark about the quality of my edits to an online enyclopedia may i ask that you please do the following die be more considerate to other users consider comments in your head before you type them onto my talk page which is getting kind of full have more consideration for the cracking of my computers monitor upon the posting of your picture there how inconsiderat e i had to get a new one thank you 
0.13429318
inconsiderate

:: is bullseye considered superhuman ? or is he like hawkeye an extraordinary talented marksman ?
0.04757132
ics bullseye considered superhuman or isu he like hawkeye an extraordinary talented marksman 
0.032752376
is

there are no similar articles about vaginoplasty technique regarding any other vaginoplasty surgeon , among the various vaginoplasty surgeons listed on the anne lawrence transsexual women's resources site , for the precise reason that meltzer's technique has been innovative . that is why dr. lawrence went to the trouble of standing in during surgery to photograph the entire procedure and create her presentation about it . . note also that dr. lawrence chose toby meltzer's patient set for the same reason , among others , when implementing a vaginoplasty patient survey . , and her additional notice given toby meltzer over other surgeons then practicing as follows :
0.007885189
there are no similar articles about v a g i n o p l a s t y technique regarding any other vaginoplastmy surgeon among the various vaginoplasyt surgeons listed on the anne lawrence transsexual womens resources site for the precise reason that meltzers technique has been innovative that is why dr lawrence went to the trouble of standing in during surgery to photograph the entire procedure and create her presentation about it note also that dr lawrence chose toby meltzers patient set for the same reason among others when implementing a vaginoplgasty patient survey and her additional notice given toby meltzer over other surgeons then practicing as follows 
0.0046898397
vaginoplasty

: colored people doesnt mean blacks .. during that time there were yellow which was asian , red which was native american , black which negro , jews weren't considered to be white nor caucasion , and white which was caucasian . while this debate ravages on , i'll simply place a dubious argument on the page . you can say who the magazine was started for , but you've provided no proof on who it was started for . since you quoted pbs . i'll share with you another statement from the same website . du bois made the crisis into a militant voice in the crusade for black civil rights and for the rights of all people of color
0.2668928
colored people doesnt mean blacks during that time there were yellow which was asian red which was native american black which negro jewss werent considered to be white nor caucasion and white which was caucasian while this debate ravages on ill simply place a dubious argument on the page you can say who the magazine was started for but youve provided no proof on who it was started for since you quoted pbs ill share with you another statement from the same website du bois made the crisis into a militant voice in the crusade for black civil rights and for the rights of all people of color 
0.24674356
jews

