:: you are not worth the effort . you are arguing like viriditas and pename now . 24 hours really means 24 and a half hours . four reverts in more than 24 hours is violating the spirit of the three revert in 24 hour rule - as interpreted by you . so tough . who needs rules ? just make it up as you go along and do what you want - call it discretion . you violate the rules by blocking me then claim i violated the spirit of the rule . your violation is debatable like the occupied territories are disputed . you are just abusing your authority to push your petty authoritarian agenda that obviously reflects your personal insecurities . you think you can threaten and bully me . and i guess you won't be reverting so quickly in future , will you now ? what a weasel . please go ahead and contribute your petty complaints to ban me so i don't bother wasting my time on a project populated by immature arrogant twerps , fascist zionist bigots , islamophobe hate-mongers , bunch of lameass bigots and losers . why waste my time ?
0.6320393
you are not worth the effort you are arguing like viriditas and pename now 24 hours really means 24 and a half hours four reverts in more than 24 hours is violating the spirit of the three revert in 24 hour rule as interpreted by you so tough who needs rules just make it up as you go along and do what you want call it discretion you violate the rules by blocking me then claim i violated the spirit of the rule your violation is debatable like the occupied territories are disputed you are just abusing your authority to push your petty authoritarian agenda that obviously reflects your personal insecurities you think you can threaten and bully me and i guess you wont be reverting so quickly in future will you now what a weasel please go ahead and contribute your petty complaints to ban me so i dont bother wasting my time on a project populated by immature arroganx twerps fascist zionist bigots islamophobe hatemongers bunch of lameass bigots and losers why waste my time 
0.577614
arrogant, arroganx; 

i am using the sandbox , ass wipe
0.865142
i am using the sandbox asj wipe 
0.2408742
ass, asj; 

