you are full of shit sir . you are clearly one of those racist who lurk all over the internet looking oit shut down viewpoints that differ from yours and expose truths covered in fantasy . there is no reason that you should have blocked me or even said anything . what you should have done is to reply to what was written with intelligence . since you did not , it is clear that you lack it . you are the prime reason why the internet community is finally realizng that this site is a joke and is covered by clowns with agendas . that is , people who want to put forth propaganda . as for the use your brain comment . if i had not been blocked , it would not have been written now would it have been ? i know , you will try to block me 100% . all that will do is make me get other ip's and get into disruptive behavior . the best thing for you to do is to just unblock me and mind you business . i have gotten other renegade editors kicked off of this site you know . i am not new and my ip is not that one from years past ...
0.6833059
you are full of shnt sir you are clearly one of those racist who lurk all over the internet looking oit shut down viewpoints that differ from yours and expose truths covered in fantasy there is no reason that you should have blocked me or even said anything what you should have done is to reply to what was written with intelligence since you did not it is clear that you lack it you are the prime reason why the internet community is finally realizng that this site is a joke and is covered by clowns with agendas that is people who want to put forth propaganda as for the use your brain comment if i had not been blocked it would not have been written now would it have been i know you will try to block me 100 all that will do is make me get other ips and get into disruptive behavior the best thing for you to do is to just unblock me and mind you business i have gotten other renegade editors kicked off of this site you know i am not new and my ip is not that one from years past 
0.48191425
shit, shnt; 

