figure out the main profile that created omnicron5 and delete everything about him . i was once the webmaster for theofficial sites of both of these celebs , and it's theonly edits he made ... deleting the external links . don't have time for these assholes . i would prefer my clients not be associated with wiki , but they are here , therefore , the official links stay , and the trolls go . or i will just take legal action . you choose . no , i will not id myself , and i have plenty of systems to login from . so , just do it . my message to the troll .... to : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/user:omicron8 well , the proof is in your psychotic editing routine . get a fucking life already . jesus christ , how sad you must be to exist . how interesting that the only contribution you gave is to : http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title kathy_najimy&diff ; 147810076&oldid ; 147709505 and http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sam_harris_%28singer%29 and the only thing you do is remove the links to the official web sites and ironically , both web sites had the same webmaster at some point . hmmmm using this omnitroll name ( like i don't know who you are retard ?! ) you can stop vandalizing those two pages now you fucking pathetic moron . cc : jimbo wales rootmyass
0.8803142
figure out the main profile that created omnicron5 and delete everything about him i was once the webmaster for theofficial sites of both of these celebs and its theonly edits he made deleting the external links dont have time for these assholes i would prefer my clients not be associated with wiki but they are here therefore the official links stay and the trolls go or i will just take legal action you choose no i will not id myself and i have plenty of systems to login from so just do it my message to the troll to httpenwikipediaorgwikiuseromicron8 well the proof is in your psychotic editing routine get a fuckwing life already jesus christ how sad you must be to exist how interesting that the only contribution you gave is to httpenwikipediaorgwindexphptitle kathynajimydiff 147810076oldid 147709505 and httpenwikipediaorgwikisamharris28singer29 and the only thing you do is remove the links to the official web sites and ironically both web sites had the same webmaster at some point hmmmm using this omnitroll name like i dont know who you are retard you can stop vandalizing those two pages now you fucklng pathetic moron cc jimbo wales rootmyass 
0.6366115
fucking, fuckwing; fucking, fucklng; 

irrelevent . straw man arguement . no one said ht alone was radicallzing muslim youth .
0.15593794
irrelpvent straw man arguement no one said ht alone was radicallzing muslim youth 
0.104839556
irrelevent, irrelpvent; 

