where do you get off deleting that ? it took me ages to do and you jus come and delete it , all the while leaving your shitty mtv bollox up , you fucking americans are nothing but a bunch of fucking hicks . your presidents a fucking redneck hick and i cant wait to see the day when that bastard gets a nuke up his arse !!!
0.9843343
where do you get off deleting that it took me ages to do and you jus come and delete it all the while leaving your shitty mtv bollox up you fuckinkg americans are nothing but a bunch of fcuking hicks your presidents a jucking redneck hick and i cant wait to see the day when that bastard gets a nuke up his arse 
0.9319968
fucking, fuckinkg; fucking, fcuking; fucking, jucking; 

you make me sick is nothing compared to the comment made about me by a fellow wikipedia user . go ahead and ride your high horse , above it all . wikipedia is the sorriest excuse for an encyclopedia i have ever had the misfortune to come across , not only you make me sick , but the one-sided policies of wikipedia make me sick as well . there is no npov when it comes to certain topics , and you and all the admins should be ashamed to call this garbage an encyclopedia .
0.5824443
you make me sick is nothing compared to the comment made about me by a fellow wikipedia user go ahead and ride your high horse above it all wikipedia is the sorriest excuse for an encyclopedia i have ever had the misfortune to come across not only you make me sick but the onesided policies of wikipedia make me sick as well there is no npov when it comes to certain topics and you and all the admins should be ashamed to call this garbfge an encyclopedia 
0.47665855
garbage, garbfge; 

so everytime i reset my modem my ip changes fuck you petty sexless ugly ass desperate no life .. no status in society anal retentive wiki admins ( the site is great .. but the lower level admins have no life and can't handle the little authority they have .. it tells you how small and pathetic their lives are ) if i get blocked ill be on in 20 seconds with a new ip or the pizza is free . cheers .
0.9021313
so everytime i reset my modem my ip changes fsck you petty sexless ugly ass desperate no life no status in society anal retentive wiki admins the site is great but the lower level admins have no life and cant handle the little authority they have it tells you how small and pathetic their lives are if i get blocked ill be on in 20 seconds with a new ip or the pizza is free cheers 
0.7755718
fuck, fsck; 

