comp.tr i'm assuming you're the same moroccan faggot ( retard ) that perpetuated the idiocy that plagued all north africa related articles a while back ? and like most neo-colonized lobodomized fucks , you only play a significant role as a detrimental toady to parties that should not meddle in affairs concerning the region in the first place but do because of passive , lobodomized , dickless , lifeless faggots such as yourself . well , i am saddened that you have surfaced from what should have been a deadly , bloody accident . i am , however , rather amused by your flaunting of the revolutionary spirit , as i am certain you haven't an iota of it in you , little weakling . we will find out whether or not you do , however , when we visit you in the near future ( yes , we know who you are and how you look and what you do ) . you will undoubtedly deploy your big admin tools . i hope your blind and ignorant admin tools do not fail you then but i know that they will . until then , on with your anti-intellectualism .
0.72967297
comptr im assuming youre the same moroccan faggot retard that perpetuated the idiocy that plagued all north africa related articles a while back and like most neocolonized lobodomized funks you only play a significant role as a detrimental toady to parties that should not meddle in affairs concerning the region in the first place but do because of passive lobodomized dickless lifeless faggots such as yourself well i am saddened that you have surfaced from what should have been a deadly bloody accident i am however rather amused by your flaunting of the revolutionary spirit as i am certain you havent an iota of it in you little weakling we will find out whether or not you do however when we visit you in the near future yes we know who you are and how you look and what you do you will undoubtedly deploy your big admin tools i hope your blind and ignorant admin tools do not fail you then but i know that they will until then on with your antiintellectualism 
0.70189035
fucks, funks;

why are you ugly and fat ?
0.9024746
why are you uglr and fat 
0.79043967
ugly, uglr;

i am the sockpuppet that that idiot akradecki keeps thinking he see behind every bush and i can assure you that i had nothing to do with this . i have been watching asskrack , billcj and bzuk for a while now and everytime they see something they don ; t like or cannot handle they go ahead and delete it because they claim it's sock puppetry . all three of them are out fo control . don ; t expect any help from the admin john either . he backs asskrack up every time .
0.6931124
i am the soekpuppet that that idiot akradecki keeps thinking he see behind every bush and i can assure you that i had nothing to do with this i have been watching asskrack billcj and bzuk for a while now and everytime they see something they don t like or cannot handle they go ahead and delete it because they claim its sock puppetry all three of them are out fo control don t expect any help from the admin john either he backs asskrack up every time 
0.6864599
sockpuppet, soekpuppet;

