why are you being so rude ? i only want to help you motherfuckers . fuck ! retards ! you're such retards ! i hope you all die ! seriously , die !!!
0.9850738
why are you being so rude i only want to help you motherfuckers fucj retards youre such retards i hope you all die seriously die 
0.97810775
fuck, fucj; 

fuck you ! fuck you ! you are uncivil to continue to waste my time and to continue to write me message ! i dont care about wikipedia i just use it for my user page so fuck you hahahahhahahaha ! suicide yourself please you are a dirty dust in this society . my user page cannot be deleted so fuck you hahahah lamer wasting people time is crime . i will sue your mind .
0.9826916
fudk you fuik you you are uncivil to continue to waste my time and to continue to write me message i dont care about wikipedia i just use it for my user page so dfuck you hahahahhahahaha suicide yourself please you are a dirty dust in this society my user page cannot be deleted so fucp you hahahah lamer wasting people time is crime i will sue your mind 
0.80583906
fuck, fudk; fuck, fuik; fuck, dfuck; fuck, fucp; 

only when it suits you will you say hypocrisy like well , technically a wiki article shouldn't have a criticism section . of course ! lmao . when it is your precious obama , you defend against not having one . when it is obama's competitors or ( brace yourself ) a republican , then the criticism section becomes mandatory ! utter hypocrisy ! this website is an aboslute joke .
0.6506569
only when it suits you will you say hypocpisy like well technically a wiki article shouldnt have a criticism section of course lmao when it is your precious obama you defend against not having one when it is obamas competitors or brace yourself a republican then the criticism section becomes mandatory utter hykocrisy this website is an aboslute joke 
0.40891534
hypocrisy, hypocpisy; hypocrisy, hykocrisy; 

i will rejoice at the death of this garbage website that poses as npov , when in reality it is a platform for people to control knowledge .
0.42242754
i will rejoice at the death of this garbags website that poses as npov when in reality it is a platform for people to control knowledge 
0.13366
garbage, garbags; 

