:::::::: :: yes , douche , but an article does have to be neutral . happyme22 has consistently been aggressiv in keeping the nancy reagan article skewed towards her favor . if you check that article's talk page , you will see several admissions by him that he is clearly in her favor , and that his edits to her article are aggressive in such a manner that there should be no question of his bias . that you ( and other adtiors/administrators ) have been so lax in blocking him for making non-npov edits to her articleonly goes to prove -again- that wikipedia is nothing more than a media manipulated brainwashing machine . fuck you , wikipedai , you just lost a user ever . :: yes , douche , but an article does have to be neutral . happyme22 has consistently been aggressiv in keeping the nancy reagan article skewed towards her favor . if you check that article's talk page , you will see several admissions by him that he is clearly in her favor , and that his edits to her article are aggressive in such a manner that there should be no question of his bias . that you ( and other adtiors/administrators ) have been so lax in blocking him for making non-npov edits to her articleonly goes to prove -again- that wikipedia is nothing more than a media manipulated brainwashing machine . fuck you , wikipedai , you just lost a user ever . :: yes , douche , but an article does have to be neutral . happyme22 has consistently been aggressiv in keeping the nancy reagan article skewed towards her favor . if you check that article's talk page , you will see several admissions by him that he is clearly in her favor , and that his edits to her article are aggressive in such a manner that there should be no question of his bias . that you ( and other adtiors/administrators ) have been so lax in blocking him for making non-npov edits to her articleonly goes to prove -again- that wikipedia is nothing more than a media manipulated brainwashing machine . fuck you , wikipedai , you just lost a user ever . :: yes , douche , but an article does have to be neutral . happyme22 has consistently been aggressiv in keeping the nancy reagan article skewed towards her favor . if you check that article's talk page , you will see several admissions by him that he is clearly in her favor , and that his edits to her article are aggressive in such a manner that there should be no question of his bias . that you ( and other adtiors/administrators ) have been so lax in blocking him for making non-npov edits to her articleonly goes to prove -again- that wikipedia is nothing more than a media manipulated brainwashing machine . fuck you , wikipedai , you just lost a user ever .
0.7902958
yes douche but an article does have to be neutral happyme22 has consistently been aggressiv in keeping the nancy reagan article skewed towards her favor if you check that articles talk page you will see several admissions by him that he is clearly in her favor and that his edits to her article are aggressive in such a manner that there should be no question of his bias that you and other adtiorsadministrators have been so lax in blocking him for making nonnpov edits to her articleonly goes to prove again that wikipedia is nothing more than a media manipulated brainwashing machine fcuck you wikipedai you just lost a user ever yes douche but an article does have to be neutral happyme22 has consistently been aggressiv in keeping the nancy reagan article skewed towards her favor if you check that articles talk page you will see several admissions by him that he is clearly in her favor and that his edits to her article are aggressive in such a manner that there should be no question of his bias that you and other adtiorsadministrators have been so lax in blocking him for making nonnpov edits to her articleonly goes to prove again that wikipedia is nothing more than a media manipulated brainwashing machine hfuck you wikipedai you just lost a user ever yes douche but an article does have to be neutral happyme22 has consistently been aggressiv in keeping the nancy reagan article skewed towards her favor if you check that articles talk page you will see several admissions by him that he is clearly in her favor and that his edits to her article are aggressive in such a manner that there should be no question of his bias that you and other adtiorsadministrators have been so lax in blocking him for making nonnpov edits to her articleonly goes to prove again that wikipedia is nothing more than a media manipulated brainwashing machine fuak you wikipedai you just lost a user ever yes douche but an article does have to be neutral happyme22 has consistently been aggressiv in keeping the nancy reagan article skewed towards her favor if you check that articles talk page you will see several admissions by him that he is clearly in her favor and that his edits to her article are aggressive in such a manner that there should be no question of his bias that you and other adtiorsadministrators have been so lax in blocking him for making nonnpov edits to her articleonly goes to prove again that wikipedia is nothing more than a media manipulated brainwashing machine fucw you wikipedai you just lost a user ever 
0.29430965
fuck, fcuck; fuck, hfuck; fuck, fuak; fuck, fucw; 

sunshine quit being such an asshole stating the facts of what actually appears in the finished film is not opinion or original research . are you on crack or just stupid ? be advised that an official complaint has now been filed about you with wikimedia .
0.7927366
sunshine quit being such an assvole stating the facts of what actually appears in the finished film is not opinion or original research are you on crack or just stupid be advised that an official complaint has now been filed about you with wikimedia 
0.54642147
asshole, assvole; 

why don't you go to hell , how's that fool ! i don't like liars !!! i hate liars !!! and if change this shit one more time , i will report your ass !!!!!!!!!!
0.96487355
why dont you go to hell hows that fool i dont like liars i hate liars and if change this shit one more time i will report your qss 
0.93994737
ass, qss; 

