go fuck yourself go fuck yourself
0.9883376
go fuek yourself go fucy yourself 
0.71107495
fuck, fuek; fuck, fucy; 

oh man you're just a lulzy cow . in the few seconds it takes me to do anything it looks like you spend countless hours overreacting by notifying admins with your bitching and moaning over completely trivial shit . and you're basically telling them to ban me because you're pissed off . when all you have to do is just revert my edits and not say anything if it bothers you that bad . you're 32 for christs sake and your battling a bunch of kids on the internet . i hope you feel real proud of yourself . and don't forget to look back that it was all over a simple add of alex jones to the see also section of tin-foil hat . this isn't a war like you want it to be , with your signs of relief that i'm gone for a day . it's just for the lulz and you're supplying them in mass quantities . peace ! don't bother responding cause i'm not going to bother reading it ever .
0.62136585
oh man youre just a lulzy cow in the few seconds it takes me to do anything it looks like you spend countless hours overreacting by notifying admins with your bitching and moaning over completely trivial sbit and youre basically telling them to ban me because youre pissed off when all you have to do is just revert my edits and not say anything if it bothers you that bad youre 32 for christs sake and your battling a bunch of kids on the internet i hope you feel real proud of yourself and dont forget to look back that it was all over a simple add of alex jones to the see also section of tinfoil hat this isnt a war like you want it to be with your signs of relief that im gone for a day its just for the lulz and youre supplying them in mass quantities peace dont bother responding cause im not going to bother reading it ever 
0.53201085
shit, sbit; 

wesley bartz likes to suck cock . loves that cock . he can't live without the cock
0.96392107
wesley bartz likes to suck cocw loves that coyk he cant live without the xock 
0.8566642
cock, cocw; cock, coyk; cock, xock; 

especially you fuck you for fucking up wikipedia . you can rot in hell you piece of shit .
0.98900014
especially you fjck you for fucking up wikipedia you can rot in hell you piece of shit 
0.98363554
fuck, fjck; 

hey vacuos , empty- minded cola ! get a life ! the reason no one has edited your garbage articles is because no one cares ! only cult fanatics , who have major emotional problems , care about dahn yoga and its scummy leader !!!!!! how much do you want to bet that there aren't sources in the korean language listing your beloved ilchee bastard as the deviant , greedy prick he is ???? why are none of these sources up ? or the fact that lee's former devotees have gone public with allegations of all sorts of evildoing ? end the sham ! you care as much for wiki as any other cult fanatic . the articles you helped to edit are a remote cry from fair , balanced , or factual . end the sham , take a good look in the mirror , and at the same time look at your own cynical self , and how it is that in a world filled with morals , spirituality , and culture , you chose such a false and criminal- like path . bring on the criticism , as only a cola dahn nutjob would !
0.7246778
hey vacuos empty minded cola get a life the reason no one has edited your garbage articles is because no one cares only cult fanatics who have major emotional problems care about dahn yoga and its scummy leader how much do you want to bet that there arent sources in the korean language listing your beloved ilchee baitard as the deviant greedy prick he is why are none of these sources up or the fact that lees former devotees have gone public with allegations of all sorts of evildoing end the sham you care as much for wiki as any other cult fanatic the articles you helped to edit are a remote cry from fair balanced or factual end the sham take a good look in the mirror and at the same time look at your own cynical self and how it is that in a world filled with morals spirituality and culture you chose such a false and criminal like path bring on the criticism as only a cola dahn nutjob would 
0.50310725
bastard, baitard; 

