the reason is that you are too lazy to clear all the crap in english wiki .
0.74530065
the reason is that you are too lazy to clear all the crtp in english wiki 
0.4802331
crap, crtp; 

dirty boy you are a dirty , dirty boy . dirty boy . come here to mommy and pull your wee-wee out . pull it out further , stretch it out . is that as far as it goes ? ok . now hold it still while mommy takes a puff off her glass pipe . then mommy is going to hold the pipe against the dirty boy's penis ... it will hurt but its only because mommy loves her dirty little boy ... hold still ...
0.8660691
diryt boy you are a dirpty dirtyd boy dinty boy come here to mommy and pull your weewee out pull it out further stretch it out is that as far as it goes ok now hold it still while mommy takes a puff off her glass pipe then mommy is going to hold the pipe against the  boys penis it will hurt but its only because mommy loves her dirtx little boy hold still 
0.72756934
dirty, diryt; dirty, dirpty; dirty, dirtyd; dirty, dinty; dirty, ; dirty, dirtx; 

i can not believe that i got into husonds evil trap again , how smart ! just because those people were in favor does not mean that i created them and sock puppeting or whatever was the reason . i posted several post on the caucasus forum and asked people to express their opinion . to do that they created an account and they were accused of sock puppeting . the only proof was that all of them had posted on the european forum only and therefore were sock puppets . ofcourse they did not post on anything else as they were not the regular users and even if they wanted to post on something else , they could not because they were blocked immediately ! there were other people who were in favor of those changes . stop making me look like i am stupid . if i wanted sock puppeting i would somehow wait a little and make them edit completely different articles . i'am not as naive as some of the people in here might think or might want me to be . :: after i was blocked , completely everything was reverted , even what was made under concensus which signifies that some user in here could not wait to ban me in order to implement their evil and biased plans on this website who they thinks belongs to them and several others , and do things like european portion population that god knows where they took from and they dont even count it as a flaw . double standards ... now i know that it is better to break your head , than to break your name '' because who will believe a silly student like me after me trying to make someone look european ..... they will always believe husond ( a proud european ) and the likes . thanks god that they are so powerful only in wikipedia and have different worthless awards . they dont have a real knowledge about real life .... when he was making up those european portion numbers under some unexisting consensus , he was very active , where is he now ???! why does not he do anything to fix it ? banning me is not gonna fix it is it ? but he likes it because everything will be the way he wants it , and who cares if its wrong . ( except several people like tomeasy and etc . ) husond - your reign is over . you may ban whoever or whatever you want ... it is not gonna help , the problem is still here and the problem is created artificially by people like you , who dont like the truth . shameful ....
0.3867502
i can not believe that i got into husonds evil trap again how smart just because those people were in favor does not mean that i created them and sock puppeting or whatever was the reason i posted several post on the caucasus forum and asked people to express their opinion to do that they created an account and they were accused of sock puppeting the only proof was that all of them had posted on the european forum only and therefore were sock puppets ofcourse they did not post on anything else as they were not the regular users and even if they wanted to post on something else they could not because they were blocked immediately there were other people who were in favor of those changes stop making me look like i am stupyd if i wanted sock puppeting i would somehow wait a little and make them edit completely different articles iam not as naive as some of the people in here might think or might want me to be after i was blocked completely everything was reverted even what was made under concensus which signifies that some user in here could not wait to ban me in order to implement their evil and biased plans on this website who they thinks belongs to them and several others and do things like european portion population that god knows where they took from and they dont even count it as a flaw double standards now i know that it is better to break your head than to break your name because who will believe a silly student like me after me trying to make someone look european they will always believe husond a proud european and the likes thanks god that they are so powerful only in wikipedia and have different worthless awards they dont have a real knowledge about real life when he was making up those european portion numbers under some unexisting consensus he was very active where is he now why does not he do anything to fix it banning me is not gonna fix it is it but he likes it because everything will be the way he wants it and who cares if its wrong except several people like tomeasy and etc husond your reign is over you may ban whoever or whatever you want it is not gonna help the problem is still here and the problem is created artificially by people like you who dont like the truth shameful 
0.3057763
stupid, stupyd; 

a question for ejf why is it you persist in deleting my delete on the page about nothing . for a page to be about nothing it must have nothing on it or it is about something . now if you're going to be that much of a boring old git about it perhaps you should spend your time trying to make somebody elses world a little less fun or do you enjoy making things more boring than they could be ?
0.336237
a question for ejf why is it you persist in deleting my delete on the page about nothing for a page to be about nothing it must have nothing on it or it is about something now if youre going to be that much of a yboring old git about it perhaps you should spend your time trying to make somebody elses world a little less fun or do you enjoy making things more boriog than they could be 
0.19696938
boring, yboring; boring, boriog; 

