to stick up your arse .
0.9301924
to stick up your rrse 
0.69711256
arse, rrse; 

: the user's final edit was to blank his talk page with the edit summary fuck it . the page blanking was reverted because of an active block . the block is no longer active , the user has not returned to wikipedia , and i think it is pretty clear that fuck it is the equivalent of i am retiring from wikipedia . it seems to me that if someone has expressed quite clearly that they don't want to come back to wikipedia and that they don't want their sad saga displayed on their talk page for all eternity , that is within their rights . : also , i question whether the initial reversion of the page blanking was even according to policy . show me one policy that says you cannot blank active block messages on your talk page , hmmm ? while wp : drc is merely a guideline , there is a distinct lack of wikipedia policy limiting what kind of content users can remove from their talk page . i happen to think there should be policy limiting what a person is allowed to remove from their own talk page ( e.g. warnings < 24 hours old and active block notices ) but as it currently stands there is no such policy , at least not that i can find . ( if i am wrong , please enlighten me ! ) : if i have to abide by rules i think are dumb , then so does everybody else . in fact , that is the difference between us and karaku karaku disagreed with the rules so he chose to aggressively break them and call everyone else ignorant . i disagree with the rules , but i realize they have been formed by community consensus and so i will abide by them as long as they are in place . and by my interpretation of the current rules , karaku's blanking of the talk page should never have been reverted . : furthermore , while i recognize that i was using the word vanish imprecisely , it appears to be a longstanding tradition in wikipedia that if a user wants to just leave and clear out the ugly history of their wrongdoing , they have the right to do that . karaku very clearly indicated a desire to do just that ( is there really that much difference between putting a banner saying retired at the top of your talk page vs . blanking the thing with the edit summary fuck it ? ) . : anyway , i'm obviously not going to get in an edit war over a retired user's talk page . i'm just sort of surprised at the insistence to leave all this stuff in place when the user doesn't want it and wikipedia policy provides no mechanism to override those wishes ...
0.4844146
the users final edit was to blank his talk page with the edit summary futk it the page blanking was reverted because of an active block the block is no longer active the user has not returned to wikipedia and i think it is pretty clear that ufck it is the equivalent of i am retiring from wikipedia it seems to me that if someone has expressed quite clearly that they dont want to come back to wikipedia and that they dont want their sad saga displayed on their talk page for all eternity that is within their rights also i question whether the initial reversion of the page blanking was even according to policy show me one policy that says you cannot blank active block messages on your talk page hmmm while wp drc is merely a guideline there is a distinct lack of wikipedia policy limiting what kind of content users can remove from their talk page i happen to think there should be policy limiting what a person is allowed to remove from their own talk page eg warnings 24 hours old and active block notices but as it currently stands there is no such policy at least not that i can find if i am wrong please enlighten me if i have to abide by rules i think are dumb then so does everybody else in fact that is the difference between us and karaku karaku disagreed with the rules so he chose to aggressively break them and call everyone else ignorant i disagree with the rules but i realize they have been formed by community consensus and so i will abide by them as long as they are in place and by my interpretation of the current rules karakus blanking of the talk page should never have been reverted furthermore while i recognize that i was using the word vanish imprecisely it appears to be a longstanding tradition in wikipedia that if a user wants to just leave and clear out the ugly history of their wrongdoing they have the right to do that karaku very clearly indicated a desire to do just that is there really that much difference between putting a banner saying retired at the top of your talk page vs blanking the thing with the edit summary fucl it anyway im obviously not going to get in an edit war over a retired users talk page im just sort of surprised at the insistence to leave all this stuff in place when the user doesnt want it and wikipedia policy provides no mechanism to override those wishes 
0.13119745
fuck, futk; fuck, ufck; fuck, fucl; 

who are you fucking cunt heads to tell me that i am not welcome here ? go fucking die , twice . you cunts all deserve gassing
0.9848483
who are you fuckwng cunt heads to tell me that i am not welcome here go fucding die twice you cunts all deserve gassing 
0.947651
fucking, fuckwng; fucking, fucding; 

my talk page what the hell is wrong with people ? you are like the 5th person in the last 2 hours to throw some stupid crap onto my talk page !!! stop editing my talk page !!! i do not appreciate being harassed like this , i am new to wikipedia and do not appreciate having useless garble on my talk page when it is for people to talk to me , not have stupid crap posted on there , stay off of my talk page !!!! thank you
0.7596174
my talk page what the hell is wrong with people you are like the 5th person in the last 2 hours to throw some stupdi crap onto my talk page stop editing my talk page i do not appreciate being harassed like this i am new to wikipedia and do not appreciate having useless garble on my talk page when it is for people to talk to me not have stupiz crap posted on there stay off of my talk page thank you 
0.5289088
stupid, stupdi; stupid, stupiz; 

