rdh , i wouldnt be so proud to label youself a wiki facsist , as you have no idea of what the original meaning is of that world . that particular philiosophy caused millions of people to die , and people who disagreed with them were put to death . please read the wiki entry on facsists . and , how do you know that the orignal entry on a page ( with no corrobarting backup ) is factual information . you adjust your meaning of factual information to fit your particular brand of socialist bullshit . just because leithp is less of a wiki facsist is not a glowing statement either . the wikipedia concept is doomed to failure becuase we have so-called editors like yourself who edit the pages to satisfy yourselves . a real editor has knowldege of a particular subject matter , and is supervised by people to ensure fairness of content . the required registration solves no problem except less work for people like you , but still leaves an enormous creditability problem , which wiki has been recently exposed to have . so , have fun while you can , since this format is bullshit as far as a serious encyclopedia venue . go help sting save the rainforests moron ..
0.6479456
rdh i wouldnt be so proud to label youself a wiki facsist as you have no idea of what the original meaning is of that world that particular philiosophy caused millions of people to die and people who disagreed with them were put to death please read the wiki entry on facsists and how do you know that the orignal entry on a page with no corrobarting backup is factual information you adjust your meaning of factual information to fit your particular brand of socialist bullhit just because leithp is less of a wiki facsist is not a glowing statement either the wikipedia concept is doomed to failure becuase we have socalled editors like yourself who edit the pages to satisfy yourselves a real editor has knowldege of a particular subject matter and is supervised by people to ensure fairness of content the required registration solves no problem except less work for people like you but still leaves an enormous creditability problem which wiki has been recently exposed to have so have fun while you can since this format is bulluhit as far as a serious encyclopedia venue go help sting save the rainforests moron 
0.46296996
bullshit, bullhit; bullshit, bulluhit; 

:: ah yes , an asshole
0.9152658
ah yes an aeshole 
0.21934906
asshole, aeshole; 

