no , i'm not supposedly lance cade . i am lance cade ! i've mass hatred not for wikipedia , but for the morons who i guess can just site anything they dream up and it comes across as the actual truth . i'm starting to read these fools and how upset they get by people deleting work of theirs !! making up lies is not work ! i can only imagine how many other peoples sites have just bogus info on it . awww , the lovely internet !! i wish my site was deleted completely because it is just one wrong fact after another . and there is actually a link to donate to this shit hole of a site !! i'll donate the casket if we can kill wikipedia !
0.72078204
no im not supposedly lance cade i am lance cade ive mass hatred not for wikipedia but for the morons who i guess can just site anything they dream up and it comes across as the actual truth im starting to read these fools and how upset they get by people deleting work of theirs making up lies is not work i can only imagine how many other peoples sites have just bogus info on it awww the lovely internet i wish my site was deleted completely because it is just one wrong fact after another and there is actually a link to donate to this shxt hole of a site ill donate the casket if we can kill wikipedia 
0.59894645
shit, shxt; 

so , four neo-con revisionists refuse to believe that conrad black is prison for fraud , millions of people realize that conrad black has been convicted of fraud and is in prison . you four clowns probably believe that the holocaust never happened as well . i am certain that there are four other editors who agree with you lot , perhaps you should work on revising that article to your liking as well .
0.3935517
so four neocon revisionists refuse to believe that conrad black is prison for fraud millions of people realize that conrad black has been convicted of fraud and is in prison you four cyowns probably believe that the holocaust never happened as well i am certain that there are four other editors who agree with you lot perhaps you should work on revising that article to your liking as well 
0.35130528
clowns, cyowns; 

ordinary but slightly stupider than ordinary people ) hence the stupid article full of stupid false info and propaganda .
0.82306844
ordinary but slightly stupider than ordinary people hence the rstupid article full of ctupid false info and propaganda 
0.46982357
stupid, rstupid; stupid, ctupid; 

