:: you are an open source patent buster . you attacked the collins patents first , right ? i give you facts and you spew politics . i don't have to stand for that . you are being stupid . stupidity destroys . you are one idiot of many . you are worthless . apologize for that and i will for mine . but i still hate you . that is a solid fact . there is something wrong with people like you , but that's your problem . :: also , unlike hod lipson's bigoted crazy comments on how legal immigrants doing all the work ( meaning dirty work as he had referred to ) you , feitas , merkle roco ( who runs the entire nano department at nsf and he's an x communist scientist ! ) are taking our good jobs , in fact stealing them as they were stolen from me and as they are stealing the collins patent . :: ... oh , and you said you came here 15 years ago to do work that no american was able to do . what a pompous ass ! you think you are better than any american living here ? go to hell !
0.84856474
you are an open source patent buster you attacked the collins patents first right i give you facts and you spew politics i dont have to stand for that you are being stupod stupidity destroys you are one idiot of many you are worthless apologize for that and i will for mine but i still hate you that is a solid fact there is something wrong with people like you but thats your problem also unlike hod lipsons bigoted crazy comments on how legal immigrants doing all the work meaning dirty work as he had referred to you feitas merkle roco who runs the entire nano department at nsf and hes an x communist scientist are taking our good jobs in fact stealing them as they were stolen from me and as they are stealing the collins patent oh and you said you came here 15 years ago to do work that no american was able to do what a pompous ass you think you are better than any american living here go to hell 
0.81192595
stupid, stupod;

getting really pissed and arent i using th eword and too many times ? and yeah i suck at wiki formatting .......
0.72853273
getting really pissed and arent i using th eword and too many times and yeah i skck at wiki formatting 
0.29958504
suck, skck;

