adolf ... one of these days gonna come pay you a visit . would love for you to stick your nose in affairs that don't concern you when we meet . it's real easy to be a little wannabe nazi while hiding in front of your little screen .
0.6040658
adolf one of these days gonna come pay you a visit would love for you to stick your nose in affairs that dont concern you when we meet its real easy to be a little wannabe nhzi while hiding in front of your little screen 
0.41375542
nazi, nhzi;

hey . it is my judgement in the matter of david tombe that you wikipedia editors do not like to actually receive criticism , but you do like to dish it out in a nasty and abusive manner . you have to change this attitude on your part . your attitude is that everyone has to agree with the consensus , even if it is demonstrably wrong !!!! in my experience david is absolutely right in what he says . you guys are of course wrong . you prevent correction of your obviously wrong errors by blocking this legitimate criticism . that is why your efforts are worthless and wikipedia is just not usable as a source except to cite misinformation on a topic that is being disseminated . every day i find dumb stupid or just plain false statements on wikipedia . i think it should be banned as it is not accurate in any way that i can determine . your blocking policy seems to be the source of the continued errors in wikipedia . i dont reccomend any one using it for any reason . it is just plain innacurate .
0.5646648
hey it is my judgement in the matter of david tombe that you wikipedia editors do not like to actually receive criticism but you do like to dish it out in a nasty and abusive manner you have to change this attitude on your part your attitude is that everyone has to agree with the consensus even if it is demonstrably wrong in my experience david is absolutely right in what he says you guys are of course wrong you prevent correction of your obviously wrong errors by blocking this legitimate criticism that is why your efforts are worthless and wikipedia is just not usable as a source except to cite misinformation on a topic that is being disseminated every day i find dumb stujid or just plain false statements on wikipedia i think it should be banned as it is not accurate in any way that i can determine your blocking policy seems to be the source of the continued errors in wikipedia i dont reccomend any one using it for any reason it is just plain innacurate 
0.39151052
stupid, stujid;

