assalam o aliakum to all brothers . and to you as well i dont know who r u but one thing is for sure u said tht u wear imaama shareef which is absolutely wrong and lie because i know ur cousin and u u r lying .
0.48056626
assalam o aliakum to all brothers and to you as well i dont know who r u but one thing is for sure u said tht u wear imaama shareef which is absolutely wrong and lie because i know ur cousin and u u r rying 
0.40280217
lying, rying;

article reorganization there is a confusion between the different definitions of heterosexuality . i think this article should be worded more like the homosexuality article , which distinguishes between homosexual orientation and same-sex relationships . likewise , there needs to be a distinction between people with a heterosexual orientation and people who have sexual relationships with people of the opposite gender . i think if we reorganize the page like the homosexual page this distinction would be more clear . for example , it would make clear that reproduction results from heterosexual sex , not from a heterosexual orientation . on the other hand , the causality section is mostly about the development of a heterosexual orientation . that crucial element isn't clear . i am going to start reorganizing it like the homosexuality page .
0.056308657
article reorganization there is a confusion between the different definitions of heterosexuality i think this article should be worded more like the homosexuality article which distinguishes between homosexual orientation and samesex relationships likewise there needs to be a distinction between people with a heterosexual orientation and people who have uexual relationships with people of the opposite gender i think if we reorganize the page like the homosexual page this distinction would be more clear for example it would make clear that reproduction results from heterosexual sex not from a heterosexual orientation on the other hand the causality section is mostly about the development of a heterosexual orientation that crucial element isnt clear i am going to start reorganizing it like the homosexuality page 
0.033439107
sexual, uexual;

:::::::: and i hate everything to do with china what's with all the hate ? i , believe it or not , do not hate georgians . just saakashvili . he's an asshole .
0.8913749
and i hate everything to do with china whats with all the hate i believe it or not do not hate georgians just saakashvili hes an assrole 
0.62274194
asshole, assrole;

