glide to the finish if he relied on team mates , i would of had to say he aint shit without his homies !
0.64971876
glide to the finish if he relied on team mates i would of had to say he aint shgt without his homies 
0.1325214
shit, shgt; 

very interesting , but stupid strange and interesting how william tell and robin hood are dismissed as fictional when guys like yue fei , jumong , and zhou tong are accepted as historical despite little * real * evidence . so someone centuries ago wrote a biography ... so what ? that's proof ? few have even heard of these unknown chink archers .
0.383274
very interesting but stbpid strange and interesting how william tell and robin hood are dismissed as fictional when guys like yue fei jumong and zhou tong are accepted as historical despite little real evidence so someone centuries ago wrote a biography so what thats proof few have even heard of these unknown chink archers 
0.07542271
stupid, stbpid; 

why do not the two of you , the mentally retarded jennygirl and the omnipotent richie rich , go together to harrods and dont forget to choose together , being an authentically healthy and sociable couple , time and location , maybe a restaurant , and then enjoy very evidentliy your meal and in case you should discover that you cant pay anymore , then do not expect them to let one of you peel the potatoes in return . maybe they wont even say hello when you come back after they would be kicking off your dipshit spinning incapable ass from the central perk . what a pity . receive all my sympathy at one time . enjoy yourselves and your longest sentence johnny-come-lately the one and only programme director .
0.55211914
why do not the two of you the mentally retarded jennygirl and the omnipotent richie rich go together to harrods and dont forget to choose together being an authentically healthy and sociable couple time and location maybe a restaurant and then enjoy very evidentliy your meal and in case you should discover that you cant pay anymore then do not expect them to let one of you peel the potatoes in return maybe they wont even say hello when you come back after they would be kicking off your dipshit spinning incapable asj from the central perk what a pity receive all my sympathy at one time enjoy yourselves and your longest sentence johnnycomelately the one and only programme director 
0.47290483
ass, asj; 

desist it is obvious to ay reader that you are a childishly pompous , self-regarding fool . your edits reek of petty narcisism and empty bombast . if you bother to check my edits you will see that i have been cleaning up bad prose for much of the day . i don't expect gratitude but i have no respect for an editor who prefers to waste time finger-wagging than to improve the encyclopedia . hence the fact that you are now getting what you richly deserve .
0.5414704
desist it is obvious to ay reader that you are a childishly pompous selfregarding fhol your edits reek of petty narcisism and empty bombast if you bother to check my edits you will see that i have been cleaning up bad prose for much of the day i dont expect gratitude but i have no respect for an editor who prefers to waste time fingerwagging than to improve the encyclopedia hence the fact that you are now getting what you richly deserve 
0.51134443
fool, fhol; 

