wtf dude , i added some cites .
0.5646376
wtf duce i added some cites 
0.52790177
dude ,duce ;

* cena gets too much shit from people for no reason . he can't control the way he is booked . i just believe they should stop pushing him before everyone hates him way too much or just turn him heel which would work for me . * batista whines too much about his position in the company and should shut his mouth . fuck him , job him out to jbl . i use to like him but he has main evented more than cena and is in a better position than he should be just because of triple h . * orton does whatever the fuck he wants because he is a main star and friends with triple h . should have been fired already for smoking pot in front of everyone . if it wasn't for triple h , he would be jobbing in tna right now . fuck him , that son of a bitch does not deserve the spot he has . he is good of the mic but ring skills lack , headlock after headlock . they compare him to aj styles which is a joke in my opinion since aj has pure wrestling ability . * triple been playing politics for years and deserves to become a jobber for the people he has buried . he tried to keep booker t and kurt angle down . angle is one of the best wrestlers and if you watch his match with abyss at turning point ; which i can give you a link , it is worth the watch trust me ; is still doing great things . booker t deserved a hell of alot more than he did in wwe . i can't stand him and i hope he gets hit by a car . if he ends taker's streak i will come and burn down wwe head quarters while leaving a message that say another building burns unless triple h is fired .
0.734295
cena gets too much shit from people for no reason he cant control the way he is booked i just believe they should stop pushing him before everyone hates him way too much or just turn him heel which would work for me batista whines too much about his position in the company and should shut his mouth f u c k him job him out to jbl i use to like him but he has main evented more than cena and is in a better position than he should be just because of triple h orton does whatever the kuck he wants because he is a main star and friends with triple h should have been fired already for smoking pot in front of everyone if it wasnt for triple h he would be jobbing in tna right now fuxk him that son of a bitch does not deserve the spot he has he is good of the mic but ring skills lack headlock after headlock they compare him to aj styles which is a joke in my opinion since aj has pure wrestling ability triple been playing politics for years and deserves to become a jobber for the people he has buried he tried to keep booker t and kurt angle down angle is one of the best wrestlers and if you watch his match with abyss at turning point which i can give you a link it is worth the watch trust me is still doing great things booker t deserved a hell of alot more than he did in wwe i cant stand him and i hope he gets hit by a car if he ends takers streak i will come and burn down wwe head quarters while leaving a message that say another building burns unless triple h is fired 
0.69356775
fuck ,f u c k ;

