dude , you're not consistant . anyone following your edits can see you only remove them on some articles ( white-related ) and not others where those same statements are made . very silly , but don't reply . i have no need to talk to you or hear any excuses . lame !
0.5681767
dude youre not consistant anyone following your edits can see you only remove them on some articles whiterelated and not others where those same statements are made very silly but dont reply i have no need to talk to you or hear any excuses uame 
0.3935244
lame, uame; 

2008 ( utc ) :: ah ! blanking the bits you don't like again - including justified vandalism allegations . i have no intention of justifying anything to an immature vandal like you . :: if you even vandalise any post i make again without any discussing it on the discussion page and without any fully valid citation . i will do anything i can to see that your editing rights are revoked . vandals are not welcome . :: i have no desire to continue any discussion with someone of your obvious immaturity and childishness so don't bother replying . 18:14 , 7 december
0.3672329
2008 utc ah blanking the bits you dont like again including justified vandalism allegations i have no intention of justifying anything to an immature vaedal like you if you even vandalise any post i make again without any discussing it on the discussion page and without any fully valid citation i will do anything i can to see that your editing rights are revoked vandals are not welcome i have no desire to continue any discussion with someone of your obvious immaturity and childishness so dont bother replying 1814 7 december 
0.27286696
vandal, vaedal; 

ooooh , here's our swiss neutralist ! and what does this administrator bring to the table this time ? let's see , accusations of parroting , arbitrary classification of users based upon pen-name preferences , straw-men , ignoratio elenchi , and finally begging the question through the same fallacious reasoning as previously . we call that petitio principii , don't we ? apparently nothing will change his mind until i change my pen-name to something like john doe . how does he know that i am not this russian dude who likes iranian history and culture ? oh , that's right , he doesn't . he probably didn't check my ip-address to see that i'm based in sweden and could in fact be a swede . whoops ... sounds like our neutralist is using a subtle profiling method to his convenience . like i stated before , it doesn't matter if i'm a nazi , communist , liberal or even a hippie . it doesn't matter if i do drugs , or if i look even remotely like a reptile . it doesn't matter if i'm even an obese tongan kid . it has no bearing on content or the essentials of an argument , and anything else you might conjure to the favour of some imagined affiliation . this is aptly called speculation . now , i will only say two things . first one is a rehearsal of my previous suggestion : livius.org is visited by thousands of people daily . along with a number of other scholar-related websites , i can't live without checking it by a daily basis . it deserves a wiki-article , where jona lendering is briefly described as the founder and maintainer of an outlet with roots as far back as -96 . yes , sounds like a plan of revenge . the paragon of pan-iranic resurgence ! the removal of a wiki-article of lendering will remove the last great obstacle to a resurgent achaemenid empire and the reawakening of the terrifying persian horsemen of doom ! howl ! howl ! our world is forfeit ! second point , and i mean this from the bottom of my heart : get laid . your superior-inferior complex isn't convincing anyone here , whether they be iranian or not . there is no chance an article of this quality gets to stay . that's the bottom line , irrespective of any perceived reasoning . either change the article so that it pertains to livius.org, or stop your incessant whining . maybe it never occurred to you that by simple observation jona lendering has written several iran-friendly articles and has generally sought to dispel several popular misconceptions on the ancient iranians . maybe that's how you make more drama in your life , by arbitrary holier-than-thou attitude . idiot .
0.4489163
ooooh heres our swiss neutralist and what does this administrator bring to the table this time lets see accusations of parroting arbitrary classification of users based upon penname preferences strawmen ignoratio elenchi and finally begging the question through the same fallacious reasoning as previously we call that petitio principii dont we apparently nothing will change his mind until i change my penname to something like john doe how does he know that i am not this russian dude who likes iranian history and culture oh thats right he doesnt he probably didnt check my ipaddress to see that im based in sweden and could in fact be a swede whoops sounds like our neutralist is using a subtle profiling method to his convenience like i stated before it doesnt matter if im a nazi communist liberal or even a hippie it doesnt matter if i do drugs or if i look even remotely like a reptile it doesnt matter if im even an obese tongan kid it has no bearing on content or the essentials of an argument and anything else you might conjure to the favour of some imagined affiliation this is aptly called speculation now i will only say two things first one is a rehearsal of my previous suggestion liviusorg is visited by thousands of people daily along with a number of other scholarrelated websites i cant live without checking it by a daily basis it deserves a wikiarticle where jona lendering is briefly described as the founder and maintainer of an outlet with roots as far back as 96 yes sounds like a plan of revenge the paragon of paniranic resurgence the removal of a wikiarticle of lendering will remove the last great obstacle to a resurgent achaemenid empire and the reawakening of the terrifying persian horsemen of doom howl howl our world is forfeit second point and i mean this from the bottom of my heart get laid your superiorinferior complex isnt convincing anyone here whether they be iranian or not there is no chance an article of this quality gets to stay thats the bottom line irrespective of any perceived reasoning either change the article so that it pertains to liviusorg or stop your incessant whining maybe it never occurred to you that by simple observation jona lendering has written several iranfriendly articles and has generally sought to dispel several popular misconceptions on the ancient iranians maybe thats how you make more drama in your life by arbitrary holierthanthou attitude idioq 
0.25375727
idiot, idioq; 

