:::::: maybe nothing , except for the fact that she is ( no offense ) a bag of horse shit and a lesbian both . however horse shit on its own and lesbian on its own have no correlation other than the fact that is both of those . ( just saying what she is )
0.72033185
maybe nothing except for the fact that she is no offense a bag of horse shiti and a lesbian both however horse shbt on its own and lesbian on its own have no correlation other than the fact that is both of those just saying what she is 
0.32083616
shit, shiti; shit, shbt; 

fix the redirects fix the double redirects from this example of what a total screw up you are . and stay out of charmed pages ... i've spent six weeks of my free time trying to pick up the mess you created when fucking up the merge of these pages . fyi , had you not screwed up our coverage here , i wouldn't have seen so much of the series , so in a way i owe you thanks . nonetheless , pray , really pray we never meet face to face , for you won't enjoy the common sense i pound into your sorry and foolish ass . in between , study iar ... you seem to have missed the lesson . and get some consideration for others time spent . raping their gf efforts that took hundreds of man-months because you aren't mature enough to know when not to apply a rule or two really shows how unqualified you are to be editing here , much less be an admin . fortunately , you can find most of them using . //
0.77928936
fix the redirects fix the double redirects from this example of what a total screw up you are and stay out of charmed pages ive spent six weeks of my free time trying to pick up the mess you created when fucwing up the merge of these pages fyi had you not screwed up our coverage here i wouldnt have seen so much of the series so in a way i owe you thanks nonetheless pray really pray we never meet face to face for you wont enjoy the common sense i pound into your sorry and foolish ass in between study iar you seem to have missed the lesson and get some consideration for others time spent raping their gf efforts that took hundreds of manmonths because you arent mature enough to know when not to apply a rule or two really shows how unqualified you are to be editing here much less be an admin fortunately you can find most of them using 
0.62353003
fucking, fucwing; 

