in the language area the fyrom language is called <> . unbelievable lie !!! this is f*cking unbelievable . greece has never recognised the fyrom language as <> . not even all countries in the world has recognised fyrom as <> to start with . this is a provokation for most of us greeks and a huge historical lie to write that minorities in north greece speak <> (meaning the fyrom language ) especially in a greece related article !! the citizens of fyrom have no historical connection with ancient makedonia and with alexander the great . they are liars !!! in the below links you will find some details of why we greeks we will never recognise these slavic falsifiers as <> http://history-of-macedonia.com/wordpress/2009/02/09/an-essay-about-macedonia/ http://history-of-macedonia.com/wordpress/2009/02/11/the-greeks-of-macedonia-in-slavic-sources/ http://history-of-macedonia.com/wordpress/2008/09/10/pseudomacedonians-the-fallacy-of-their-cause-by-vasil-gligorov/ http://history-of-macedonia.com/wordpress/2008/09/10/a-thesis-on-fyromian-denial-syndrom/ also when i try to edit it some administrator\administrators start to make the usual threats that they will block my account for messing with their pseudomakedonian language ... they love having this lie in the greek wikipedia page i guess grrrrrrrrr
0.6906426
in the language area the fyrom language is called unbelievable lie this is fcking unbelievable greece has never recognised the fyrom language as not even all countries in the world has recognised fyrom as to start with this is a provokation for most of us greeks and a huge historical lie to write that minorities in north greece speak meaning the fyrom language especially in a greece related article the citizens of fyrom have no historical connection with ancient makedonia and with alexander the great they are lixrs in the below links you will find some details of why we greeks we will never recognise these slavic falsifiers as httphistoryofmacedoniacomwordpress20090209anessayaboutmacedonia httphistoryofmacedoniacomwordpress20090211thegreeksofmacedoniainslavicsources httphistoryofmacedoniacomwordpress20080910pseudomacedoniansthefallacyoftheircausebyvasilgligorov httphistoryofmacedoniacomwordpress20080910athesisonfyromiandenialsyndrom also when i try to edit it some administratoradministrators start to make the usual threats that they will block my account for messing with their pseudomakedonian language they love having this lie in the greek wikipedia page i guess grrrrrrrrr 
0.37737677
liars, lixrs; 

first of all , what the fuck does homosexuality have to do with anything ? are you seriously that homophobic ? ejaculation appeals to women too , but you don't mention women , that was highly fucking bizarre . secondly , wikipedia is not censored , and shouldn't be . if your school cannot realize that wiki serves as an encyclopedia ( of sorts ) on the web , then that's too bad . i'm sure if you added some pictures that served as a purpose , and backed them up , there would be no problem . and i highly doubt you've done such things ; it just seems like you came here to rant about gay people , and then make it seem like it all went together .
0.74661344
first of all what the fsck does homosexuality have to do with anything are you seriously that homophobic ejaculation appeals to women too but you dont mention women that was highly fucking bizarre secondly wikipedia is not censored and shouldnt be if your school cannot realize that wiki serves as an encyclopedia of sorts on the web then thats too bad im sure if you added some pictures that served as a purpose and backed them up there would be no problem and i highly doubt youve done such things it just seems like you came here to rant about gay people and then make it seem like it all went together 
0.61215067
fuck, fsck; 

im not sorry for what i did fuck jclemens
0.95804
im not sorry for what i did fucm jclemens 
0.08351724
fuck, fucm; 

from ddmc : just shut up .
0.77400786
from ddmc just shht up 
0
shut, shht; 

wow way to assume , my man . i'm not saying that all of the stories about king arthur were true , but excalibur was a very real sword , and i do have it in my possession . this is an irrefutable fact . i have been interviewed by many historians and the like , and you're the first one that seems to think you know more than all of them . can you prove that i'm wrong ? not only that my sword isn't the real thing , but that my claiming it is is such a travesty , that you cannot allow anyone else to see it at all ? i wonder what would happen , if the other wikipedophiles got their poor little minds corrupted by a comment on a talk page , eh ? referring to [] . next time , do some research . i won't bring it up again , but it's insulting to have someone like you treat me like a liar .
0.37136856
wow way to assume my man im not saying that all of the stories about king arthur were true but excalibur was a very real sword and i do have it in my possession this is an irrefutable fact i have been interviewed by many historians and the like and youre the first one that seems to think you know more than all of them can you prove that im wrong not only that my sword isnt the real thing but that my claiming it is is such a travesty that you cannot allow anyone else to see it at all i wonder what would happen if the other wikipedophiles got their poor little minds corrupted by a comment on a talk page eh referring to next time do some research i wont bring it up again but its insulting to have someone like you treat me like a loar 
0.25865477
liar, loar; 

this shit is fucking gay you need to get the right information dumb fucks
0.98996735
this sxit is fucking gay you need to get the right information dumb fucks 
0.9856575
shit, sxit; 

