chriso proven criminal and fucken homo chris , you mother fucker ... all what you want to know about chriso you can find at www.chriso.homo.com'bold text '
0.96225685
chriso proven criminal and fucken homo chris you mother uucker all what you want to know about chriso you can find at wwwchrisohomocombold text 
0.94150835
fucker, uucker; 

you !!! your birth certificate was an apology from the condom factory you must've been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen shut up , you'll never be the man your mother is it looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork you dumbass if you were twice as smart , you'd still be stupid you must be the arithmetic man ; you add trouble , subtract pleasure , divide attention , and multiply ignorance . i hear when you were a child your mother wanted to hire somebody to take care of you , but the mafia wanted too much . we all sprang from apes , but you didn't spring far enough . do you have to leave so soon ? i was just about to poison the tea .
0.79441106
you your birth certificate was an apology from the condom factory you mustve been born on a highway because thats where most accidents happen shut up youll never be the man your mother is it looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork you dumbass if you were twice as smart youd still be studid you must be the arithmetic man you add trouble subtract pleasure divide attention and multiply ignorance i hear when you were a child your mother wanted to hire somebody to take care of you but the mafia wanted too much we all sprang from apes but you didnt spring far enough do you have to leave so soon i was just about to poison the tea 
0.6860388
stupid, studid; 

you suck duck butt ! yeah !!! lol
0.9645483
you sucu duck butt yeah lol 
0.8027038
suck, sucu; 

wow . omg okay so i just made this really long page and you deleted it . thanks , biotchhhhh . geez . stop deleting my things or else i'll sue you , faaaagggggggg . stop deleting my things or i'll find you . and i'll kill you . kill . kill . kill .
0.84189373
wow omg okay so i just made this really long page and you deleted it thanks biotchhhhh geez stop deleting my things or else ill sue you faaaagggggggg stop deleting my things or ill find you and ill kisll you khll ikll kifl 
0.5854583
kill, kisll; kill, khll; kill, ikll; kill, kifl; 

