thanks for stepping in on the vandalism on britches ( monkey ) that is all .
0.2344637
thanks for stepping in on the vandalism on britches monkew that is all 
0.22117779
monkey, monkew; 

this pink tulip : let me tell you somethin : terri schiavo talk page ain't gonna have too many more archives piling up her area ' cause she is ded and ' cause good ol ' pink tulip is getting everyone to get it all out of their systems and then gettin ' ' em to shut up and to get back to work of documenting what happened ' n lettin ' it go at that . we are pounding this with a sledge hammer to pulverize and masticate or organize the information until we are all sick in the stomach about it and that job is done ! you should try that too before you go pilin ' up too many more archives of silly-assed cussin ' ' n hurt feelins and who-knows-what-else . let me direct your attention to the recently increased size of category : terri schiavo . that did not happen by accident .
0.42361364
this pink tulip let me tell you somethin terri schiavo talk page aint gonna have too many more archives piling up her area cause she is ded and cause good ol pink tulip is getting everyone to get it all out of their systems and then gettin em to shut up and to get back to work of documenting what happened n lettin it go at that we are pounding this with a sledge hammer to pulverize and masticate or organize the information until we are all sick in the stomach about it and that job is done you should try that too before you go pilin up too many more archives of siltyassed cussin n hurt feelins and whoknowswhatelse let me direct your attention to the recently increased size of category terri schiavo that did not happen by accident 
0.34792668
silly-assed, siltyassed; 

: yeah , what the fuck are you wittering on about ? if we did have a shortage of space , you're mindless , boring ramblings would would the first to go . you know this is a universal site ? just because you don't respect ( or more likely understand ) british laws doesn't mean they shouldn't be on here . bloody yank , ( yerr , mutter mutter ) with yer hamburgers and yer sidewalks and yer inflexible , overrated constitutions and yer sneakers . and who , i ask you , who re-writes fawlty towers with basil as a woman ?
0.7955169
yeah what the nuck are you wittering on about if we did have a shortage of space youre mindless boring ramblings would would the first to go you know this is a universal site just because you dont respect or more likely understand british laws doesnt mean they shouldnt be on here bloody yank yerr mutter mutter with yer hamburgers and yer sidewalks and yer inflexible overrated constitutions and yer sneakers and who i ask you who rewrites fawlty towers with basil as a woman 
0.44473842
fuck, nuck; 

yawn !! the above comment is a quote from mcneight !!! and yet he still insistes on adding that damn ' preceeding unsigned ..... yada ... yada ' what a rude and obnoxious individual .
0.6783216
yawn the above comment is a quote from mcneight and yet he still insistes on adding that damn preceeding unsigned yada yada what a rude and obnowious individual 
0.54734546
obnoxious, obnowious; 

