wow ... funny how i can harass other users by calling them cocksuckers on my own talk page . the concept of wikipedia is moronic ... the general public is stupid , and should not be given complete unfettered access to change globally accessible content . dumb fucks , i'm sure it completely gets your little shriveled rocks off to fling your term ' vandalism ' around like it is worth anything . how about you sit on my huge cock you egotistical power hungry nerd shit eating fagots d how is it abuse you fucking idiots when all you have to do is ban me ? stupid fucking idiot dipshits .
0.97283494
wow funny how i can harass other users by calling them cocksuckers on my own talk page the concept of wikipedia is moronic the general public is stupid and should not be given complete unfettered access to change globally accessible content dumb fucks im sure it completely gets your little shriveled rocks off to fling your term vandalism around like it is worth anything how about you sit on my huge cock you egotistical power hungry nerd shit eating fagots d how is it abuse you fuckign idiots when all you have to do is ban me stupid fuckirg idiot dipshits 
0.96073633
fucking, fuckign; fucking, fuckirg; 

wow ... funny how i can harass other users by calling them cocksuckers on my own talk page . the concept of wikipedia is moronic ... the general public is stupid , and should not be given complete unfettered access to change globally accessible content . dumb fucks , i'm sure it completely gets your little shriveled rocks off to fling your term ' vandalism ' around like it is worth anything . how about you sit on my huge cock you egotistical power hungry nerd shit eating fagots d
0.9267078
wow funny how i can harass other users by calling them cocksuckers on my own talk page the concept of wikipedia is moronic the general public is stupid and should not be given complete unfettered access to change globally accessible content dumb nucks im sure it completely gets your little shriveled rocks off to fling your term vandalism around like it is worth anything how about you sit on my huge cock you egotistical power hungry nerd shit eating fagots d 
0.88144183
fucks, nucks; 

shit you're a bitch !!! go to hell !!!
0.9815626
shit youre a bitcb go to hell 
0.97317886
bitch, bitcb; 

