steve little steve little's character in eastbound and down is not bumbling . he is mildly retarded ! your ignorance in handling this matter angers me to a new level of hate for faggot wikipedia moderators who think they are fucking geniuses you guys are fucking retards who were born with no penises and masturbate all day to yourselves fucking with peoples edits and pissing them off really bad . i hope you one day get bored of masturbating in your white room by yourself and decide to try and have sex with a beehive , resulting in your dick getting so swollen you die a very slow painful death in the hospital with no one with you to care or give you a funeral . may you rot in a fucking morgue with a swollen dick shoved up your own ass by a disturbed doctor .
0.9298021
steve little steve littles character in eastbound and down is not bumbling he is mildly retarded your ignorance in handling this matter angers me to a new level of hate for faggot wikipedia moderators who think they are fuckixg geniuses you guys are fuckling retards who were born with no penises and masturbate all day to yourselves fzucking with peoples edits and pissing them off really bad i hope you one day get bored of masturbating in your white room by yourself and decide to try and have sex with a beehive resulting in your dick getting so swollen you die a very slow painful death in the hospital with no one with you to care or give you a funeral may you rot in a fuckidg morgue with a swollen dick shoved up your own ass by a disturbed doctor 
0.8714127
fucking, fuckixg; fucking, fuckling; fucking, fzucking; fucking, fuckidg; 

how dare you ! how dare you accuse me of vandalism !! you have got some nerve that much i can say . the waterloo road article and all of its sub articles have been worked on by various members and then you come along and say whats right and whats wrong ??? you have some cheek doing so and i tell you this for nothing - you even attempt to change anything or have anything deleter or reverted in the future that you don't know anything about - you will have one fucking hell of a battle on do you here me !!!
0.8312935
how dare you how dare you accuse me of vandalism you have got some nerve that much i can say the waterloo road article and all of its sub articles have been worked on by various members and then you come along and say whats right and whats wrong you have some cheek doing so and i tell you this for nothing you even attempt to change anything or have anything deleter or reverted in the future that you dont know anything about you will have one futking hell of a battle on do you here me 
0.38887015
fucking, futking; 

