fuck you and grow up and get a real life and quit living out your pathetic fucking dream of being the boss of people on fucking wikipedia ! you're fucking pathetic ... rip off the name tag , take off the paper hat , tell them that you don't wanna flip burgers any more , and get the fuck off this site you child !
0.98276675
ufck you and grow up and get a real life and quit living out your pathetic fucking dream of being the boss of people on fucking wikipedia youre fucking pathetic rip off the name tag take off the paper hat tell them that you dont wanna flip burgers any more and get the fudk off this site you child 
0.979392
fuck, ufck; fuck, fudk; 

i just wanted you to know that you're worthless ... why did you make changes to the lethbridge collegiate institute article ? you probably aren't even canadian and to think that you can remove something that is very important to lci history is unfathomable . it would make me very happy if you killed yourself sometime today or tomorrow , as you are no longer needed on wikipedia . thank you for your time .
0.4181902
i just wanted you to know that youre worthless why did you make changes to the lethbridge collegiate institute article you probably arent even canadian and to think that you can remove something that is very important to lci history is unfathomable it would make me very happy if you killeu yourself sometime today or tomorrow as you are no longer needed on wikipedia thank you for your time 
0.18364105
killed, killeu; 

che stop being such a jerk , read the cited material below . some of the material states that che had no combat victories . stop deleting the cited material ... especially if you have not provided evidence to the contrary . i have a cited source , it should stay . if anything the burdon of proof is on you . leave it alone . ( gibby )
0.5166084
che stop being such a jerq read the cited material below some of the material states that che had no combat victories stop deleting the cited material especially if you have not provided evidence to the contrary i have a cited source it should stay if anything the burdon of proof is on you leave it alone gibby 
0.14320236
jerk, jerq; 

i find jpgordon's claims to be bogus ... none of those are personal attacks as they are not addressed to any specific person . furthermore , i now have doubts about the intentions of jpgordon as he has refused to block canderra despite canderra's violation of the 3rr rule ( 4 reverts in 24 hours ) . see revert 1 and 4 compared . http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title che_guevara&diff ; 39908363&oldid ; 39772586 i also think it is a bit suspect that 2 other leftists editors jump on board immediatly following my block and work to revert and discuss once i'm gone ... and find it a bit more suspect that these leftists and jpgordon accuse some anonymous ip address as being me ... talk about good faith . canderra's claims are idiotic at best . i am not surprised that the leftists don't care as they have shown no dicipline for allowing information contrary to their own beliefs . even the most insane excuses are accepted by them . saying these this behavior is idiotic or stupid is reasonable given the fact that this material is deleted because canderra believes the sources to be blogs . not one source is a blog . the new york sun , usa today , frontpage magazine , florida international university , history news network , and the independent research institute ... are not blogs . canderra is just making up excuses to delete information he does not like and the leftists sycophants are working to have me blocked while ignoring canderra's ( and others ) abuses . ( gibby )
0.44335732
i find jpgordons claims to be bogus none of those are personal attacks as they are not addressed to any specific person furthermore i now have doubts about the intentions of jpgordon as he has refused to block canderra despite canderras violation of the 3rr rule 4 reverts in 24 hours see revert 1 and 4 compared httpenwikipediaorgwindexphptitle cheguevaradiff 39908363oldid 39772586 i also think it is a bit suspect that 2 other leftists editors jump on board immediatly following my block and work to revert and discuss once im gone and find it a bit more suspect that these leftists and jpgordon accuse some anonymous ip address as being me talk about good faith canderras claims are idioitc at best i am not surprised that the leftists dont care as they have shown no dicipline for allowing information contrary to their own beliefs even the most insane excuses are accepted by them saying these this behavior is iiiotic or stupid is reasonable given the fact that this material is deleted because canderra believes the sources to be blogs not one source is a blog the new york sun usa today frontpage magazine florida international university history news network and the independent research institute are not blogs canderra is just making up excuses to delete information he does not like and the leftists sycophants are working to have me blocked while ignoring canderras and others abuses gibby 
0.19374542
idiotic, idioitc; idiotic, iiiotic; 

