what advertisment did i put ? i can't believe what you say and do . you're just horrible ! your quote doesn't say that my article doesn't qualify either .... if a topic has received significant coverage in reliable sources that are independent of the subject , it is presumed to satisfy the inclusion criteria for a stand-alone article . that's just saying what is allowed , not what is not . though , i'm done checking back here because you're obviously not playing with a full deck .
0.27215144
what advertisment did i put i cant believe what you say and do youre just hotrible your quote doesnt say that my article doesnt qualify either if a topic has received significant coverage in reliable sources that are independent of the subject it is presumed to satisfy the inclusion criteria for a standalone article thats just saying what is allowed not what is not though im done checking back here because youre obviously not playing with a full deck 
0.039412405
horrible, hotrible; 

excuse , please i do not know you , but i see you've waded into the personal war peing waged against me . you are all nazis here , with precious few exceptions . i am the mossad . so give up , turn over a new leaf and then you will all enjoy my permanent absence . until then , this is the resistance .
0.43461704
excuse please i do not know you but i see youve waded into the personal war peing waged against me you are all nazrs here with precious few exceptions i am the mossad so give up turn over a new leaf and then you will all enjoy my permanent absence until then this is the resistance 
0.26938444
nazis, nazrs; 

i have been working hella hard fixing brooke hogan , demi lovato , shontelle , and kristinia's pages , and no one respects my hard work ! i hate you ms !
0.6351155
i have been working hella hard fixing brooke hogan demi lovato shontelle and kristinias pages and no one respects my hard work i hbte you ms 
0.15202561
hate, hbte; 

hey your a gay nigger mother fucking cunt
0.9864499
hey your a gay nigger mother fucging cunt 
0.9591794
fucking, fucging; 

:::: that you are on this page is proof of your stalking . you are a supreme rabble-rouser - the evidence is in your edits . furthermore you are totally unreceptive to new ideas and arrogantly impose your outdated and entrenched notions of the mos , oblivious of the fact that the mos should be a document under development . improving the system is not part of your agenda , whereas character assassination and one-upmanship are supremely important to you .
0.273668
that you are on this page is proof of your stalking you are a supreme rabblerouser the evidence is in your edits furthermore you are totally unreceptive to new ideas and arrogantly impose your outdated and entrenched notions of the mos oblivious of the fact that the mos should be a document under development improving the system is not part of your agenda whereas character assassinatfon and oneupmanship are supremely important to you 
0.25708988
assassination, assassinatfon; 

::: rjanag has called me a useless editor , and the worst kind of troll and making bullshit accusations , while trying desperately to suppress a highly relevant picture showing kadeer using a false photo to justify the killings . keep it up . i will use my utmost patience to make the truth known .
0.6079301
rjanag has called me a useless editor and the worst kind of troll and making ballshit accusations while trying desperately to suppress a highly relevant picture showing kadeer using a false photo to justify the killings keep it up i will use my utmost patience to make the truth known 
0.5471213
bullshit, ballshit; 

