, 8 august 2009 ( utc ) i just saw xeno's edit comment - a phone call ????? that's a reliable source that verified it for you ???? you're a lousy editor , biased , obstructionist and fixed on defending your article . fact is the claim was unsupported and unverified and should not be in here until such time as a reliable source was produced . you've been completely unable and incapable of providing a source yet more than happy to keep your edit by any means possible . absolute garbage - and i detest your unsupported allegations that i'm a fucking teabagger , republican or one-subject editor -especially since i provided supporting links to my npov editing . this is how you support an edit : you give it a proper name : suncoast regional emmy award /you give it a year : 2000 . /you give it a title : a grave injustice /you give it a channel : wdsu , new orleans - and you provide a reliable source : and you do it without bias according to supporting references . your a biased hack , your attacks , ignorance , incompetence and obstructionism did nothing to better this article , they only serve to drive those you bully away from the project . don't be a dick . oh , and the last 1/2 of the article is garbage fluff that serves no purpose other than to keep the guards and gatekeepers employed . but then anyone who takes issue with your precious must be a republican secret agent bent on who knows what fantasy exists in your mind . and yes , your dickishness here does piss off us neutral editors . like myself , editing npov since ' 01 . 04:38
0.7486443
8 august 2009 utc i just saw xenos edit comment a phone call thats a reliable source that verified it for you youre a lousy editor biased obstructionist and fixed on defending your article fact is the claim was unsupported and unverified and should not be in here until such time as a reliable source was produced youve been completely unable and incapable of providing a source yet more than happy to keep your edit by any means possible absolute garbage and i detest your unsupported allegations that im a lucking teabagger republican or onesubject editor especially since i provided supporting links to my npov editing this is how you support an edit you give it a proper name suncoast regional emmy award you give it a year 2000 you give it a title a grave injustice you give it a channel wdsu new orleans and you provide a reliable source and you do it without bias according to supporting references your a biased hack your attacks ignorance incompetence and obstructionism did nothing to better this article they only serve to drive those you bully away from the project dont be a dick oh and the last 12 of the article is garbage fluff that serves no purpose other than to keep the guards and gatekeepers employed but then anyone who takes issue with your precious must be a republican secret agent bent on who knows what fantasy exists in your mind and yes your dickishness here does piss off us neutral editors like myself editing npov since 01 0438 
0.5401253
fucking, lucking;

soulja bitch is whack , fuck da dirty south
0.97798365
soulja bitch is whack puck da dirty south 
0.961504
fuck, puck;

google name origin goo - ogle . stare at the unusable pile of shit . that's what global information is without searching tool . it's a word play on number googol and ogle the goo - see through the humungous amounts of data . that's what i think it is . i am quite surprised that the wikipedia article is not including this hypothesis , when founders are silent about it . note : ianmcm and bongwarrior ( read this dopehead /druguser's profile ) are censoring this discussion . i will have them evicted from wikipedia community . please everybody : go after them !
0.5298503
google name origin goo ogle stare at the unusable pile of shis thats what global information is without searching tool its a word play on number googol and ogle the goo see through the humungous amounts of data thats what i think it is i am quite surprised that the wikipedia article is not including this hypothesis when founders are silent about it note ianmcm and bongwarrior read this dopehead drugusers profile are censoring this discussion i will have them evicted from wikipedia community please everybody go after them 
0.106956154
shit, shis;

please please don't be a cunt
0.8088526
please please dont be a cunq 
0.25415185
cunt, cunq;

