your donation will fund wikia , inc ., which is not a charity . your non-profit donation will ultimately line the for-profit pockets of jimmy wales , amazon , google , the bessemer partners , and other corporate beneficiaries . how ? wikipedia is a commercial traffic engine . as of december 2008 , there are over 14,700 external links from wikipedia to wales ' wikia.com sites , which are funded by google adsense revenues . did you know that amazon invested $ 10,000,000 in the for-profit wikia venture ? it's therefore rather interesting that there are over 43,000 links to amazon's retail site from the supposedly non-profit wikipedia site . isn't it ? meanwhile , did you know that the popular movie site imdb.com is owned by amazon , and you can buy amazon products directly from imdb pages ? well , surprise surprise there are nearly 174,000 links to amazon's imdb site from wikipedia . no wonder amazon particularly wished to invest in wikia , inc . its co-founder makes sure that the external linking environment on wikipedia is hospitable for the amazon link spamming machine ! now here is the really fascinating thing . if you go to jimmy wales ' talk page on wikipedia , and you ask him whether he feels that this obscene number of links to his for-profit site and those of his investors might be a conflict of interest or self-dealing , jimbo won't even have time to respond . one or two of his sycophants will fairly promptly dismiss or erase your message ; and if you try one more time to ask this question , you're likely to get blocked from editing wikipedia altogether . go ahead , try it truth hurts guys try thinking with your brain instead of following like an sheep , keep checking all sites for the above text proxys next -)
0.20226057
your donation will fund wikia inc which is not a charity your nonprofit donation will ultimately line the forprofit pockets of jimmy wales amazon google the bessemer partners and other corporate beneficiaries how wikipedia is a commercial traffic engine as of december 2008 there are over 14700 external links from wikipedia to wales wikiacom sites which are funded by google adsense revenues did you know that amazon invested 10000000 in the forprofit wikia venture its therefore rather interesting that there are over 43000 links to amazons retail site from the supposedly nonprofit wikipedia site isnt it meanwhile did you know that the popular movie site imdbcom is owned by amazon and you can buy amazon products directly from imdb pages well surprise surprise there are nearly 174000 links to amazons imdb site from wikipedia no wonder amazon particularly wished to invest in wikia inc its cofounder makes sure that the external linking environment on wikipedia is hospitable for the amazon link spamming machine now here is the really fascinating thing if you go to jimmy wales talk page on wikipedia and you ask him whether he feels that this obscene number of links to his forprofit site and those of his investors might be a conflict of interest or selfdealing jimbo wont even have time to respond one or two of his sycoplants will fairly promptly dismiss or erase your message and if you try one more time to ask this question youre likely to get blocked from editing wikipedia altogether go ahead try it truth hurts guys try thinking with your brain instead of following like an sheep keep checking all sites for the above text proxys next 
0.09004254
sycophants ,sycoplants ;

wow that really was kind of dickish and definitely pointless . cheers !! -
0.27152807
wow that really was kind of dickish and definitely pointfess cheers 
0.14529943
pointless ,pointfess ;

:::::::: let me give you a clue . i don't give a fuck what you think . about anything .
0.87642694
let me give you a clue i dont give a fuik what you think about anything 
0.33490083
fuck ,fuik ;

