fuck u jimmy wales fuck fuck fuck
0.9928833
fluck u jimmy wales fvuck fucl ouck 
0.4686035
fuck, fluck; fuck, fvuck; fuck, fucl; fuck, ouck; 

why are my posts being deleted ? i think deepak the dictator is deleting them . can someon block him ? he's a troll who think's he rules wikipedia . i think he also might support the ground nazis cus his name has the letter d in it and i think some nazi's also had that letter
0.35722315
why are my posts being deleted i think deepak the dictator is deleting them can someon block him hes a troll who thinks he rules wikipedia i think he also might support the ground naazis cus his name has the letter d in it and i think some lazis also had that letter 
0.2467244
nazi's, naazis; nazi's, lazis; 

:::::: future perfect at sunrise , recall what the original name of wikihounding was , wikistalking . wikihounding is following another user around . :::::: for a perfect example of wikihounding , look at jack merridew's previous arbcoms , in which the arbcom unanimously found that jack merridew was wikihouding . jack merridew followed around cool cat from page to page , on several pages , over a period of months . :::::: this case is completely different . i commented on two pages : in the arbcom , and then i notice the ani , which i have watchlisted and frequently comment on . i have not followed jack merridew at all . :::::: by your absurd standard , and who created wikipedia:administrators'_noticeboard/incidentarchive582#jack_merridew . 27s_disruptive_signature and anyone else who first commented in the arbcom then commented in ani , is a wikihounder you are setting a absurd precedence here : that an editor who comments in a arbcom , and then comments about the same editor on ani , is wikihounding , and can be threatened by a admin with a block . :::::: future perfect at sunrise , you have been here long enough to know that you should not try to second guess an editors motivations . :::::: unfortunately this is not the first admin abuse and bad judgment i have seen , in this arbcom , an admin was calling my edits shit , and another admin has repeatedly defended personal attacks ; in addition i helped desopy 3 admins . :::::: your baseless personal attacks are offensive and your administrative abuse is troubling .
0.36742297
future perfect at sunrise recall what the original name of wikihounding was wikistalking wikihounding is following another user around for a perfect example of wikihounding look at jack merridews previous arbcoms in which the arbcom unanimously found that jack merridew was wikihouding jack merridew followed around cool cat from page to page on several pages over a period of months this case is completely different i commented on two pages in the arbcom and then i notice the ani which i have watchlisted and frequently comment on i have not followed jack merridew at all by your absurd standard and who created wikipediaadministratorsnoticeboardincidentarchive582jackmerridew 27sdisruptivesignature and anyone else who first commented in the arbcom then commented in ani is a wikihounder you are setting a absurd precedence here that an editor who comments in a arbcom and then comments about the same editor on ani is wikihounding and can be threatened by a admin with a block future perfect at sunrise you have been here long enough to know that you should not try to second guess an editors motivations unfortunately this is not the first admin abuse and bad judgment i have seen in this arbcom an admin was calling my edits sjit and another admin has repeatedly defended personal attacks in addition i helped desopy 3 admins your baseless personal attacks are offensive and your administrative abuse is troubling 
0.22270654
shit, sjit; 

at the same time , it also includes fundamentalist preachers who proudly declare that the church is the apocalyptic whore of babylon .
0.703717
at the same time it also includes fundamentalist preachers who proudly declare that the church is the apocalyptic khore of babylon 
0.20373249
whore, khore; 

blah blah blah blah . stay off my talk page . dont look at my talk page . dont respond to my talk page or to others who comment on my talk page . stay on your side of wikipedia and off mine . blaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah .
0.6085351
blah blah blah blah stay off my talk page *dont look at my talk page doet respond to my talk page or to others who comment on my talk page stay on your side of wikipedia and off mine blaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah 
0.57244545
dont, *dont; dont, doet; 

