christmas message i hope you die in hell you filthy pig . your anime , filthy slum-apartment , plus your renowned dick sucking , qualifies you for no more than head prostitute of your filthy family . i hope your father died an early death from painful stds contracted from taking it in the ass from your brother . you think stds aren't contracted from anal sex ? they are when your mom is using dirty needles to shoot both your mom and dad up in the process . clearly your mom died of a drug overdose . your siblings deserve to be hit by a truck and school bus and then fucked by your necrophiliac girlfriend ( oh wait , you've never had one ) . eat shit .
0.9560667
christmas message i hope you die in hell you filthy pig your anime filthy slumapartment plus your renowned dick sucking qualifies you for no more than head prostitute of your filthy family i hope your father died an early death from painful stds contracted from taking it in the ass from your brother you think stds arent contracted from anal sex they are when your mom is using dirty needles to shoot both your mom and dad up in the process clearly your mom died of a drug overdose your siblings deserve to be hi* by a truck and school bus and then fucked by your necrophiliac girlfriend oh wait youve never had one eat shit 
0.9523166
hit, hi*; 

:::: all i know is that you seem to be a silly man . then you bring that ridiculous coldplay expert into this diseased game and that is ultimate joke . is he supposed to be the resident wikipedia music expert ? i mean , what kind of mindless fool imagines there is a molecule of talent to singing a song about jello like some castrated schoolboy ? have you heard how they play guitar ? chugga-chugga-chugga , it is alternative no-talent trash of the worst kind ! i don't care how the brainwashed masses are deluded and deceived into thinking coldplay is quality music when so obviously it comes from the sewer , except that is an insult to the sewer . those who attack soviet russia attack a nation that created the greatest music known to mankind and the new democracy of gangsters only destroyed whatever quality once existed . do not compare coldplay to great art , please , do not be sillier than you already are , because coldplay is an example of everything that is wrong with music today . my dog knows more about music than coldplay , sings better than coldplay , and he did not go to a school of castrated schoolboys to learn that much .
0.5254056
all i know is that you seem to be a sirly man then you bring that ridiculous coldplay expert into this diseased game and that is ultimate joke is he supposed to be the resident wikipedia music expert i mean what kind of mindless fool imagines there is a molecule of talent to singing a song about jello like some castrated schoolboy have you heard how they play guitar chuggachuggachugga it is alternative notalent trash of the worst kind i dont care how the brainwashed masses are deluded and deceived into thinking coldplay is quality music when so obviously it comes from the sewer except that is an insult to the sewer those who attack soviet russia attack a nation that created the greatest music known to mankind and the new democracy of gangsters only destroyed whatever quality once existed do not compare coldplay to great art please do not be sillier than you already are because coldplay is an example of everything that is wrong with music today my dog knows more about music than coldplay sings better than coldplay and he did not go to a school of castrated schoolboys to learn that much 
0.5079802
silly, sirly; 

