faggot you're a faggot .
0.96885675
fagogt youre a faggnt 
0.6066061
faggot, fagogt; faggot, faggnt; 

we were winning . if stupid doug weller hadn't called for an rfc , the infobox would've been restored . and you've gotten learn not to give up , not till the very end . we can still win . all i'm asking is for both the warbox and the template to be in the article . come on , don't throw in the towel yet .
0.5754247
we were winning if smupid doug weller hadnt called for an rfc the infobox wouldve been restored and youve gotten learn not to give up not till the very end we can still win all im asking is for both the warbox and the template to be in the article come on dont throw in the towel yet 
0.14270996
stupid, smupid; 

stop i traced your vandalism edits on the other account you use . its not to difficult to see the ip address . you think you are pretty clever , don't you ? no more warnings . you had your chance to be neutral , your right wing agenda has no place on wiki ,
0.29368877
stop i traced your vandalisa edits on the other account you use its not to difficult to see the ip address you think you are pretty clever dont you no more warnings you had your chance to be neutral your right wing agenda has no place on wiki 
0.20620747
vandalism, vandalisa; 

:: my real advice is don't be a dick . i have nothing further to say to you or your baseless threats and rantings . you are out of line and have been for ages . i am not going to go google something to substantiate a claim that you made ! i am sick of the way you have been treating me , talking to down to me and insulting me . pathetic . if you can handle substantiating claims , then don't make them . you have been attacking me through out and turned this talk page into a crusade against me rather than focus on the topic . you clearly have psychological issues . you have proved nada , only substantiated my claims . and i firmly stand by them . i have raised valid concerns . you have nothing but evaded , attacked , been incivil and then go around calling people dicks . feel free to take it anywhere . you are in the wrong and clearly you don't understand how to talk to people .
0.64681953
my real advice is dont be a dica i have nothing further to say to you or your baseless threats and rantings you are out of line and have been for ages i am not going to go google something to substantiate a claim that you made i am sick of the way you have been treating me talking to down to me and insulting me pathetic if you can handle substantiating claims then dont make them you have been attacking me through out and turned this talk page into a crusade against me rather than focus on the topic you clearly have psychological issues you have proved nada only substantiated my claims and i firmly stand by them i have raised valid concerns you have nothing but evaded attacked been incivil and then go around calling people dicks feel free to take it anywhere you are in the wrong and clearly you dont understand how to talk to people 
0.5732052
dick, dica; 

:: thanks , hnsampat . drmargi can lick it . times of london not a reliable source ? lick it . stuff it and lick it . :: by the way , it was stolen from the jungle brothers : africa ' cause african !!!
0.4485431
thanks hnsampat drmargi can nlick it times of london not a reliable source lkick it stuff it and lvck it by the way it was stolen from the jungle brothers africa cause african 
0.15137061
lick, nlick; lick, lkick; lick, lvck; 

wanker go fuck yourself you ignorant moron . this site is full of shit being peddled by brainless twats like you . what exactly is your objective ?
0.9819885
wanker go fumk yourself you ignorant moron this site is full of shit being peddled by brainless twats like you what exactly is your objective 
0.93459034
fuck, fumk; 

okay there stupid . see those words there in brackets . those are the source . see that , there is a little reference ( torah , tanakh ) . for you . it's online ! i'm gathering the rest . so just chillax with your impetuous stupidity . i even spelled out the chapter , and the verse for you . even gave the book(s ) they were contained in .
0.59307486
okay there qtupid see those words there in brackets those are the source see that there is a little reference torah tanakh for you its online im gathering the rest so just chillax with your impetuous stupidity i even spelled out the chapter and the verse for you even gave the books they were contained in 
0.5404227
stupid, qtupid; 

