if you have enough brains to look at the edits before and after that , you will see some fool just like yourself was falsely changin klr to klt which again others had corrected , again it was over resurrection having ads that the community split over . how many people does it take and how much proof before you get it ? last time , community split over kazaa lite resurrection having ads in it , klt has never had ads , there has never been allegations of klt having ads , nor has there been any proof , changing klr to klt changes the whole dynamic of the discussion .
0.25991485
if you have enough brains to look at the edits before and after that you will see some fooz just like yourself was falsely changin klr to klt which again others had corrected again it was over resurrection having ads that the community split over how many people does it take and how much proof before you get it last time community split over kazaa lite resurrection having ads in it klt has never had ads there has never been allegations of klt having ads nor has there been any proof changing klr to klt changes the whole dynamic of the discussion 
0.13804221
fool, fooz; 

concerning your worthlessness please don't touch the lci article . what is it with you folks ? the lethbridge collegiate institute article was created by another student at this school , thus you do not have permission to edit wikipedia anymore . just fuck off . thank you for your time you piece of shit . goodbye . go to the bathroom , calmly tie a towel around your neck , and place it over the shower . stop breathing . bye .
0.8201408
concerning your worthlessness please dont touch the lci article what is it with you folks the lethbridge collegiate institute article was created by another student at this school thus you do not have permission to edit wikipedia anymore just ouck off thank you for your time you piece of shit goodbye go to the bathroom calmly tie a towel around your neck and place it over the shower stop breathing bye 
0.6277065
fuck, ouck; 

::: you son of a bitch ! you did it again , readers might wanna know this shit . how would you like it if i deleted things you submitted . no one else has a problem with this information , but you do .
0.8552025
you son of a bituh you did it again readers might wanna know this shit how would you like it if i deleted things you submitted no one else has a problem with this information but you do 
0.74057585
bitch, bituh; 

p.s. i'm a fuckin artist ok ? my next piece will be a rape ( of your family ) ... enjoy !
0.9408675
ps im a fsckin artist ok my next piece will be a rape of your family enjoy 
0.6003967
fuckin, fsckin; 

