::::::::::: that's a lie ! you're guilty of sophistry and manipulation . oh , you are a clever one , aren't you . i read what you edited . i saw what you didwhat you added , what you deletedi don't how you did it , but we both know what you didand you continue to do it ! with the full weight of your title and insider access as an administrator . i'm not an expert at wikioh , excuuuuse mei mean wikipedia . and why , for the love of god , do all of you continue to refuse to address my issue regarding the concensus that was reached long ago ; namely , that the article was fucking fine until you decided you we were not as brilliant as you ? go fuck yourself ... i'm done ... gee , what a life you have ! wikipedia ... no pay , no glory . and the butt of jokes from jay leno and david letterman . oh , and by the way .... you should remove the photo of peg from the article , for , as your puckerd asshole will see , it was contributed by mefrom my original research . you are a fucking a liar and a hypocrite , gwen . you have no true alligenmce to wikipedia .... you belong to a hateful , politcal band of cultish fanatics within ... me , i'm just a fucking iraq war vet who tried to help make wikipedia honest .... you changed the history to reflect your rightness and calmly sit back and wait for the maniac to vent . well , there ya go , miss cunt .. you got what you wanted . go fuck yourself . ( oh , know , gee , i guess i won't be able to edit for wikipedia anymore after that tirade ) who fucking cares . what the fuck good did it do me ? if you had one fucking ounce of integrity , you would compare the very original article with my contributions ... peg entwistle's wikipedia looked like a fucking god damned article from weekly world news .
0.9440509
thats a lie youre guilty of sophistry and manipulation oh you are a clever one arent you i read what you edited i saw what you didwhat you added what you deletedi dont how you did it but we both know what you didand you continue to do it with the full weight of your title and insider access as an administrator im not an expert at wikioh excuuuuse mei mean wikipedia and why for the love of god do all of you continue to refuse to address my issue regarding the concensus that was reached long ago namely that the article was fucking fine until you decided you we were not as brilliant as you go ufck yourself im done gee what a life you have wikipedia no pay no glory and the butt of jokes from jay leno and david letterman oh and by the way you should remove the photo of peg from the article for as your puckerd asshole will see it was contributed by mefrom my original research you are a fucking a liar and a hypocrite gwen you have no true alligenmce to wikipedia you belong to a hateful politcal band of cultish fanatics within me im just a fucking iraq war vet who tried to help make wikipedia honest you changed the history to reflect your rightness and calmly sit back and wait for the maniac to vent well there ya go miss cunt you got what you wanted go fbuck yourself oh know gee i guess i wont be able to edit for wikipedia anymore after that tirade who fucking cares what the fuce good did it do me if you had one fucking ounce of integrity you would compare the very original article with my contributions peg entwistles wikipedia looked like a fucking god damned article from weekly world news 
0.91061777
fuck, ufck; fuck, fbuck; fuck, fuce; 

i am coming to get you i know where you live and im going to come and rape you
0.83298326
i am coming to get you i know where you live and im going to come and rgpe you 
0.3373774
rape, rgpe; 

you can't even shoot a fart outta yer own arse ! dirty frenchman
0.94238955
you cant even shoot a fart outta yer own srse dirty frenchman 
0.89717674
arse, srse; 

you are a sad , miserable little man john . why the hell are you trying to get into an edit war with me ? get a life . it is you that are wrong . you are the one that doesn't get what wikipedia is about . clown . leave me and my edits the hell alone !!!!!!!!! okay i'll admit that at times before i have come across some people , trolls on wikipedia that were anal , and pedantic , and stupid , but you ... i have never seen anyone like you just taking all of my things out of it because i didn't cite them ? you're out of your mind !!!! get a half a clue about wikipedia first . most things don't have citations .
0.83093023
you are a sad miserable little man john why the helrl are you trying to get into an edit war with me get a life it is you that are wrong you are the one that doesnt get what wikipedia is about clown leave me and my edits the helq alone okay ill admit that at times before i have come across some people trolls on wikipedia that were anal and pedantic and stupid but you i have never seen anyone like you just taking all of my things out of it because i didnt cite them youre out of your mind get a half a clue about wikipedia first most things dont have citations 
0.73449206
hell, helrl; hell, helq; 

should i submit your name to gay porn websites ? i think wikipedia's liberal d-bags like yourself sure deserve it .
0.53038406
should i submit your name to gay potn websites i think wikipedias liberal dbags like yourself sure deserve it 
0.30220464
porn, potn; 

hey kimchi , thats not advertising . it's our artist's bio for our artist ' c . khid ' fa'aget! '
0.108891934
hey kimohi thats not advertising its our artists bio for our artist c khid faaget 
0.084892206
kimchi, kimohi; 

