you promotes racism , it is not vandalism . i am checking all your contributions and the are delete all references , people who speak spanish , investigate first . this user promotes racism !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! libstar promotes discrimation , you can read in all he/her contributions . stop it .
0.55268776
you promotes raicsm it is not vandalism i am checking all your contributions and the are delete all references people who speak spanish investigate first this user promotes macism libstar promotes discrimation you can read in all heher contributions stop it 
0.2078071
racism, raicsm; racism, macism; 

:: it's shocking to find that , once again , someone is so ignorant as to offer a * translated text * as if it and even * one word from it* ! can be used as automatic , knock-down evidence for something ( this is an astonishing intolerance which brands me a poor psychiatrist ) . if freud actually used the word ' psychiater ' there , he would undoubtedly have been using it in a generic sense (' psychological healer ' ) , not a specialism-defining one (' psychiatrist ' ) . :: seriously : the * deep * illiteracy and the awful lack of sheer intellectual * hygiene * people display by such behaviour makes me very pessimistic about the wiki project . how can we stop people stuffing this kind of rubbish into every crack they see ?
0.56451005
its shocking to find that once again someone isw so ignorant as to offer a translated text as if it and even one word from it can be used as automatic knockdown evidence for something this *s an astonishing intolerance which brands me a poor psychiatrist if freud actually used the word psychiater there he would undoubtedly have been using it in a generic sense psychological healer not a specialismdefining one psychiatrist seriously the deep illiteracy and the awful lack of sheer intellectual hygiene people display by such behaviour makes me very pessimistic about the wiki project how can we stop people stuffing this kind of rubbish into every crack they see 
0.5285635
is, isw; is, *s; 

:::: if i quoted the source for damned wretch , would you know what i was referring to ? i repeat , the edit on winters does not match the citation ; see for yourself ; don't piggy-back on sources you don't understand . mysweetoldetc .
0.35546106
if i quoted the source for damned wketch would you know what i was referring to i repeat the edit on winters does not match the citation see for yourself dont piggyback on sources you dont understand mysweetoldetc 
0.22713982
wretch, wketch; 

