regarding the user goodday the user goodday is a troll , he keeps going around on peoples talk pages trying to stir up trouble for me ( even though i hardly log on here anymore ) , this is what he does . he has no pupose in life , but to stalk certain users and try and stir up false rumours/trouble he has done it many times , note how he adds nothing to wikipedia , he just comes on here to argue . its obviously the highlight of his life . very sad .
0.24617477
regarding the user goodday the user goodday is a trcll he keeps going around on peoples talk pages trying to stir up trouble for me even though i hardly log on here anymore this is what he does he has no pupose in life but to stalk certain users and try and stir up false rumourstrouble he has done it many times note how he adds nothing to wikipedia he just comes on here to argue its obviously the highlight of his life very sad 
0.22388148
troll, trcll; 

niteshift you are one seriously ignorant individual lol .
0.82602966
niteshift you are one seriously ignoranp individual lol 
0.37580237
ignorant, ignoranp; 

i stand by my convictions that you are the undisputed world heavyweight douche bag of the internet . say what you will fuck face , i tire of these conversations with your fake military persona . mr. high-and-mighty mr. niteshift , you can go fuck yourself . go ahead and report me because my words hurt your widdle feewings . you wouldn't be such a smart ass to my face . hide behind your computer monitor and be a smart ass little faggot . if you have the balls , and still serve i corp , meet me sometime . i'm never too far away .
0.95271903
i stand by my convictions that you are the undisputed world heavyweight douche bag of the internet say what you will fucy face i tire of these conversations with your fake military persona mr highandmighty mr niteshift you can go feck yourself go ahead and report me because my words hurt your widdle feewings you wouldnt be such a smart ass to my face hide behind your computer monitor and be a smart ass little faggot if you have the balls and still serve i corp meet me sometime im never too far away 
0.90418285
fuck, fucy; fuck, feck; 

