there is this racist troll called kansas bear . i call him kansas the arm taker . this moron is supported by foreign government agencies . a person like this has no place in wikipedia . racist groups should not be in wikipedia at all . he is stupid troll . when you see him just report him right away
0.81450635
there is this racist troll called kansas bear i call him kansas the arm taker this moron is supported by foreign government agencies a person like this has no place in wikipedia racist groups should not be in wikipedia at all he is stuuid troll when you see him just report him right away 
0.7147855
stupid, stuuid; 

how about you all go fuck yourselves ?
0.97289985
how about you all go fucg yourselves 
0.45054808
fuck, fucg; 

oh , get real , will ya'!! ( or , is that a totally alien-concept for you ?? ) ... these are not ' angry ' - you do not want to see me angry ... again , these are all statements of fact , which falls [ solidly ] within my 1st ammendment rights . additionally , i do have my own websites - several of them - and there are others about me built by fans i've never even physically met ... once more the mark of someone ' wet behind their ears ' and not willing to do the research ... i guess everything that is required of a ' good ' editor/administrator , here . i've had this same problem with the ' wiki ' bastards in australia ... spouting revisionist history , and trying to tell me that i never did the things that i actually did , and pronouncing ' harsh-judgment'/condemnation on the things i didn't ... what the hell is the matter with you ' types' ? ( rhetorical , actually ) ... because i already know : you hide behind ' avatars ' and sit on your ' high-and-mighty-thrones ' to try and dictate to other people about their own lives ... politically , you're very likely liberal , and ethically/morally , quite obviously bankrupt ! in short , individuals of your ' persuasion ' cannot make it in the outside world , so you ' bury ' & ' busy ' yourselves in ' safe ' [ for you ] places like this , where you can exert an imagined ' power ' over others and their lives , through keystroke terroism - that's what it amounts-to ... i'm not the danger/threat with these messages , because i'm out here and public ... but you are , because you can hide behind all of this , so you believe you are protected , and can strike out at people with ' impunity ' ... but , you really cannot . i feel sad for you ... yeah , right !! well , i'm going to be the ' bigger man ' here ( even though i believe it said you were some kinda ' editor chick ) ... i'll leave you to do what you want in your own , lil ' limited sandbox , and i'll just go about my usual business - in the outside world ; the real world ! - where what is accomplished really matters , is truly appreciated , and people actually give a good , god-damn about accuracy and the true efficacy of all their hard-fought-for efforts . i wish you well ... i'd wish your ' husband ' well , also , although i doubt that you have one ... for the above , obvious reasons cited - and if ya ' ever did [ ya ' sweet , lil ' monkey you ] , he likely ' bolted ' long ago ... either that , or ya ' probably ' edited ' his ass out of existence too ! poor guy ... oh well ... ciao , baby . -30-
0.4299128
oh get real will ya or is that a totally alienconcept for you these are not angry you do not want to see me angry again these are all statements of fact which falls solidly within my 1st ammendment rights additionally i do have my own websites several of them and there are others about me built by fans ive never even physically met once more the mark of someone wet behind their ears and not willing to do the research i guess everything that is required of a good editoradministrator here ive had this same problem with the wiki bestards in australia spouting revisionist history and trying to tell me that i never did the things that i actually did and pronouncing harshjudgmentcondemnation on the things i didnt what the hell is the matter with you types rhetorical actually because i already know you hide behind avatars and sit on your highandmightythrones to try and dictate to other people about their own lives politically youre very likely liberal and ethicallymorally quite obviously bankrupt in short individuals of your persuasion cannot make it in the outside world so you bury busy yourselves in safe for you places like this where you can exert an imagined power over others and their lives through keystroke terroism thats what it amountsto im not the dangerthreat with these messages because im out here and public but you are because you can hide behind all of this so you believe you are protected and can strike out at people with impunity but you really cannot i feel sad for you yeah right well im going to be the bigger man here even though i believe it said you were some kinda editor chick ill leave you to do what you want in your own lil limited sandbox and ill just go about my usual business in the outside world the real world where what is accomplished really matters is truly appreciated and people actually give a good goddamn about accuracy and the true efficacy of all their hardfoughtfor efforts i wish you well id wish your husband well also although i doubt that you have one for the above obvious reasons cited and if ya ever did ya sweet lil monkey you he likely bolted long ago either that or ya probably edited his ass out of existence too poor guy oh well ciao baby 30 
0.28691596
bastards, bestards; 

