you see that kid talking to me i hate him he never leaves me alone . i wish he would die .
0.81875336
you see that kid talking to me i hwte him he never leaves me alone i wish he would die 
0.67427605
hate, hwte; 

vadalize ? what did i vandalize you fool ? ya admin are lyke bush alwayz keeping us niggers down ! now tell me what i did , so i can try ta get your admin removed .
0.83730876
vadalize what did i vandalize you eool ya admin are lyke bush alwayz keeping us niggers down now tell me what i did so i can try ta get your admin removed 
0.7788609
fool, eool; 

one guy , seemingly some sort of administrator , deleted my contribution of fifty minutes worth of edits . i went to his user page . the guy is blind . blind ! how ridiculous that my carefully set out text , with bolds and italics , gets deleted by a blind person . but wikipedia gives people that power . another administrator repeatedly deleted a link i added to a page . i have already added that link to three other pages without difficulty . when i asked him to justify it , the request was ignored . when i reinstated the link , i got banned by him . arbitrary . i am in the hands of fools in this place . wikipedia works on the principle that he who comes early does the hard work , but he who comes along later gets to dictate the form of a page . what a stupid system . arbitrary , wasteful , silly .
0.43771577
one guy seemingly some sort of administrator deleted my contribution of fifty minutes worth of edits i went to his user page the guy is blind blind how ridiculous that my carefully set out text with bolds and italics gets deleted by a blind person but wikipedia gives people that power another administrator repeatedly deleted a link i added to a page i have already added that link to three other pages without difficulty when i asked him to justify it the request was ignored when i reinstated the link i got banned by him arbitrary i am in the hands of fools in this place wikipedia works on the principle that he who comes early does the hard work but he who comes along later gets to dictate the form of a page what a smupid system arbitrary wasteful silly 
0.38583726
stupid, smupid; 

hello again i am back with a vengence !!!!!! alright , so will block me , thats expected , so with that note on mind , i begin my rant . my rant fuck is an interesting word , and can be used in many ways . such as , fuck you , go fuck yourself ( no one else will ) i fucked your mother , also who the fuck do you think you are ? do you think you are god ? is that it ? were you molested by your teacher as a child ? i dont understand what would cause you to think your so fucking great . i raped all of your family members , and siblings , cousins , aunts and uncles . i also raped your mother ( she liked it ) and so you are nothing . absolutly nothing , and you should terminate your existance a.s.a.p. ( as soon as possible just letting you know , because you are fucking retarted !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ) fuck you , and go die . that is all . ps you fudge packing ass-monger , i have one last thing to say to you . die !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fucker i hope you rot in hell you son of a skank .
0.98246485
hello again i am back with a vengence alright so will block me thats expected so with that note on mind i begin my rant my rant fuckx is an interesting word and can be used in many ways such as ufck you go fusk yourself no one else will i fucked your mother also who the fukc do you think you are do you think you are god is that it were you molested by your teacher as a child i dont understand what would cause you to think your so fucking great i raped all of your family members and siblings cousins aunts and uncles i also raped your mother she liked it and so you are nothing absolutly nothing and you should terminate your existance asap as soon as possible just letting you know because you are fucking retarted fucy you and go die that is all ps you fudge packing assmonger i have one last thing to say to you die fucker i hope you rot in hell you son of a skank 
0.9463063
fuck, fuckx; fuck, ufck; fuck, fusk; fuck, fukc; fuck, fucy; 

wikidicks nothing any of you old scholarly wannabe fucks can say about my article will negatively affect me more than this case has . have fun with your lame old selves .
0.85828304
wikidicks nothing any of you old scholarly wannabe fuckh can say about my article will negatively affect me more than this case has have fun with your lame old selves 
0.45415765
fucks, fuckh; 

