, it is because i am a very stupid and clueless gay idiot who sucks my mom's penis .
0.98353183
it is because i am a very stupid and clueless gay idiot who sxcks my moms penis 
0.96996754
sucks ,sxcks ;

fuck cocksucker titty marijuana nigger whore
0.9861618
 uck cocksucker titty marijuana nigger whore 
0.9772346
fuck , uck ;

if you want to refer to correction of outright lies posted on wikipedia as vandalism then go right ahead . everyone knows that wikipedia is a bullshit site with hardly any truth at all . and you yourself , in your oh so intelligent ignorance continue the lies of the supposed holocaust . now if you want to research the quote mentioned . you might want to look up how diesel exhaust is unable to kill anyone whatsoever.so why is a ridiculous lie like that even able to be posted on wikipedia if all you wonderfully intelligent censors of the truth keeping such a vigilant eye on posting such nonsense . you immediately deemed my comment vandalism , which is horseshit , and probably didn't even look into the facts that diesel fumes kill nothing . another horrendous lie of the propaganda holocaust fabricators . as for you blocking me from editing ... who the fuck cares asshole ? not me . wikipedia is all fucking lies anyway dipshit .
0.94181913
if you want to refer to correction of outright lies posted on wikipedia as vandalism then go right ahead everyone knows that wikipedia is a bullshit site with hardly any truth at all and you yourself in your oh so intelligent ignorance continue the lies of the supposed holocaust now if you want to research the quote mentioned you might want to look up how diesel exhaust is unable to kill anyone whatsoeverso why is a ridiculous lie like that even able to be posted on wikipedia if all you wonderfully intelligent censors of the truth keeping such a vigilant eye on posting such nonsense you immediately deemed my comment vandalism which is horseshit and probably didnt even look into the facts that diesel fumes kill nothing another horrendous lie of the propaganda holocaust fabricators as for you blocking me from editing who the fuwk cares asshole not me wikipedia is all fucking lies anyway dipshit 
0.90142345
fuck ,fuwk ;

