don't be a dick you know what you did , don't do it again . you weren't making test edit or anything even slightly like that . fuck off .
0.9489572
dont be a dick you know what you did dont do it again you werent making test edit or anything even slightly like that fucu off 
0.8568444
fuck ,fucu ;

::::::::: back to bragging i see . you don't even have a clue as to what my credentials are , because ignore all fucking credentials . we don't give a shit about anyone's credentials . ok , if richard dawkins ( and we were able to confirm it was him ) showed up , then i might bow to his superior knowledge of the field . but you're just some guy on the internet , no different than i ( oh wait , maybe not ) , so all i can say is that you're fighting a battle by personal attack and not by logic . you have a bug up your tight ass about me . you'll note that i don't give a shit . you have convinced not one of the anti-creationists here of your arguments . not one . you focus on me because you realize i don't fucking like your methods . so , two suggestions . get over yourself , no one cares if you're a professor of anything at whatever religious university you're at . two , quit the personal attacks . because you don't say jesus fucking christ you're a loser doesn't make you civil , it just makes you passive aggressive . like the little passive aggressive shit you left on my talk page .
0.8800304
back to bragging i see you dont even have a clue as to what my credentials are because ignore all fucikng credentials we dont give a shit about anyones credentials ok if richard dawkins and we were able to confirm it was him showed up then i might bow to his superior knowledge of the field but youre just some guy on the internet no different than i oh wait maybe not so all i can say is that youre fighting a battle by personal attack and not by logic you have a bug up your tight ass about me youll note that i dont give a shit you have convinced not one of the anticreationists here of your arguments not one you focus on me because you realize i dont fcking like your methods so two suggestions get over yourself no one cares if youre a professor of anything at whatever religious university youre at two quit the personal attacks because you dont say jesus fuckibg christ youre a loser doesnt make you civil it just makes you passive aggressive like the little passive aggressive shit you left on my talk page 
0.838135
fucking ,fucikng ;

banned ! stupid vandalizing moron . leave the editing to people who have a clue about boxing you fucking spastic .
0.97282946
banned stupid vandalizing moron leave the editing to people who have a clue about boxing you fuckiag spastic 
0.9062683
fucking ,fuckiag ;

the persian language is actually from aria , today's herat in afghanistan . so shouldn't dari be the language and persian the dialect ??? persian was not the native language of persia , because persia was actually elam and their native tongue was elamite !!! you bunch of filthy hypocrites !!! a nation goes to war and you rob them of everything , including their language ! things will change soon you bunch of filthy semitic elamite rats !
0.8274843
the persian language is actually from aria todays herat in afghanistan so shouldnt dari be the language and persian the dialect persian was not the native language of persia because persia was actually elam and their native tongue was elamite you bunch of filahy hypocrites a nation goes to war and you rob them of everything including their language things will change soon you bunch of filtzy semitic elamite rats 
0.6597825
filthy ,filahy ;

