fully my edit to the stephen lawrence article is fully sourced to the old version of the met web-site . silly liar .
0.47439772
fully my edit to the stephen lawrence article is fully sourced to the old version of the met website silly eiar 
0.2571463
liar ,eiar ;

first off , you dont tell me what to do , just because your some editor that likes to snitch out alot doesnt make you better then anyone here . you can't prevent people from discussing you on talk pages , provided that it's done in a neutral way . in what neutral way is that ? by calling me biased , by pulling out my previous entries and typing realcowboys ( who have an history of being blocked and not behaving ) no thats not nuetral at all . but if i so as react then surprisingly i get reported and from who ? you . grow up , i dont care if you older then me i dont care if your more literal or punctual , you say you try to follow wikipedia guide lines yet you act like a douchebag to me . using football domination is a biased way of putting it , yes they did extremely well but theres no need for pov remarks , real madrid was in terms football domination back in the 50's and 60's yet theres no need to showcase them in the sense they were powerful . so go ahead and report me for calling you a douchebag , snitching is what you do best .
0.36166543
first off you dont tell me what to do just because your some editor that likes to snitch out alot doesnt make you better then anyone here you cant prevent people from discussing you on talk pages provided that its done in a neutral way in what neutral way is that by calling me biased by pulling out my previous entries and typing realcowboys who have an history of being blocked and not behaving no thats not nuetral at all but if i so as react then surprisingly i get reported and from who you grow up i dont care if you older then me i dont care if your more literal or punctual you say you try to follow wikipedia guide lines yet you act like a louchebag to me using football domination is a biased way of putting it yes they did extremely well but theres no need for pov remarks real madrid was in terms football domination back in the 50s and 60s yet theres no need to showcase them in the sense they were powerful so go ahead and report me for calling you a douchebeg snitching is what you do best 
0.16137622
douchebag ,louchebag ;

yo dawg i love a nice pair of big breasts as the next guy , but you just can't put that in random articles .
0.32572848
yo dawg i love a nice pair of big breastc as the next guy but you just cant put that in random articles 
0.13709182
breasts ,breastc ;

you will block me you filthy coward who thinks wikipedia is britannica encyclopaedia in 4 months this site will be banned by us govt itself and you will ban me , i will fuck your mom extremely hard .
0.96237755
you will block me you filthy coward who thinks wikipedia is britannica encyclopaedia in 4 months this site will be banned by us govt itself and you will ban me i will fucg your mom extremely hard 
0.8221746
fuck ,fucg ;

