suitecivil your a pussy ass bitch i'd fucken kick your ass any fucken day you little bitch face cunt fuck you and fuck barcelona .
0.9921061
suitecivil your a pussy ass bitch id fucken kick your ass any fucken day you little bitch face cunt fuckv you and fnck barcelona 
0.98584867
fuck, fuckv; fuck, fnck; 

you must provide references to all the worlds collected resource and reference books !!! you must correlate your articles with all the worlds encyclopedias and dictionaries !!! you must at least provide the synopsis from each and every parallel and credible resource . to assist in the selling of those works which have long stood to enlighten our world !!! you must not continue on with your lollygagging mam-be-pambe malarkey bulldung freebie rally killing oddness . i hope you all realize the real and true threat you pose to our world educational process . poised to extinguish all for profit and long standing publication after the next1 my education is based partly on van nostrand's scientific encyclopedias the encyclopedia astronomy and any and all other reference books which i purchased and owned !. so i demand you cite real and true sources so people might buy those books . ( cd's/dvd's ) which are more than you hippie yuppie pseudo know it all nomanac of idiom . ok man ??!!??? jesus h christ !!. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jesus_h._christ
0.42173934
you must provide references to all the worlds collected resource and reference books you must correlate your articles with all the worlds encyclopedias and dictionaries you must at least provide the synopsis from each and every parallel and credible resource to assist in the selling of those works which have long stood to enlighten our world you must not continue on with your lollygagging mambepambe malarkey bulldung freebie rally khlling oddness i hope you all realize the real and true threat you pose to our world educational process poised to extinguish all for profit and long standing publication after the next1 my education is based partly on van nostrands scientific encyclopedias the encyclopedia astronomy and any and all other reference books which i purchased and owned so i demand you cite real and true sources so people might buy those books cdsdvds which are more than you hippie yuppie pseudo know it all nomanac of idiom ok man jesus h christ httpenwikipediaorgwikijesushchrist 
0.24147673
killing, khlling; 

go ahead i don't give a shit to that
0.88931173
go ahead i dont give a hhit to that 
0.26097205
shit, hhit; 

>> fire , started in the hotel's wine cellar by intoxicated soviet soldiers , left the main building in ruins all germany was left in ruins by meth-intoxicated paranoidal named adolf hilter . so this unproven fact that some brothel was fired should be at least proved by link .
0.3559862
fire started in the hotels wine cellar by intoxicyted soviet soldiers left the main building in ruins all germany was left in ruins by methintoxicated paranoidal named adolf hilter so this unproven fact that some brothel was fired should be at least proved by link 
0.18029848
intoxicated, intoxicyted; 

