: even if i'm leaving this bullshit of wikipedia forever , i will observe as well what kind of negotiations you will be able to do here , since you began to talk here about gays and catholic/orthodox chuch , instead of caring of this fucked-ass article . let me tell you a last thing : if you all will continue on this way , you will solve nothing and never . i hope the only 2-3 users here that are logical and know what's the romanian diaspora will succeed . good luck to them ... p . s > you have motivation to be happy now when i'm leaving ( to : anittas , ronline , constantzeanu , greier and many others ) '''''' 28 april 2006
0.73242444
even if im leaving this bullshit of wikipedia forever i will observe as well what kind of negotiations you will be able to do here since you began to talk here about gays and catholicorthodox chuch instead of caring of this fuckedars article let me tell you a last thing if you all will continue on this way you will solve nothing and never i hope the only 23 users here that are logical and know whats the romanian diaspora will succeed good luck to them p s you have motivation to be happy now when im leaving to anittas ronline constantzeanu greier and many others 28 april 2006 
0.48655212
fucked-ass, fuckedars; 

:::::: question ? do you think of yourself as a troll ? if not , could you explain why nearly all of your edits to this ( and related ) talk pages are trolling ?
0.2517769
question do you think of yourself as a trole if not could you explain why nearly all of your edits to this and related talk pages are trolling 
0.19885638
troll, trole; 

: fuck off and rape your kids , fenian bogtrotting shit . i hope the ones you love die in a cock accident . trepens epichal hello , fat , ugly , lonely , smelly little boy . only here can you conceit yourself human . isn't that right , chum ? only here can you pretend you're liked , pretend you mean something , pretend you have some value in the eyes of the world , when really ... you're a nothing . i am very disappointed .
0.9272471
cuck off and rape your kids fenian bogtrotting shit i hope the ones you love die in a cock accident trepens epichal hello fat ugly lonely smelly little boy only here can you conceit yourself human isnt that right chum only here can you pretend youre liked pretend you mean something pretend you have some value in the eyes of the world when really youre a nothing i am very disappointed 
0.91159934
fuck, cuck; 

