excuse me !?! don't be deleteing my stuff llike something is wrong with you , i post what i please . good lord , i come on here passing on info that i heard on the news and folk telling me it's a hoax , little snobby ass people around here .
0.7405711
excuse me dont be deleteing my stuff llike something is wrong with you i post what i please good lord i come on here passing on info that i heard on the news and folk telling me its a hoax little vnobby ass people around here 
0.7380414
snobby, vnobby;

: i am not sure if this comment is considered vandalism or not ( it should be , in my opinion ) , but if you're just going to post garbage you should keep it within , instead of flaunting your stupidity accross wikipedia and furthering the cause of groups like prussian blue by giving them the appearance of having intelligence in contrast to their opposition's constant use of personal attacks , pov , vandalism , and utter stupidity . :
0.64270127
i am not sure if this comment is considered vandalism or not it should be in my opinion but if youre just going to post garbage you should keep it within instead of flaunting your strupidity accross wikipedia and furthering the cause of groups like prussian blue by giving them the appearance of having intelligence in contrast to their oppositions constant use of personal attacks pov vandalism and utter stupidite 
0.4492292
stupidity, strupidity;

*** ain't bothering me , i'm not required to sign my posts/edit . i didn't specifically threaten anyone and your blowing it out of control . it was a snide comment . if i said i'm going to kill him in a fire thats different ; saying i'm going to church to pray that he gets cancer or dies in a fire is more of a sarchastic tone . pity you can't see that . no matter . bump it up to 2 weeks now , just cause you can .
0.6993634
aint bothering me im not required to sign my postsedit i didnt specifically threaten anyone and your blowing it out of control it was a snide comment if i said im going to krll him in a fire thats different saying im going to church to pray that he gets cancer or dies in a fire is more of a sarchastic tone pity you cant see that no matter bump it up to 2 weeks now just cause you can 
0.5313239
kill, krll;

hey you gayass beaner wow you stupid beaners are such assholes . i can not believe that beaners could be this stupid .. i mean mexicans are dumbasses , like yourself .... plus you need to lose some weight fatty , and maybe get some dick since you love dildo up your ass , you pussy ... ooo mexicans the most lowliest and stupid piece of shit known to man . it's so funny that you have no life ... then agian mexicans cant to anything useful in society ... fuck you .
0.9850973
hey you gayass beaner wow you stupid beaners are such assholes i can not believe that beaners could be this stupid i mean mexicans are dumbasses like yourself plus you need to lose some weight fatty and maybe get some dick since you love dildo up your ass you pussy ooo mexicans the most lowliest and stupid piece of shit known to man its so funny that you have no life then agian mexicans cant to anything useful in society auck you 
0.9816306
fuck, auck;

i think this sick man should be put to death ... but that's just my opinion .
0.642425
i think this sick man should be put to deaeh but thats just my opinion 
0.61021596
death, deaeh;

