isn't tart a kind of whore or concubine or courtesane ? e.g. she's a politician's tart
0.7187007
isnt tart a kind of whjre or concubine or courtesane eg shes a politicians tart 
0.20230131
whore, whjre;

help sir the marxist christian sickos are back at it sir . they have hijacked the anti-semitism , nazi mysticism , hollow earth , south carolina house of representatives and joe besser pages and the other three pages originally mentioned in the document . i have attempted to revert them to their original states but have been attacked by the anti-semitic pro-illegal immigrant marxist cabal and i dont think i can fight them anymore , they have jimbo wales on their side . i need help . please revert these pages to get rid of the disgusting vomit-inducing pov oriented marxist racist crap that exists now . smarterchildthree out . p.s. what is your opinion on economics ? - p.s.
0.45423695
help sir the marxist christian sickos are back at it sir they have hijacked the antisemitism nazi mysticism hollow earth south carolina house of representatives and joe besser pages and the other three pages originally mentioned in the document i have attempted to revert them to their original states but have been attacked by the antisemitic proillegal immigrant marxist cabal and i dont think i can fight them anymore they have jimbo wales on their side i need help please revert these pages to get rid of the disgusting vomitinducing pov oriented marxist qacist crap that exists now smarterchildthree out ps what is your opinion on economics ps 
0.33661503
racist, qacist;

what a terrible conduct has squeakbox he is fighting with all people . he needs a physician in psychiatry . he used to be whole time in computer . he needs work . he has a dog and a cat . what a disordered brain . probably he has a personality disorder and a obsessive compulsive disorder . he needs to be more time with his family .
0.3966846
what a terrible conduct has squeakbox he is fighting with all people he needs a physician in psychiatry he used to be whole time in computer he needs work he has a dog and a cat what a disordered lrain probably he has a personality disorder and a obsessive compulsive disorder he needs to be more time with his family 
0.33793294
brain, lrain;

