outing whitman article what's your real name ylee ? what have you ever done , for anyone , that gives you license to be critical of anyone ? i usually try to give someone the benefit of the doubt in regards to errant information , but you have a mindset that accepts illogical premises , as long as it is sourced , by anything in print . let's try this - again ! look at the explanations i gave previously , and note that daryl gates and john nelson of the lapd , were given the green light to create s.w.a.t. after the watts riots of 1965 . i am not trying to sneak anything in the article , wp is not transparent like that , and you mentioning it , shows your immaturity , what ever age you are . whitman , was not the impetus of swat . that is true whether i am john moore , jesus christ , satan or any other moniker you want me to be . grow up bubba ! look at the cordial exchanges with kieronoldham . you don't see him bitching .
0.22106457
outing whitman article whats your real name ylee what have you ever done for anyone that gives you license to be critical of anyone i usually try to give someone the benefit of the doubt in regards to errant information but you have a mindset that accepts illogical premises as long as it is sourced by anything in print lets try this again look at the explanations i gave previously and note that daryl gates and john nelson of the lapd were given the green light to create swat after the watts riots of 1965 i am not trying to sneak anything in the article wp is not transparent like that and you mentioning it shows your immaturity what ever age you are whitman was not the impetus of swat that is true whether i am john moore jesus christ satan or any other moniker you want me to be grow up bubba look at the cordial exchanges with kieronoldham you dont see him bitchinq 
0.0852758
bitching, bitchinq; 

:::::: finally a relevant piece of info . first , seem ( a weasel word meaning seem according to my pov and finite knowledge ) is not the same as is . and how am i supposed to know or care about your lay kurgan theory / pontic-caspian homeland wikiconfusion ? i really don't care about your internal politics cuz i have a life . did you think users should ? oh dear . this is exactly how shitburglarz wp has become and why i only casually edit here from time to time for kicks and to shake up the retards who believe a lot of the false crap on here . you all will make up rules and policies among your lonely selves and expect people to read a 12500-page ramble on everything . ever seen the movie brazil ? it looks like a lot like wp . bureaucracy hell . lol .
0.5286743
finally a relevant piece of info first seem a weasel word meaning seem according to my pov and finite knowledge is not the same as is and how am i supposed to know or care about your lay kurgan theory ponticcaspian homeland wikiconfusion i really dont care about your internal politics cuz i have a life did you think users should oh dear this is exactly how shitburglarz wp has become and why i only casually edit here from time to time for kicks and to shake up the retards who believe a lot of the false cfap on here you all will make up rules and policies among your lonely selves and expect people to read a 12500page ramble on everything ever seen the movie brazil it looks like a lot like wp bureaucracy hell lol 
0.40707028
crap, cfap; 

who cares asshole ? stop terrorizing wikipedia users with your stupid questions !
0.96074504
who cares afshole stop terrorizing wikipedia users with your stupid questions 
0.88098735
asshole, afshole; 

alhanuty you arab fucker act like a true muslim if you want me blocked , nigger !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0.9611781
alhanuty you arab fubker act like a true muslim if you want me blocked nigger 
0.8720878
fucker, fubker; 

vandalism is fun though .
0.062409703
vandxlism is fun though 
0.028314305
vandalism, vandxlism; 

