i didn't call you a biased backward yank retard i asked why you act like a biased backward yank retard ( which you do ) there is a difference , and adding my comments to the talk page is the best way to sway people to my point of view but people who act like biased backward yank retards like to censor such comments go figure
0.52026945
i didnt call you a biased backward yank ritard i asked why you act like a biased backward yank retord which you do there is a difference and adding my comments to the talk page is the best way to sway people to my point of view but people who act like biased backward yank retards like to censor such comments go figure 
0.46516412
retard, ritard; retard, retord; 

hi , sitush good morning as i was new to wikipedia i didn't knew many thing i thought that people are bully as we face few problem in the page before i never new that sitush and u or any others were in administration ... so it was like we planned to take legal action so later on we came to know from concerned person that u guys are in admin ... but then i was busy with work ... later i got to know about it ... the time you wrote reema returns it actually sound like mummy returns ... please guide and help me ... for the same ... i have valid link to it if you still feel that the link are not reliable then its fine with me .... 1 . http://articles.timesofindia.indiatimes.com/2012-07-13/news-interviews/32663040_1_shiv-sena-film-songs-akshay-bardapurkar 2 . http://www.mid-day.com/entertainment/2012/sep/010912-pooja-welling-and-sister-reema-to-work-in-ravi-kissens-upcoming-film.htm if you feel this are not reliable source then please let me know that is reliable source ...
0.1662702
hi sitush good morning as i was new to wikipedia i didnt knew many thing i thought that people are bullz as we face few problem in the page before i never new that sitush and u or any others were in administration so it was like we planned to take legal action so later on we came to know from concerned person that u guys are in admin but then i was busy with work later i got to know about it the time you wrote reema returns it actually sound like mummy returns please guide and help me for the same i have valid link to it if you still feel that the link are not reliable then its fine with me 1 httparticlestimesofindiaindiatimescom20120713newsinterviews326630401shivsenafilmsongsakshaybardapurkar 2 httpwwwmiddaycomentertainment2012sep010912poojawellingandsisterreematoworkinravikissensupcomingfilmhtm if you feel this are not reliable source then please let me know that is reliable source 
0.04769486
bully, bullz; 

talk : lane splitting dennis , why don't you just go back and put that article the way i had it ?! 1 ) there * was * an explanation posted along with the change 2 ) in the united states , if something is not specifically prohibited , then it is legal . therefore , motorcycle safety author pat hahn is full of shit . lane splitting is not a grey area . it is legal , as described by the california department of motor vehicles here http://apps.dmv.ca.gov/pubs/hdbk//shr_slow_veh.htm motorcycles may travel faster than traffic during congested road conditions and can legally travel in the unused space between two lines of moving or stationary vehicles ; this is commonly called lane splitting . so , how about you just go back and change your sanctimonious little edit back to the truth ? which is , motorcycle safety author pat hoy is about as ignorant on the subject as joan claybrooke ? and his stupid , uninformed , retarded remarks have no place in an encyclopedia ? thank you .
0.47985873
talk lane splitting dennis why dont you just go back and put that article the way i had it 1 there was an explanation posted along with the change 2 in the united states if something is not specifically prohibited then it is legal therefore motorcycle safety author pat hahn is full of shit lane splitting is not a grey area it is legal as described by the california department of motor vehicles here httpappsdmvcagovpubshdbkshrslowvehhtm motorcycles may travel faster than traffic during congested road conditions and can legally travel in the unused space between two lines of moving or stationary vehicles this is commonly called lane splitting so how about you just go back and change your sanctimonious little edit back to the truth which is motorcycle safety author pat hoy is about as ignorant on the subject as joan claybrooke and his sturid uninformed retarded remarks have no place in an encyclopedia thank you 
0.3648356
stupid, sturid; 

:: nay , you are homophobic and indeed very much so . i have been seeing your ilk for the 40 years of my life : those who pretend to be objective only to push a one-sided oppressive , offensive pov . :: moreover , judging by the way you edit to make them appear in the best of lights , you seem to be in the employ of the horrible individual about whom that article is . :: eventually , if you cannot read english , then your competence in language is obviously quite limited , which is not something i should be concerned about , so kindly abstain from including such off-side nonsense into the discussion .
0.25485566
nay you are homovhobic and indeed very much so i have been seeing your ilk for the 40 years of my life those who pretend to be objective only to push a onesided oppressive offensive pov moreover judging by the way you edit to make them appear in the best of lights you seem to be in the employ of the horrible individual about whom that article is eventually if you cannot read english then your competence in language is obviously quite limited which is not something i should be concerned about so kindly abstain from including such offside nonsense into the discussion 
0.20430277
homophobic, homovhobic; 

