lets review . since this grotesque offense started i have probably been solely and directly responsible for 85% of the material attempted to be posted . that 85% very quickly got chopped down to 4 sentences by half a dozen censors . i decide to wiki whallow again when the story goes super mainstream with cnn and even includes a response from said obvious scumbags . naturally it gets zapped again in seconds by a censor and naturally its another ( now 7 and counting ) live wire that spends every waking hour removing and contributing nothing . i am stating as a fact that the entire wiki premise has evolved into a joke and a 100% waste of time . why should i continue to fight the vast multitude badgehuters ? there ain't a single speck of ethics in any of the full time wiki retards doing censorship as a career choice , probably because children aren't mature enough to learn what they are . now we have the single apparent speck of grey material in the form of ; telling me how vulgar and ban worthy i am for getting pissed off by the ultra sickening status quo . from the heart sir the singular badge i would like to receive from wiki is the lifetime ban badge . that would be a worthy accomplishment from this fukkin disgrace .
0.48269713
lets review since this grotesque offense started i have probably been solely and directly responsible for 85 of the material attempted to be posted that 85 very quickly got chopped down to 4 sentences by half a dozen censors i decide to wiki whallow again when the story goes super mainstream with cnn and even includes a response from said obvious scumbags naturally it gets zapped again in seconds by a censor and naturally its another now 7 and counting live wire that spends every waking hour removing and contributing nothing i am stating as a fact that the entire wiki premise has evolved into a joke and a 100 waste of time why should i continue to fight the vast multitude badgehuters there aint a single speck of ethics in any of the full time wiki retards doing censorship as a career choice probably because children arent mature enough to learn what they are now we have the single apparent speck of grey material in the form of telling me how vulgar and ban worthy i am for getting pissed off by the ultra sickening status quo from the heart sir the singular badge i would like to receive from wiki is the lifetime ban badge that would be a worthy accomplishment from this fukkih disgrace 
0.42051804
fukkin, fukkih; 

:: another self-appointed moderator . all victorians think their shit doesn't stink .
0.9043552
another selfappointed moderator all victorians think their qhit doesnt stink 
0.75949186
shit, qhit; 

wiki brah so aren't you the just a good wiki-citizen , reverting all my edits right ? want to keep up with me every day , day in and day out , for the next ten years ? through the next three american preisdents , our marriages , kids , grandkids , trips back to brasil , all that stuff ? you with me through all that , kiddo ? you better watch your fucking shit with me , son , you have no idea what the fuck you're getting into . obrigado ,
0.9493003
wiki brah so arent you the just a good wikicitizen reverting all my edits right want to keep up with me every day day in and day out for the next ten years through the next three american preisdents our marriages kids grandkids trips back to brasil all that stuff you with me through all that kiddo you better watch your fucking shit with me son you have no idea what the fusk youre getting into obrigado 
0.9322364
fuck, fusk; 

