::: , your appearance at is not helping at all . you should steer clear of closing any discussion where a hot-button issue like rape is part of the discussion . see item #25 : no unnecessary ' clerking ' of admin areas . just stop , please .
0.23042212
your appearance at is not helping at all you should steer clear of closing any discussion where a hotbutton issue like rapl is part of the discussion see item 25 no unnecessary clerking of admin areas just stop please 
0.09547103
rape, rapl; 

stop grinning u idiot . what i said waz true thus in the public interest . not every comment has to be positive
0.846601
stop grinning u fdiot what i said waz true thus in the public interest not every comment has to be positive 
0.2492177
idiot, fdiot; 

i don't have a limited understanding . i am smart enough to realize there is a whole world beyond the basic stuff . a week is really only because the administrator is mad at me because i backed up my opinions with fact . now probably feels insecure about themselves . a week is entirely ridiculous . a week is given to people after a warning after a day or 48 hours . then if something persists a week . the type of editing i do is no different than the history here and yet they don't have some administer editor following their edits around . things are fine at wiki until you have idiots follow around your edits in the hopes of being some super hero . all the edits i do help articles . period . i expect when i start editing i will not be followed around anymore . ill just use a different page if so . my real page . this is over . i don't need a web dad nor will i have one . i haven't done anything wrong . these people here are honing the article and it does not require outside meddling . http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title hardcore_punk&action ; history they are about to work it out amongst themselves . there is not surge cross going to talk pages and generally stalking them . some editor/administrators need to grow up . period .
0.4133022
i dont have a limited understanding i am smart enough to realize there is a whole world beyond the basic stuff a week is really only because the administrator is mad at me because i backed up my opinions with fact now probably feels insecure about themselves a week is entirely ridiculous a week is given to people after a warning after a day or 48 hours then if something persists a week the type of editing i do is no different than the history here and yet they dont have some administer editor following their edits around things are fine at wiki until you have iduots follow around your edits in the hopes of being some super hero all the edits i do help articles period i expect when i start editing i will not be followed around anymore ill just use a different page if so my real page this is over i dont need a web dad nor will i have one i havent done anything wrong these people here are honing the article and it does not require outside meddling httpenwikipediaorgwindexphptitle hardcorepunkaction history they are about to work it out amongst themselves there is not surge cross going to talk pages and generally stalking them some editoradministrators need to grow up period 
0.18945421
idiots, iduots; 

http://www.nvidia.com/download/driverresults.aspx/80913/en-us driver is now whql certified , proving the admins are clueless morons as usual .
0.7445491
httpwwwnvidiacomdownloaddriverresultsaspx80913enus driver is now whql certified proving the admins are clueless worons as usual 
0.37756228
morons, worons; 

apology you blocked me once under another ip and it angered me . i was determined to take revenge . then i discovered your wife is an honest to god african prostitute with aids and i realized nothing i could do would make your life worse than it is . a married virgin , and you'll probably die a virgin . you're like the unicorn of white nights . this is gold man , thanks so much , honestly . -
0.63827324
apology you blocked me once under another ip and it angered me i was determined to take revenge then i discovered your wife is an honest to god african proscitute with aids and i realized nothing i could do would make your life worse than it is a married virgin and youll probably die a virgin youre like the unicorn of white nights this is gold man thanks so much honestly 
0.50778
prostitute, proscitute; 

you keep erasing information that's none of your business ... you quack how did you deny all the sources in the movie proving hiv is a fraud ? you are part of the problem on wikipedia . you power tripping pussy . https://sites.google.com/site/davebrodbeckcaughtonwikipedia/ you're next vquakr .
0.7803697
you keep erasing information thats none of your business you quack how did you deny all the sources in the movie proving hiv is a fraud you are part of the problem on wikipedia you power tripping pursy httpssitesgooglecomsitedavebrodbeckcaughtonwikipedia youre next vquakr 
0.5680673
pussy, pursy; 

