i have been blocked before you low-life bitch . we have dynamic ip's in india . now go suck cyphoidbomb's transgenders dick , if he has one . comment signed by jackthomas .
0.9233106
i have been blocked before you lowlife bitch we have dynamic ips in india now go sucu cyphoidbombs transgenders dick if he has one comment signed by jackthomas 
0.86294097
suck, sucu; 

well you're a liar , an outright liar , and nothing but a liar . you do cherry-pick quotations to prove your own pre-existing opinions . you're such a thick headed jack ass , you do not have enough sense to see the need for different viewpoints . all you know how to do is jump in and destroy good work without bothering to think or give consideration to anything that is contrary to your narrow minded , bigoted point of view . you're really a thick headed jack ass . you don't know how to communicate . you are incapable of understanding anything that is contrary to you narrow minded bigoted point of view . it is because of you that we have many low quality articles on wikipedia .
0.7860399
well youre a liar an outright liar and nothing but a liar you do cherrypick quotations to prove your own preexisting opinions youre such a thick headed jack as* you do not have enough sense to see the need for different viewpoints all you know how to do is jump in and destroy good work without bothering to think or give consideration to anything that is contrary to your narrow minded bigoted point of view youre really a thick headed jack asj you dont know how to communicate you are incapable of understanding anything that is contrary to you narrow minded bigoted point of view it is because of you that we have many low quality articles on wikipedia 
0.71054864
ass, as*; ass, asj; 

you must be stupid i am referencing an act people in power will do to prevent someone from saying things that will show them for who they truly are . it's not a death threat . you just want to look like a fucking victim . my god this is ridiculous .
0.9017968
you must be stupid i am referencing an act people in power will do to prevent someone from saying things that will show them for who they truly are its not a death threat you just want to look like a fucklng victim my god this is ridiculous 
0.7834621
fucking, fucklng; 

: nah ; it's ok . i have an excuse to get off my ass and put something on it now . :: i'm gonna canvass a bunch of meatpuppets to send me barnstars !
0.7277602
nah its ok i have an excuse to get off my qss and put something on it now im gonna canvass a bunch of meatpuppets to send me barnstars 
0.42322037
ass, qss; 

