, and it's mean as shit
0.8787763
and its mean as ahit 
0.05996961
shit, ahit; 

why delete the talk page archives and your user page history ? only things i can see of interest is your obsession with the pan am flight 103 article , and your general neo nazi stance . only way to tie that to anything is via joe vialls , and from him to yvonne fletcher and then to , which of course leaves us all back to you again . are you so afraid that we'll catch you out ? but nobody knows who joe vialls really is either , so we're still a long way off from finding out who you are . all we know is that you have posted on the internet as joe vialls , and that you are male . even still , the pan am flight 103 article is pretty good , so you should be congratulated on it . i am sorry that your version of yvonne fletcher didn't make it though . and who is this bernard williams guy ? is that your grandfather ? father ? i am also curious as to how you knew things that were not released to the media about rachelle waterman such as & . did you know her personally ? or were you just one of the 7,000 live journal members who were friends with her ? what is your live journal ? the joe vialls tag fits . joe vialls is apparently an american of british ancestry who currently lives in western australia . is that you ? it certainly matches your profile . do you like what joe vialls wrote on the lockerbie bombing ? or perhaps what he wrote about yvonne fletcher ? don't worry , joe , we are not trying to find out who you are . just want to know what kind of a neo nazi you are . you needn't fear joseph gutnick quite yet .
0.3216505
why delete the talk page archives and your user page history only things i can see of interest is your obsession with the pan am flight 103 article and your general neo naiz stance only way to tie that to anything is via joe vialls and from him to yvonne fletcher and then to which of course leaves us all back to you again are you so afraid that well catch you out but nobody knows who joe vialls really is either so were still a long way off from finding out who you are all we know is that you have posted on the internet as joe vialls and that you are male even still the pan am flight 103 article is pretty good so you should be congratulated on it i am sorry that your version of yvonne fletcher didnt make it though and who is this bernard williams guy is that your grandfather father i am also curious as to how you knew things that were not released to the media about rachelle waterman such as did you know her personally or were you just one of the 7000 live journal members who were friends with her what is your live journal the joe vialls tag fits joe vialls is apparently an american of british ancestry who currently lives in western australia is that you it certainly matches your profile do you like what joe vialls wrote on the lockerbie bombing or perhaps what he wrote about yvonne fletcher dont worry joe we are not trying to find out who you are just want to know what kind of a neo nzzi you are you neednt fear joseph gutnick quite yet 
0.18109962
nazi, naiz; nazi, nzzi; 

:: how about you do it ? i simply asked because i had no time , had no experience with how to handle this kind of information on wikipedia . stop being smartass if i asked why anyone hasn't already included this information even after such a long time .
0.22892267
how about you do it i simply asked because i had no time had no experience with how to handle this kind of information on wikipedia stop being smaitass if i asked why anyone hasnt already included this information even after such a long time 
0.074279785
smartass, smaitass; 

