quit your bitching , tattletale . i'm not trolling , it's all legit . watch the product .
0.7894951
quit your bitchixg tattletale im not trolling its all legit watch the product 
0.49934924
bitching, bitchixg; 

:: wouldn't fagin be the better comparison ? he lives off the poorly compensated labour of others , exploits children , is careful of his reputation and encourages theft . wales makes his living from the unpaid or poorly paid labour of others including children . is careful to encourage claims that he is the co-founder of wikipedia so that he can give lectures where he is overcompensated due to people's misunderstanding of the roles of others including fagin . and as one of those involved in last year's wikimania he was responsible for the prominent display of the stolen photograph and had himself photographed pulling a face as a way of taunting slater . fagin also consorted with murderers whilst wales consorts with murderous regimes .
0.15392417
wouldnt fagin be the better comparison he lives off the poorly compensated labour of others exploits children is careful of his reputation and encourages theft wales makes his living from the unpaid or poorly paid labour of others including children is careful to encourage claims that he is the cofounder of wikipedia so that he can give lectures where he is overcompensated due to peoples misunderstanding of the roles of others including fagin and as one of those involved in last years wikimania he was responsible for the prominent display of the stolen photograph and had himself photographed pulling a face as a way of taunting slater fagin also consorted with murderers whilst wales consorts with murderoub regimes 
0.11347982
murderous, murderoub; 

im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt . im a fat cunt .
0.95509064
im a fat cutn im a fat csunt im a fat cqnt im a fat cuntn im a fat lcunt im a fat cutn im a fat  im a fat cumt im a fat ount im a fat crunt im a fat cunk im a fat cuzt im a fat qcunt im a fat icunt im a fat ucnt im a fat cfunt im a fat cutn im a fat cjunt im a fat  im a fat uunt im a fat cuat im a fat ucnt im a fat junt im a fat  im a fat cunc im a fat cutn im a fat cjnt im a fat cuunt im a fat ucnt im a fat ucnt im a fat cuqt im a fat cupnt im a fat vcunt im a fat cuwnt im a fat cunpt im a fat cunty im a fat cunwt im a fat cutn im a fat ciunt im a fat ucnt im a fat kcunt im a fat ucnt im a fat cutn im a fat cunx im a fat junt im a fat dunt im a fat ucnt im a fat cbnt im a fat cuut im a fat cfnt im a fat cunmt im a fat cunjt im a fat cuntt im a fat  im a fat ucnt im a fat cknt 
0.9316175
cunt, cutn; cunt, csunt; cunt, cqnt; cunt, cuntn; cunt, lcunt; cunt, cutn; cunt, ; cunt, cumt; cunt, ount; cunt, crunt; cunt, cunk; cunt, cuzt; cunt, qcunt; cunt, icunt; cunt, ucnt; cunt, cfunt; cunt, cutn; cunt, cjunt; cunt, ; cunt, uunt; cunt, cuat; cunt, ucnt; cunt, junt; cunt, ; cunt, cunc; cunt, cutn; cunt, cjnt; cunt, cuunt; cunt, ucnt; cunt, ucnt; cunt, cuqt; cunt, cupnt; cunt, vcunt; cunt, cuwnt; cunt, cunpt; cunt, cunty; cunt, cunwt; cunt, cutn; cunt, ciunt; cunt, ucnt; cunt, kcunt; cunt, ucnt; cunt, cutn; cunt, cunx; cunt, junt; cunt, dunt; cunt, ucnt; cunt, cbnt; cunt, cuut; cunt, cfnt; cunt, cunmt; cunt, cunjt; cunt, cuntt; cunt, ; cunt, ucnt; cunt, cknt; 

fuck off you murdering scum !!!
0.9855076
fuqk off you murdering scum 
0.95070785
fuck, fuqk; 

