::: editors like you are what is wrong with wikipedia . what you are doing is making wikipedia worse . you are not interested in actual information , or helping people , but in enforcing the rules . it is really disgusting . what is worse is how people who want to make wikipedia better , such as providing accurate and helpful information are simply argued with and actively discouraged from participating . you say trash the place then leave but what has done is actually provide references . he doesn't have to do anything else . that is what the small-minded over-zealous editors should be doing , namely taking the actual informative content and doing their little grammar and formatting edits . that is all you are good for , so do it , do that work . stop discouraging people with actual content from participating with the threatening notes . such a tragedy of the commons .
0.23907025
editors like you are what is wrong with wikipedia what you are doing is making wikipedia worse you are not interested in actual information or helping people but in enforcing the rules it is really dfsgusting what is worse is how people who want to make wikipedia better such as providing accurate and helpful information are simply argued with and actively discouraged from participating you say trash the place then leave but what has done is actually provide references he doesnt have to do anything else that is what the smallminded overzealous editors should be doing namely taking the actual informative content and doing their little grammar and formatting edits that is all you are good for so do it do that work stop discouraging people with actual content from participating with the threatening notes such a tragedy of the commons 
0.17256759
disgusting, dfsgusting; 

removing my edits you are a fucking bastard . there was no reason to remove what i added to the great intelligence and list of doctor who villians pages . you stuck up arsehole . can you understand what this means ? i think i've simplified it enough for a dullard like you . i you still struggle to understand , i suggest you return to the yank equivalent of playgroup and restart your education . my additions were relevant . there is no reason not to include things not from the tv , doctor who is also a radio series , many novels , play etc . stop editing doctor who articles you don't know anything about the show . thick stuck-up prick .
0.81171477
removing my edits you are a fuckhng bastard there was no reason to remove what i added to the great intelligence and list of doctor who villians pages you stuck up arsehole can you understand what this means i think ive simplified it enough for a dullard like you i you still struggle to understand i suggest you return to the yank equivalent of playgroup and restart your education my additions were relevant there is no reason not to include things not from the tv doctor who is also a radio series many novels play etc stop editing doctor who articles you dont know anything about the show thick stuckup prick 
0.5911333
fucking, fuckhng; 

:::::::: you are such an ignorant piece of refuse . you cannot understand what utter crap you actually are . this is not personalization , it is fact . the fact that your tens of thousands of edits don't actually contribute to human knowledge , but detract from it . you are a farce , a peripheral character in a kafka novel . a negation on the planet . your simple negation actually negates your very existence . thank you so much for living up to the current actual potential of wikipedia as it erodes its actual value .
0.6183083
you are such an ignorant piece of refuse you cannot understand what utter cryp you actually are this is not personalization it is fact the fact that your tens of thousands of edits dont actually contribute to human knowledge but detract from it you are a farce a peripheral character in a kafka novel a negation on the planet your simple negation actually negates your very existence thank you so much for living up to the current actual potential of wikipedia as it erodes its actual value 
0.47643656
crap, cryp; 

::::: -you can mention whining and abusive behaviour all you like , but i think you know the real reason that you are spending so much time on line , and so little interacting with people offline . you pursued me , and i don't care whether you hide behind a rulebook or not . you have absolutely no understanding of literature , or the arts . unlike you , i actually work in that area . ::::: you are a bully , and have been cutting a destructive swathe across wikipedia for some while now . it is a pity that this entire website seems to be taken over by idiot savants , anal retentives and asperger's types , but there you go . quoting your beloved website : :::::: the term anal retentive ( also anally retentive ) , commonly abbreviated to anal , is used to describe a person who pays such attention to detail that the obsession becomes an annoyance to others , potentially to the detriment of the anal-retentive person . ::::: as for - you're promoted above yourself , and are clearly unfit for your role . try looking at both sides of a problem . you've screwed up this time , and should quit before you screw up other people's enjoyment of this website even more . i don't really care if i get banned by you at all , since you've got no power over me whatsoever . you need to spend more time off your computer as well and talking to people face to face . get some fresh air . -
0.5710476
you can mention whining and abusive behaviour all you like but i think you know the real reason that you are spending so much time on line and so little interacting with people offline you pursued me and i dont care whether you hide behind a rulebook or not you have absolutely no understanding of literature or the arts unlike you i actually work in that area you are a bully and have been cutting a destructive swathe across wikipedia for some while now it is a pity that this entire website seems to be taken over by mdiot savants anal retentives and aspergers types but there you go quoting your beloved website the term anal retentive also anally retentive commonly abbreviated to anal is used to describe a person who pays such attention to detail that the obsession becomes an annoyance to others potentially to the detriment of the analretentive person as for youre promoted above yourself and are clearly unfit for your role try looking at both sides of a problem youve screwed up this time and should quit before you screw up other peoples enjoyment of this website even more i dont really care if i get banned by you at all since youve got no power over me whatsoever you need to spend more time off your computer as well and talking to people face to face get some fresh air 
0.44550788
idiot, mdiot; 

1 . ) just because the hd radio website is supposedly out of date doesn't automatically mean wsff broadcasts in hd radio . i actually have an hd radio and i can tell you that wsff doesn't broadcast in hd radio . you can even contact them . 2 . ) wjjs/wjjx has dropped their rhythmic format in 2012 . it's evident by their playlist . 3 . ) the main difference between urban contemporary and urban adult contemporary is that urban ac stations tend to stay away from recent popular hip hop/rap songs . 4 . ) i don't even care about wsnv , they've been going downhill . 5 . ) in the case of my recent wvtf edit , i got information from the station's damn website !!! overall , shut the fuck up you giant prick .
0.83508337
1 just because the hd radio website is supposedly out of date doesnt automatically mean wsff broadcasts in hd radio i actually have an hd radio and i can tell you that wsff doesnt broadcast in hd radio you can even contact them 2 wjjswjjx has dropped their rhythmic format in 2012 its evident by their playlist 3 the main difference between urban contemporary and urban adult contemporary is that urban ac stations tend to stay away from recent popular hip hoprap songs 4 i dont even care about wsnv theyve been going downhill 5 in the case of my recent wvtf edit i got information from the stations damn website overall shut the fucd up you giant prick 
0.31629008
fuck, fucd; 

people like you are enemy of the peace , think wider be an honest man , not unhappy man cheers
0.20333295
people like you are inemy of the peace think wider be an honest man not unhappy man cheers 
0.15339427
enemy, inemy; 

