also , i am a complete and utter douchebag ; as evidence , i submit the simple fact that i sit on here all day with a lightbulb plug in my rectum and leave snitty comments .
0.52489024
also i am a complete and utter dduchebag as evidence i submit the simple fact that i sit on here all day with a lightbulb plug in my rectum and leave snitty comments 
0.46395448
douchebag, dduchebag; 

ohnoitsjamie . you suck . you have just proven that one would be blocked from wikipeia as soon as he was to bag an administrator . you have proven the beaurocracy that exists in this website . blocking me will do you no good . my block expires soon and rest assured i will continue to bag the usa . by the way , blocking me just made me loathe wikipedia and nothing more . i will come back with a vengeance . i have already made a membership with encyclopedia dramatica . a much more enjoyable website than the nerds who contribute to this disgusting online society .
0.7966267
ohnoitsjamie you sucn you have just proven that one would be blocked from wikipeia as soon as he was to bag an administrator you have proven the beaurocracy that exists in this website blocking me will do you no good my block expires soon and rest assured i will continue to bag the usa by the way blocking me just made me loathe wikipedia and nothing more i will come back with a vengeance i have already made a membership with encyclopedia dramatica a much more enjoyable website than the nerds who contribute to this disgusting online society 
0.6282665
suck, sucn; 

so which is , dourque ? are you a black , a woman or a hispanic ? or do asshole sons of tax cheats qualify as an under-represented minority on nascar ?
0.8412982
so which is dourque are you a black a woman or a hispanic or do rsshole sons of tax cheats qualify as an underrepresented minority on nascar 
0.57842976
asshole, rsshole; 

you are absurd . you are defending a page of narendra modi who is considered as a mass murderer . why do'nt you go to gujarat in india and talk to some people before titiling my edits as ' vandalism '
0.63967943
you are absurv you are defending a page of narendra modi who is considered as a mass murderer why dont you go to gujarat in india and talk to some people before titiling my edits as vandalism 
0.5587895
absurd, absurv; 

:::: you are so full of shit . legitimate labeling ? first of all , you aren't an admin , and for the sake of this site i hope you never will be . i know i will personally work against you if you ever decide to try for one . but i digress as you are not an administrator , and especially since you have no access to checkuser , you cannot determine who is or is not a sockpuppet nor do you have the authorization to place a tag on a userpage . as for being clear to other admins , you have been told that by placing the sockpuppet accounts on user pages , it can very little but to stir up trouble , agitating the individual you placed it on . all of this could be avoided if you would just start getting along with others , which you cannot seem to do . my apologies if that is construed as a personal attack , but it is also the truth .
0.46617156
you are so full of shvt legitimate labeling first of all you arent an admin and for the sake of this site i hope you never will be i know i will personally work against you if you ever decide to try for one but i digress as you are not an administrator and especially since you have no access to checkuser you cannot determine who is or is not a sockpuppet nor do you have the authorization to place a tag on a userpage as for being clear to other admins you have been told that by placing the sockpuppet accounts on user pages it can very little but to stir up trouble agitating the individual you placed it on all of this could be avoided if you would just start getting along with others which you cannot seem to do my apologies if that is construed as a personal attack but it is also the truth 
0.1919264
shit, shvt; 

