this just proves what a piece of shit organization this place is . admin jzg antagonizes user by calling him a cunt . then one of his friends that is also an admin . blocks the user without any proof of wp : sock so he can't defend himself , and then the other admins friends decide he should be banned indef . and he is ? the admin . who provoked the user and the admin . that banned him without any proof at all have nothing happen to them . man , it's no wonder people think wikipedia is a joke if that is how this place is run .
0.6644567
this just proves what a piece of siit organization this place is admin jzg antagonizes user by calling him a cunt then one of his friends that is also an admin blocks the user without any proof of wp sock so he cant defend himself and then the other admins friends decide he should be banned indef and he is the admin who provoked the user and the admin that banned him without any proof at all have nothing happen to them man its no wonder people think wikipedia is a joke if that is how this place is run 
0.52544826
shit, siit; 

you lying sob i don't focus on single articles or wikiprojects ; mostly i just tweak an article when i see grammar errors or glaring factual omissions . ~ kasreyn you've stalked the insane clown posse page for years now , and you constantly revert edits that often have factual basis , but violate your juggalo outlook . i'm sure you've noticed the complaints compiled directly and indirectly against your editing techniques regarding all pages relating to the band icp ; complaints originating from multiple wikipedians . ever consider stepping back , and letting unbiased editors take the reins of icp ? here's some food for thought , have you ever wondered if some of the malicious sock puppets that attack you were operated by a wikipedian admin who didn't want to lose credibility because of slander ?
0.37320927
you lying sob i dont focus on single articles or wikiprojects mostly i just tweak an article when i see grammar errors or glaring factual omissions kasreyn youve stalked the insane clown posse page for years now and you constantly revert edits that often have factual basis but violate your juggklo outlook im sure youve noticed the complaints compiled directly and indirectly against your editing techniques regarding all pages relating to the band icp complaints originating from multiple wikipedians ever consider stepping back and letting unbiased editors take the reins of icp heres some food for thought have you ever wondered if some of the malicious sock puppets that attack you were operated by a wikipedian admin who didnt want to lose credibility because of slander 
0.32326433
juggalo, juggklo; 

martin conway the desperado you are a sad little man martin conway . you don't have a penis . desperado rsvp profile
0.7106147
martin conway the desperado you are a sad little man martin conway you dont have a penij desperado rsvp profile 
0.2263946
penis, penij; 

