naughty naughty u slimy little greaseball . haha lol u got banned what a dickhead it's what u deserve u fuckin geek bitch-faced motherfucker . you don't know how long i've been waitin for u to get banned and no wonder theres so many imposters of u cause every1 hates u ! i hope you get the shit kicked out of you and then get pissed on you fuckin no good slimy little toerag gimp ! scummer !
0.98352563
naughty naughty u slimy little greaseball haha lol u got banned what a dickhead its what u deserve u fuckni geek bitchfaced motherfucker you dont know how long ive been waitin for u to get banned and no wonder theres so many imposters of u cause every1 hates u i hope you get the shit kicked out of you and then get pissed on you fucjin no good slimy little toerag gimp scummer 
0.96908486
fuckin, fuckni; fuckin, fucjin; 

help this ' historian ' now thinks that ' sanhedrin ' is closer to neturei karta than to kach . he is also seeing a fusion of kach and neturei karta , since ' both oppose the state ' . i tried to clarify it , giving some examples of the thought of nk and kach ( without naming either ) , and what is his conclusion - ' the press releases of the sanhedrin so far are more like nk ' . please , please , try to explain to him that i am right . how do you explain jewish politics to somebody with the brain of a fish ?? | ''''
0.10469919
help this historian now thinks that sanhedrin is closer to neturei karta than to kach he is also seeing a fusion of kach and neturei karta since both oppose the state i tried to clarify it giving some examples of the thought of nk and kach without naming either and what is his conclusion the press releases of the sanhedrin so far are more like nk please please try to explain to him that i am right how do you explain jewish politics to somebody with the braip of a fish 
0.08734201
brain, braip; 

got rid of ! @#$% verification tags to satisfy a certain editor who insisted on scattering useless tags all over the article challenging obvious facts i already showed him before , i've supplied references . sheesh , and i don't get any thanks for the work i do .
0.1885252
got rid of verification tags to satisfy a certain editor who insisted on scattering uselems tags all over the article challenging obvious facts i already showed him before ive supplied references sheesh and i dont get any thanks for the work i do 
0.059481043
useless, uselems; 

yeah where it says seriously ... gay thats implying what happen was gay or that the action was gay ... you would know that if you where a teen ... but your probably an adult loser ...
0.622648
yeah where it says seriously gay thats implying what happen was gay or that the action was gay you would know that if you where a teen but your probably an adult lvser 
0.33693624
loser, lvser; 

