slow-ass-i-pedia i mean really , with a site this slow , you reckon it is smart to be messing on insignificant usertalk-pages the way you do ? no wonder it slows down like you wouldn't believe .
0.67075825
slowaskipedia i mean really with a site this slow you reckon it is smart to be messing on insignificant usertalkpages the way you do no wonder it slows down like you wouldnt believe 
0.29781735
slow-ass-i-pedia, slowaskipedia; 

good to see that the masturbator of lies onanizing brainsick opinions continues to spread his freaky bullshit ! don't you think you should spend your time with more importand things like stealing a car -or better a brain ?
0.8778877
good to see that the masturbator of lies onanizing brainsick opinions continues to spread his freaky bullshiw dont you think you should spend your time with more importand things like stealing a car or better a brain 
0.6354541
bullshit, bullshiw; 

there's no such thing as pollution on a digital forum , dumbass . no one in #memes or #atheism cared about the article being vanity when it was negative . it was only until the article became a regular wikipedia article and not vanity that i heard the howl's of protests from a gang of gutless thugs who wouldn't dare raise a finger unless they were cowering behind their computer screens . your campaign is a lame attempt to delete one article . the cleaning up of wikipedia . kind of the cleaning up of germany ? i guess you're glad that clean up failed or you would have never been born . take your lame campaigns somewhere else . your mind games are boring .
0.62902105
theres no such thing as pollution on a digital forum dumjass no one in memes or atheism cared about the article being vanity when it was negative it was only until the article became a regular wikipedia article and not vanity that i heard the howls of protests from a gang of gutless thugs who wouldnt dare raise a finger unless they were cowering behind their computer screens your campaign is a lame attempt to delete one article the cleaning up of wikipedia kind of the cleaning up of germany i guess youre glad that clean up failed or you would have never been born take your lame campaigns somewhere else your mind games are boring 
0.51741403
dumbass, dumjass; 

