then you're a communist , because you are not zod like me , so you cannot have the same opinions on things as zod . boo yah .
0.502415
then youre a communibt because you are not zod like me so you cannot have the same opinions on things as zod boo yah 
0.38064855
communist, communibt; 

:: hehe , you * are * truly pathetic zereshk , as i have pointed out to you before . you know damn well that the term racism or racist comment doesn not apply in iran in the same way that it applies in countries with true racist history , such as usa and many european countries . the fact that you are using your familiarity with the english language to get a cheap winning point out of a lost game , tells us how weak and pathetic you are . in absolutely best of circumstances , you can associate turk in persian slang with ethnicity but if you really grew up in iran as you claim you did , you know damn well what it is . and especially torke tablo , which you are . given your pathetic edit history of all image and no substance i repeat , i is hard to imagine a lower and less self-respecting iranian than you . you were born to be wannabee-western and as such , iranians like you deserve to be jew-slaves .
0.6889056
hehe you are truly pathetics zereshk as i have pointed out to you before you know damn well that the term racism or racist comment doesn not apply in iran in the same way that it applies in countries with true racist history such as usa and many european countries the fact that you are using your familiarity with the english language to get a cheap winning point out of a lost game tells us how weak and patheitc you are in absolutely best of circumstances you can associate turk in persian slang with ethnicity but if you really grew up in iran as you claim you did you know damn well what it is and especially torke tablo which you are given your patvetic edit history of all image and no substance i repeat i is hard to imagine a lower and less selfrespecting iranian than you you were born to be wannabeewestern and as such iranians like you deserve to be jewslaves 
0.45793325
pathetic, pathetics; pathetic, patheitc; pathetic, patvetic; 

i didn't vandalize your user page , idiot .
0.90261114
i didnt vandalize your user page iddot 
0.483415
idiot, iddot; 

