november 2006 ( utc ) dear rev . michael s . margolin , is it bias to put controversies on the christian article ? on the muslim ? on the morman ? accept it , nowadays there is nothing that doesn't carry contriversy . if every other religion doesn't carry a contriversy , why can't yours ? - 04:11 , 20
0.13914725
november 2006 utc dear rev michael s margolin is it bias to put controversies on the christian article on the muslhm on the morman accept it nowadays there is nothing that doesnt carry contriversy if every other religion doesnt carry a contriversy why cant yours 0411 20 
0.09645936
muslim, muslhm; 

dear omni looser stop editing my crap then die
0.91764444
dear omni looser stop editing my srap then die 
0.7989838
crap, srap; 

dude , let's not be silly . i wholeheartedly doubt that black people are afraid of a mulatto uprising . i think black people are more afraid if not most afraid of not progressing due to perceived racism ( real or not ) by whites who have the real power . besides , there have been plenty of mulatto ( those people who phenotypically have kind of a beige skin color , and caucasian features ) uprisings against darker skinned people be they in north africa or western usa or south america . actually , these people whether they be mestizos , mulattos , dark caucasians are already racist towards darker skinned people , which most of the time includes black people and native indians - ie , the systemic racism is already there . there isn't going to be some sort of big bang uprising wherein mulattos start to uprise against darker skinned people or black people . the concept of black and mulatto aren't diametrically oppossed like the concepts of black and white . the worst thing that can happen is balkanization . furthermore , as white people continue to identify as white , i don't see the idea of blackness going anywhere soon .
0.23772538
dude lets not be sillj i wholeheartedly doubt that black people are afraid of a mulatto uprising i think black people are more afraid if not most afraid of not progressing due to perceived racism real or not by whites who have the real power besides there have been plenty of mulatto those people who phenotypically have kind of a beige skin color and caucasian features uprisings against darker skinned people be they in north africa or western usa or south america actually these people whether they be mestizos mulattos dark caucasians are already racist towards darker skinned people which most of the time includes black people and native indians ie the systemic racism is already there there isnt going to be some sort of big bang uprising wherein mulattos start to uprise against darker skinned people or black people the concept of black and mulatto arent diametrically oppossed like the concepts of black and white the worst thing that can happen is balkanization furthermore as white people continue to identify as white i dont see the idea of blackness going anywhere soon 
0.21963906
silly, sillj; 

