how a member of the neonazist parti could be ashame of it ? together with talks about the superior race and nietzsche prosa ? if it isn't true , why do you bother at all ?..... sophie
0.18786916
how a member of the neonazist parti could be ashjme of it together with talks about the superior race and nietzsche prosa if it isnt true why do you bother at all sophie 
0.113714345
ashame, ashjme; 

i am superfag , fagging up the internet for all to see !
0.30599228
i am superfag faggidg up the internet for all to see 
0.13337235
fagging, faggidg; 

what exactly do you mean by that ? sorry , but the purpose of the page is to let people discuss the article , and this editing style of yours is driving off everybody who was actually doing that what do you mean by this editing style of yours ? are you suggesting that i have edit anything else but my own text ? or do you mean that i musn't perform any kind of correction on my own texts ? where are your several warnings that you talk about in the other site and who are obligatory to all admin before bloking a user ? to let people discuss of what article ? what are you talking about ? this site purpose is not to discuss any article , are you completely unsane ? did you read this site entirely at any time ? you have absolutely no rights what so ever to shortened the texts of other people . it is absolutely none of your business and it isn't part of your job as an admi . i found you vendicativ and partial , and you do not have what it take to be an administrator of this site if of any other . so , get lost !!! you too vaguely know about the subject , you do not know essential texts made in original languages ( big minus ) you don't even have followed the development of the discussions on this site , you first came in a week ago , you make falsh accusations to a victim of vandalism , you deny that fact once presented with evidences of it , you reiter your error and banish that person again because of personal dislike and professionnal failure to read and interprete correctly archives contain , you consciously wrongly accuse me of having perpetrated editing functions on other people text when it is a mistake from you , you are arrogant and insulting , and you deny factual proof who incommodate you . go to hell ! and thats even too good for a crook and charlatan like you . ask georg to join you , i am sure the profiles feet . i am done at trying to square a circle or pour a quart into a pint pot , by trying to explain basical things to you . you don't have what it take to get it and it ain't going to happen sometime soon . rend mig i alfabeten ! sophie there is more style over me than you could ever dream to possess . get yourself a life !
0.5614588
what exactly do you mean by that sorry but the purpose of the page is to let people discuss the article and this editing style of yours is driving off everybody who was actually doing that what do you mean by this editing style of yours are you suggesting that i have edit anything else but my own text or do you mean that i musnt perform any kind of correction on my own texts where are your several warnings that you talk about in the other site and who are obligatory to all admin before bloking a user to let people discuss of what article what are you talking about this site purpose is not to discuss any article are you completely unsane did you read this site entirely at any time you have absolutely no rights what so ever to shortened the texts of other people it is absolutely none of your business and it isnt part of your job as an admi i found you vendicativ and partial and you do not have what it take to be an administrator of this site if of any other so get lost you too vaguely know about the subject you do not know essential texts made in original languages big minus you dont even have followed the development of the discussions on this site you first came in a week ago you make falsh accusations to a victim of vandalism you deny that fact once presented with evidences of it you reiter your error and banish that person again because of personal dislike and professionnal failure to read and interprete correctly archives contain you consciously wrongly accuse me of having perpetrated editing functions on other people text when it is a mistake from you you are arrogatt and insulting and you deny factual proof who incommodate you go to hell and thats even too good for a crook and charlatan like you ask georg to join you i am sure the profiles feet i am done at trying to square a circle or pour a quart into a pint pot by trying to explain basical things to you you dont have what it take to get it and it aint going to happen sometime soon rend mig i alfabeten sophie there is more style over me than you could ever dream to possess get yourself a life 
0.41243577
arrogant, arrogatt; 

i demand that you stop your trolling and personal attacks immediately !
0.521934
i demand that you stop your trolling and personal attacke immediately 
0.47078505
attacks, attacke; 

your stupid comments pov is a point of view . why is your pov allowed and mine not ? are you being just another abusive admin ? if so , go bite yourself in the arse !
0.9288704
your stupid comments pov is a point of view why is your pov allowed and mine not are you being just another abusive admin if so go bite yourself in the arss 
0.8629282
arse, arss; 

hey travis deleting shit isn't something to be proud of . you seem to be so proud to be part of some group called wikiproject wikipedians for decency but you sure like to determine what is deleted . get rid of that faggoty mustache .
0.7173726
hey travis deleting shtt isnt something to be proud of you seem to be so proud to be part of some group called wikiproject wikipedians for decency but you sure like to determine what is deleted get rid of that faggoty mustache 
0.2568524
shit, shtt; 

