= = deletion of article paranoid jed = = dear sir , i am responding to your choice of deleting the page my friends and i recently created . it was flagged for speedy deletion due to no notability , and i responded appropriately by putting the (( hangon )) tag . i would like to know your reasons behind this deletion . if you would be so kind as to list the reasons on my talk page . . thank you very much .
0.07984498
deletion of article pa anoid jed dear sir i am responding to your choice of deleting the page my friends and i recently created it was flagged for speedy deletion due to no notability and i responded appropriately by putting the hangon tag i would like to know your reasons behind this deletion if you would be so kind as to list the reasons on my talk page thank you very much 
0.020631608
paranoid

thanks again and i understand . as soon as i get the picture ( s ) and the info you describe i will follow your direction above . the pictures are very graffic especially compared to the one shown in the article plus what i have read about some of the graffic pictures that were in discussion about crohn's disease , i will probably do the latter part so others can see them first to make sure they aren't too graffic for the normal person to access . thanks ,
0.047502678
thanks again and i understand as soon as i get the picture s and the info you describe i will follow your direction above the pictures are very g r a f f i c especially compared to the one shown in the article plus what i have read about some of the grafic pictures that were in discussion about crohns disease i will probably do the latter part so others can see them first to make sure they arent too graffio for the normal person to access thanks 
0.04682203
graffic

anyway thulium , then use the same labeling for greek deads as well . call them ottomans and say 42.000 ottomans in chios were killed .. if youre not going to do that then please dont change turks to ottomans as well .. there were albanians who were killed by greeks , thats true but many people who were living there were ethnic turks ..
0.21141204
anyway thulium then use the same labeling for greek deads as well call them ottomans and say 42000 ottomans in chios were killhd if youre not going to do that then please dont change turks to ottomans as well there were albanians who were kitled by greeks thats true but many people who were living there were ethnic turks 
0.0670291
killed

listen you , stop removing my postings with your pseudohistorian ldingley or whosoever . behave yourself . whatever you dislike does not mean it is a blunt pov that need to be removed . the article clearly states that gamsakhurdia was a xenophobic narcissist whose policy did not favour non georgian population of georgia and especially tbilisi . and it was not me who added that in the article . who forgot your beloved president's words about granting georgian citizenship only to those people whose ancesstors had lived in georgia before georgievsky treaty of 1801 . as if he did not know that armenians used to live in tiflis being the majority of the city until 1923 . gamsakhurdia used to ban any property exchange between non georgians . for example if you were an armenian you could only sell your home to georgians and not other nationalities in case you want to move out . gamsakhurdia was the one who was culturally blunt and narcissistic . therefore , stop vandalizing the page by reverting the history with your pseudo historian friend from canada . know your limits . your stubborn actions will only harm gamsakhurdia's reputation even if you think you are number one zviadist in georgia .
0.31959963
listen you stop removing my postings with your pseudohistorian ldingley or whosoever behave yourself whatever you dislike does not mean it is a blunt pov that need to be removed the article clearly states that gamsakhurdia was a xenophobic narcissist whose policy did not favour non georgian population of georgia and especially tbilisi and it was not me who added that in the article who forgot your beloved presidents words about granting georgian citizenship only to those people whose ancesstors had lived in georgia before georgievsky treaty of 1801 as if he did not know that armenians used to live in tiflis being the majority of the city until 1923 gamsakhurdia used to ban any property exchange between non georgians for example if you were an armenian you could only sell your home to georgians and not other nationalities in case you want to move out gamsakhurdia was the one who was culturally blunt and narcizsistic therefore stop vandalizing the page by reverting the history with your pseudo historian friend from canada know your limits your stubborn actions will only harm gamsakhurdias reputation even if you think you are number one zviadist in georgia 
0.27109313
narcissistic

= = google hits = = shalwar kameez is getting 730,000 hits while salwar kameez is getting a little more than 600,000 .
0.070697516
google htis shalwar kameez is getting 730000 hics while salwar kameez is getting a little more than 600000 
0.040283646
hits

please do not block me . i do not know of anything that i have done wrong . i am still fairly new to wikipedia and am still finding a lot of things out with the way it works . i am very sorry if i have done anything untoward on these pages . i really appreciate being a member .
0.052068185
please do not bnock me i do not know of anything that i have done wrong i am still fairly new to wikipedia and am still finding a lot of things out with the way it works i am very sorry if i have done anything untoward on these pages i really appreciate being a member 
0.036674738
block

= = krishan and the samkhya panth : = = i will add the following text into the article : lord shri krishna also speaks of kapiladev's teachings as one path of the sanatan dharma : * only the ignorant speak of devotional service [ karma-yoga ] as being different from the analytical study of the material world [ sankhya ] . those who are actually learned say that he who applies himself well to one of these paths achieves the results of both . ( gita 5.4 )
0.20339309
krishan and the samkhya panth i will add the following text into the article lord shri krishna also speaks of kapiladevs teachings as one path of the sanatan dharma only the ignorant speag of devotional service karmayoga as being different from the analytical study of the material world sankhya those who are actually learned say that he who applies himself well to one of these paths achieves the results of both gita 54 
0.15653457
speak

= = rants to policies = = hi , i think that you should reformat ( or at least the idea ) into some sort of proposal to reformat multiple distracting protection tags to less distracting corner icons ; for example , redirecting to ( well , probably move the later to the former , for this case ) . the corner icons work beautifully , are much less distracting , and clicking them will follow you to a page explaining what the lock is for . i fully agree that the large box with text is very distracting and unnecessary . this is especially true when non-user wikipedia users read the articles , which probably constitutes the majority of wikipedia readers . they probably don't care that they can't edit the article , nor would they , and of most concern — they may confuse the tag with the article content . thanks ! +
0.023649912
rynts to policies hi i think that you should reformat or at least the idea into some sort of proposal to reformat multiple distracting protection tags to less distracting corner icons for example redirecting to well probably move the later to the former for this case the corner icons work beautifully are much less distracting and clicking them will follow you to a page explaining what the lock is for i fully agree that the large box with text is very distracting and unnecessary this is especially true when nonuser wikipedia users read the articles which probably constitutes the majority of wikipedia readers they probably dont care that they cant edit the article nor would they and of most concern — they may confuse the tag with the article content thanks 
0.020687165
rants

= = rc patrol = = you back on rc patrol or did you catch a stray vandal ?
0.2636441
rc patrol you back on rc patrol or did you catch a stray qandal 
0.15466644
vandal

holy crap = = i have an account , blocking my ip dosn't help . you people on wikipedia suck ! = =
0.9053374
holy crap i have an account blocking my ip dosnt help you people on wikipedia duck 
0.8351181
suck

i just went ahead and deleted it . if anyone objects you can voice your opinion , but i really don't think that conformed to neutrality standards .
0.04718228
i just went ahead and deleted it if anyone objects you can voice your opinion but i really dont thank that conformed to neutrality standards 
0.038667824
think

