= = comment = = the gnaa are among the biggest losers on the planet . their website , a collection of some of the most unfunny shit i've ever read , is an example of how to fail at life . verdict : unfunny , unoriginal , piss poor .
0.8593938
comment the gnaa are among the biggest losers on the planet their website a collection of some of the most unfunny shi  ive ever read is an example of how to fail at life verdict unfunny unoriginal piss poor 
0.7505638
shit

article length i started to get bogged down editing the article . it's good , but ... i'm wondering if it should be shortened , like you were talking about . i like a lot of the detail , but by the time i got to the influences section , i was thinking that much of that should be in the articles for each member , with maybe just a summary paragraph pointing people there in a subtle way . kinda disappointed we don't have more comments , because even though i haven't read the article too many times , it's hard to stay objective while editing . re pov , i think there's still plenty we can remove there , although i took a few pieces out this last time through . i find that whenever it starts sounding like a rolling stone article instead of an encyclopedia , i get the heebie jeebies a bit . i'll step away for a while and come back in a day or two . we also might want to consider alternate org strategies ( heading sequence , etc . ) , though my attempts to find a better sequence always come back to what you made mainly because of the rotating lead singers . the table of contents seems too convoluted though . maybe something can be done from that angle .
0.025652198
article length i started to get boggez down editing the article its good but im wondering if it should be shortened like you were talking about i like a lot of the detail but by the time i got to the influences section i was thinking that much of that should be in the articles for each member with maybe just a summary paragraph pointing people there in a subtle way kinda disappointed we dont have more comments because even though i havent read the article too many times its hard to stay objective while editing re pov i think theres still plenty we can remove there although i took a few pieces out this last time through i find that whenever it starts sounding like a rolling stone article instead of an encyclopedia i get the heebie jeebies a bit ill step away for a while and come back in a day or two we also might want to consider alternate org strategies heading sequence etc though my attempts to find a better sequence always come back to what you made mainly because of the rotating lead singers the table of contents seems too convoluted though maybe something can be done from that angle 
0.020266593
bogged

. neither am i . pants suck . they should all go to hell
0.9320461
neither am i pants srck they should all go to hell 
0.7968314
suck

= = reverting - cold war people = = pearle , i hope you don't mind my reverting your last edit . you've removed a lot of names form the category of cold war people , and rightly so , but chamoun was a key figure , if not the key figure , in the lebanon crisis of 1958 , which eisenhower of the usa blamed ( rightly or wrongly ) on communist interference . the cold war did have something to do with it , as least as regards america's decision to back chamoun by sending marines .
0.062167853
reverting cold wr people pearle i hope you dont mind my reverting your last edit youve removed a lot of names form the category of cold w a r people and rightly so but chamoun was a key figure if not the key figure in the lebanon crisis of 1958 which eisenhower of the usa blamed rightly or wrongly on communist interference the cold yar did have something to do with it as least as regards americas decision to back chamoun by sending marines 
0.05743366
war

: what we need here is a larger internet .
0.030405603
what we need here ip a larger internet 
0.023584241
is

. dear astavrou , i haven't realized that the name of the city has a greek origin . of course , this warrants the mention in the article then . however , i would put it in a second paragraph , entirely devoted to the name etymology rather than just as another name of the city in the very first sentence . something like that is done in the article kamianets-podilskyi . please feel free to do that .
0.017556211
dear astavrou i havent realized that the name of the city has a greek origin of course this warrants the mention in the article then however i would prt it in a second paragraph entirely devoted to the name etymology rather than just as another name of the city in the very first sentence something like that is done in the article kamianetspodilskyi please feel free to do that 
0.015590951
put

what ? i'm blocked again ! i've only edited my userpage since willmcw blocked me ! now i can't even do that !
0.17345755
what im blqocked again ive only edited my userpage since willmcw blocke  me now i cant even do that 
0.14095831
blocked

= = science pearls = = hi , please notice the above project . as a wikipedian interested in physics , you might be especially interested in list of publications in physics i’ll appreciate any help . thank ,
0.00930007
science eearls hi please notice the above project as a wikipedian interested in physics you might be especially interested in list of publications in physics i’ll appreciate any help thank 
0.0049075126
pearls

christianity is only mentioned three times in the article so the entire article can't have an anti-christian tone . two out of three times , the mention of christianity is in reference to christians and conservatives blaming popular culture for the massacre , which actually did occur ( so it deserves mention ) . the only bias i do notice is the mention of using cassie bernall to boast popularity for their faith despite the truth of the matter , but this can be easily changed to an npov without deleting the fact .
0.06778612
christianity is only mentioned three times in the article so the entire article cant have an antichristian tone two out of three times the mention of christianity is in reference to christians and conservatives blaming popular culture for the massasre which actually did occur so it deserves mention the only bias i do notice is the mention of using cassie bernall to boast popularity for their faith despite the truth of the matter but this can be easily changed to an npov without deleting the fact 
0.054960817
massacre

it's evident that you don't know what roma are , as you've mixed a lot of peoples that have no relationship at all with roma . please get documented before saying nonsensical assertions .
0.12255465
its evident that you dont know what roma are as youve mixed a lot of peoples that have no relationship at all with roma please get documented before saying nousensical assertions 
0.06399725
nonsensical

