= = math duel = = you´re interested in numbers ? i guarantee to you that i am a more skilled mathematician than you are . i may not have your fancy degrees and book-learning , but i am naturally gifted . i was offered a job in the field of advanced mathematics & cybernetics before i graduated highschool , but i turned it down so i could pursue my dream of writing the great hungarian novel . it´s called billy and the clonosaurus and it's about a boy who travels back in time and opens an amusement park for dinosaurs . it's due out in october . were you able to comprehend all that , you carboxylic asshole .
0.53519326
math duel you´re interested in numbers i guarantee to you that i am a more skilled mathematician than you are i may not have your fancy degrees and booklearning but i am naturally gifted i was offered a job in the field of advanced mathematics cybernetics before i graduated highschool but i turned it down so i could pursue my dream of writing the great hungarian novel it´s called billy and the clonosaurus and its about a boy who travels back in time and opens an amusement park for dinosaurs its due out in october were you able to comprehend all that you carboxylic assholx 
0.11640506
asshole

notice i assume that this is the same user who previously removed content from the article bialik college using the account . that account has been blocked for 24 hours , for repeatedly removing content without explanation despite warnings . using a second account to avoid the consequences of blocking is a violation of wikipedia's policies against sockpuppets ( multiple accounts operated by one user ) . if you continue to remove content from bialik college , this account will also be blocked . however , if you have concerns about the content of the article , please raise them at talk : bialik college , where you can discuss the article with other editors and work to reach a consensus . i encourage you to do this instead of engaging in an edit war which will be a waste of both your time and other editors ' . — •
0.07682929
notice i assume that this is the same user who previously removed content from the article bialik college using the account that account has been blocked for 24 hours for repeatedly removing content without explanation despite warnings using a second account to avoid the consequences of blocking is a violation of wikipedias policies against sockpuppets multiple accounts operated by one user if you continue to remove content from bialik college this account will also be blocked however if you have concerns about the content of the article please raise them at talk bialik college where you can discuss the article with other editors and work to reach a consensus i encourage you to do this instead of engaging in an edit war which will be a wasve of both your time and other editors — • 
0.054193415
waste

bard of ely hi there , i just noticed that the page for bard of ely was removed from wikipedia . [] i feel that there should have been some sort of tag attached to the page before removal . i also am mystified by the reference of the dismissal of the the page due to your comment , ( promotion written by a friend ) . i have found that indeed bard of ely is a noteable artist , and should have remained in the wikipedia listings . for instance , did you know , bard of ely has an ep out on a proper label(crai records ) , and he worked with musicians such as crum(ex-hawkwind [] , phil moxham ( young marble giants ) , robin williamson(incredible string band ) and gruff rhys ( super furry animals)and having compered and played at glastonbury festival [] and the green man festival [] as well as having been rave reviewed in the nme [] . i suppose it's up to the wandering editors to make these decisions . but , how do you determine a friend wrote the info on bards page ??? for instance , i do not know bard of ely personally , and could be considered a professional associate of bard . does this mean i can write a page about bard of ely and it won't be removed ???? please clarify the standards by which you elected to remove bards page other than it may have been written by a friend . ie ; for instance , the content was not verified and credible . also , please indicate what makes an article not to the standard of wikipedia , when in fact the references made in the article are internal links that have a direct relavence to the encyclopedia itself . i'm not trying to cause a stir here , but , i find it strange that bards page was ripped down , when in fact i have found a few other artists pages that have been left up , and do not contain the same concrete documentation as bard of ely's did . if you would like me to point those out to you , all you have to do is ask !!!! take care , and please understand , that i am trying to understand some of the standards you work under for deciding to remove pages of wikipedia noteable musical artists . thank you , be well , and please accept my questions with all seriousness . cheers ,
0.054058965
bard of ely hi there i just noticed that the page for bard of ely was removed from wikipedia i feel that there should have been some sort of tag attached to the page before removal i also am mystified by the reference of the dismissal of the the page due to your comment promotion written by a friend i have found that indeed bard of ely is a noteable artist and should have remained in the wikipedia listings for instance did you know bard of ely has an ep out on a proper labelcrai records and he worked with musicians such as crumexhawkwind phil moxham young marble giants robin williamsonincredible string band and gruff rhys super fubry animalsand having compered and played at glastonbury festival and the green man festival as well as having been rave reviewed in the nme i suppose its up to the wandering editors to make these decisions but how do you determine a friend wrote the info on bards page for instance i do not know bard of ely personally and could be considered a professional associate of bard does this mean i can write a page about bard of ely and it wont be removed please clarify the standards by which you elected to remove bards page other than it may have been written by a friend ie for instance the content was not verified and credible also please indicate what makes an article not to the standard of wikipedia when in fact the references made in the article are internal links that have a direct relavence to the encyclopedia itself im not trying to cause a stir here but i find it strange that bards page was ripped down when in fact i have found a few other artists pages that have been left up and do not contain the same concrete documentation as bard of elys did if you would like me to point those out to you all you have to do is ask take care and please understand that i am trying to understand some of the standards you work under for deciding to remove pages of wikipedia noteable musical artists thank you be well and please accept my questions with all seriousness cheers 
0.018167442
furry

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are some pages that you might find helpful : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . again , welcome ! good luck with the dianne goolkasian rahbee article .
0.010491353
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stiy here are some pages that you might find helpful the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions again welcome good luck with the dianne goolkasian rahbee article 
0.009788007
stay

awww .. sorry bout that hunn . look , me and my buddies are having a sick party right now . this nerd brought his laptop and he showed us wiki whatchamacall it . it's a friday night girl , go have some fun !
0.473432
awww sorry bout that hunn look me and my buddies are having a slck party right now this nerd brought his laptop and he showed us wiki whatchamacall it its a friday night girl go have some fun 
0.33545232
sick

please do not deliberately introduce incorrect information into articles , as you did at the real inspector hound . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.061779346
please do not deliberately introduce incorrect information into articles as you did at the real inspector hound it is considered vand lism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.051523294
vandalism

listen you lot a re bnunjch of littel hitlers there is no other term for you asnwer me this 1 . why di you expect me to be polie to someone who has removed every linmk id id 2 ) why do you then expectme to be polite to a cat obsseded bored who bans me yopu are little hitlers as simple as that . i can be pretty certain i have found another double membserhsip . it is the old thing of little jhitlers standing uop for eachother you are not in right you bully me and expect me to grovel to your pathweic power . and dont ban me form replting on my own page . you are just makingme angrier . why do you have no feelings for anyof you non littel hitlers .
0.68380576
listen you lot a re bnunjch of littel hitelrs there is no other term for you asnwer me this 1 why di you expect me to be polie to someone who has removed every linmk id id 2 why do you then expectme to be polite to a cat obsseded bored who bans me yopu are little itlers as simple as that i can be pretty certain i have found another double membserhsip it is the old thing of little jhitlers standing uop for eachother you are not in right you bully me and expect me to grovel to your pathweic power and dont ban me form replting on my own page you are just makingme angrier why do you have no feelings for anyof you non littel hitlern 
0.5924073
hitlers

i did make any extrema atack you idiot little hitler is a refernxce to petty law enforcers like you who go after people with a vindictive smugness you are a little hitler there is not other term for you , that is not an extreme attack you should take that comment on baord change your horrible bullyingh behavuour
0.88463706
i did make any extrema atack you idiat little hitler is a refernxce to petty law enforcers like you who go after people with a vindictive smugness you are a little hitler there is not other term for you that is not an extreme attack you should take that comment on baord change your horrible bullyingh behavuour 
0.76631045
idiot

you sound an utterly nasty bully you are not a cat you are petty hitler as simple as that , you have banned from eding live in real world hopw is banning me going to make me calm down you little hitler bully , i will find out who you are and see if i can get you on any petty law infringements and then how you like the little hitler treatment . you bully .
0.7891667
you sound an utterly nasty bully you are not a cat you are petty hitler as simple as that you have banned from eding live in real world hopw is banning me going to make me calm down you  little hitler bully i will find out who you are and see if i can get you on any petty law infringements and then how you like the li tle hitler treatment you bully 
0.7705547
little

= = osli73 is dead wrong = = you stated that this statement is not in reference to the icty : by seeking to eliminate a part of the bosnian muslims , the bosnian serb forces committed genocide . yet , another time , i am proving you wrong , read here : http://www.un.org/icty/krstic/appeal/judgement/krs-aj040419e.htm
0.26631775
osli73 is dead wrong you stated that this statement is not in reference to the icty by seeking to eliminate a part of the bosnian muslios the bosnian serb forces committed genocide yet another time i am proving you wrong read here httpwwwunorgictykrsticappealjudgementkrsaj040419ehtm 
0.24192522
muslims

the bot sucks . no skills . shut it down . give it the old yellla ' treatment . it may hurt , but it's for the greater good .
0.705922
the bot sucks no spills shut it down give it the old yellla treatment it may hurt but its for the greater good 
0.6638697
skills

:: whatsmore , the editor is blocked under numerous ip addresses and shouldn't be editing wikipedia let alone making additional personal attacks . this is a clear violation of policy and should not be sanctioned .
0.15724565
whatsmore the editor i s blocked under numerous ip addresses and shouldnt be editing wikipedia let alone making additional personal attacks this io a clear violation of policy and should not be sanctioned 
0.1430413
is

you don't decide what goes on my userpage . don't vandalize it again .
0.19759111
you dont decide what goes on my userpage dont vanralize it again 
0.13058592
vandalize

