and i dont deny that people suffered greatly . but i also beleive that people have told wild lies and made a great deal of money , like speilberg .
0.11699177
and i dont deny that people suffered greatly but i also beleive that people have told wild liex and made a great deal of money like speilberg 
0.053237494
lies

it is a watch that i own ! if i want to post a pic of it i will . take a look at the second pic on my page and shut it . thenatureboy
0.3913738
it is a watch that i own if i want to post a p i c of it i will take a look at the second pjc on my page and shut it thenatureboy 
0.35620233
pic

welcome , ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! i'm , one of the thousands of editors here at wikipedia , and i certainly do i hope you like it here and decide to stay . here are a few good links for newcomers : : the five pillars of wikipedia : how to edit a page : help pages : tutorial : how to write a great article : manual of style : fun stuff ... here are a few thoughts that i think will help you on your way ... * don't worry too much about being perfect very few of us are ! if you want a fast way to learn how to avoid the little faux-pas around here , we have a page called avoiding common mistakes that will give you a head start . * need more help ? check out wikipedia : where to ask a question , first . if that's not helpful enough , you can go to my '''' and click the + button next to edit to ask me a question . or , you can type {{ helpme }} here on your '' talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . * whenever you're using a talk page , don't forget to sign your name using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . it helps us keep track of who is saying what ! * looking for something to do ? click random page on your sidebar ( on the left ) . or , check out the open tasks list . * before you do anything else , be sure to tell us about ! feel free to drop me a line on my as well i like getting new messages just as much as anyone else . * wherever you go , remember : be bold ! i hope i have not overwhelmed you with information . again , welcome and enjoy being a wikipedian !
0.037598696
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia im one of the thousands of editors here at wikipedia and i certainly do i hope you like it here and decide to stay here are a few good links for newcomers the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style fun stuff here are a few thoughts that i think will help you on your way dont worry too much about being perfect very few of us are if you want a fast way to learn how to avoid the little fauxpas around here we have a page called avoiding common mistakes that will give you a hpad start need more help check out wikipedia where to ask a question first if thats not helpful enough you can go to my and click the button next to edit to ask me a question or you can type helpme here on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions whenever youre using a talk page dont forget to sign your name using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date it helps us keep track of who is saying what looking for something to do click random page on your sidebar on the left or check out the open tasks list before you do anything else be sure to tell us about feel free to drop me a line on my as well i like getting new messages just as much as anyone else wherever you go remember be bold i hope i have not overwhelmed you with information again welcome and enjoy being a wikipedian 
0.027275722
head

= = economic policies neutral ? = = i wonder about the neutrality of the statement republicans strongly supported the welfare reform of 1996 , which limited eligibility for welfare and led to many former welfare recipients finding jobs . is there a reference that can back this statement ? otherwise it sounds biased to me and would need to be revised .
0.023667077
economic policies neutral i wonder about the neutrality of the statement repubficans strongly supported the welfare reform of 1996 which limited eligibility for welfare and led to many former welfare recipients finding jobs is there a reference that can back this statement otherwise it sounds biased to me and would need to be revised 
0.01162617
republicans

please do not add nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you . —
0.10346345
please do not add nonsemse to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you — 
0.046404585
nonsense

::: our procedures and processes are not infallible and are susceptible to misuse too ( sometimes ) . i have seen one of my friends charged and indefinitely blocked ( after hardly 10 or 12 innocent and normal edits ) as that administrator suspected that user to be a sockpuppet of a particular user already blocked : i learnt that some administrators are astrologers too ! i have repeatedly told this incidence several times , and this proved to me a point : our system is subjective in many cases rather most of the cases . had that user been not so blocked , he/she would have proved at least ten times more productive than users like me . having experienced this and having said this , i should surely feel an attachment to wikipedia to be fooling around ! perhaps there are many amongst us who do not want wikipedia to emerge as the best encyclopedia as its emergence would threaten many established encyclopedias . naturally , such elements amongst us shall always try to drive away the good and reliable editors , at least they shall try to annoy them to reduce their productivity . however , this should not be a cause for despondency and disappointment as i had found that good editors would survive in the long run . at the same time , you should also understand that the indian nation has remained a subjugated nation for more than 1000 years , and any resurgence of indian national pride attracts attention , mostly adverse , and people may try to defame this national pride by connoting various names to it like hindu fundamentalism , hindutva and so on . some had even gone to the extent of comparing this resurgence with national socialism to gain confidence of certain social groups ! in case , i feel like giving any input in the said wp : rfar , i would surely do - however , i am not sure of myself to be useful in such serious affairs of wikipedia as i am a simple editor to take part in serious business of wikipedia . i thank you for your message . regards .
0.047224507
our procedures and processes are not infallible and are susceptible to misuse too sometimes i have seen one of my friends charged and indefinitely blocked after hardly 10 or 12 innocent and normal edits as that administrator suspected that user to be a sockpuipet of a particular user already blocked i learnt that some administrators are astrologers too i have repeatedly told this incidence several times and this proved to me a point our system is subjective in many cases rather most of the cases had that user been not so blocked heshe would have proved at least ten times more productive than users like me having experienced this and having said this i should surely feel an attachment to wikipedia to be fooling around perhaps there are many amongst us who do not want wikipedia to emerge as the best encyclopedia as its emergence would threaten many established encyclopedias naturally such elements amongst us shall always try to drive away the good and reliable editors at least they shall try to annoy them to reduce their productivity however this should not be a cause for despondency and disappointment as i had found that good editors would survive in the long run at the same time you should also understand that the indian nation has remained a subjugated nation for more than 1000 years and any resurgence of indian national pride attracts attention mostly adverse and people may try to defame this national pride by connoting various names to it like hindu fundamentalism hindutva and so on some had even gone to the extent of comparing this resurgence with national socialism to gain confidence of certain social groups in case i feel like giving any input in the said wp rfar i would surely do however i am not sure of myself to be useful in such serious affairs of wikipedia as i am a simple editor to take part in serious business of wikipedia i thank you for your message regards 
0.03459756
sockpuppet

fashionista section should stay because her part of her success lies on her public image or persona . please read the article out there on her own which i posted below if you want to see citations/source .
0.091967136
fashionista section should stay because her part of her success liew on her public image or persona please read the article out there on her own which i posted below if you want to see citationssource 
0.046857093
lies

sabata's counterattack vs . sabata's revenge . [*] sabata's counterattack was the english name used by kojima productions on their japanese webpage . please don't change the title of the game .
0.039774492
sabatas counterattack vs sabatas revengd sabatas counterattack was the english name used by kojima productions on their japanese webpage please dont change the title of the game 
0.019987721
revenge

