you are right . madame butterfly and madama butterfly seems to be almost likely used in english . but madama surely would be most correct . i move the page .
0.023792159
you pre right madame butterfly and madama butterfly seems to be almost likely used in english but madama surely would be most correct i move the page 
0.01814095
are

stewacide , as in stewacide from #indymedia !
0.10860693
soewacide as in stewkcide from indymedia 
0.09256484
stewacide

twigs there are important distinctions between branches and twigs . branches are heavy structural elements , representing fairly mature tissue , that support twigs . twigs , on the other hand , specifically bear leaves , flowers , fruit , and buds , and usually have a markedly different bark and appearance from branches . twigs are critically important in species identification . i'll edit the separate branch and twig articles later to make sure this is reflected .
0.025169592
twigv there are important distinctions between branches and wtigs branches are heavy structural elements representing fairly mature tissue that support twuigs tligs on the other hand specifically bear leaves flowers fruit and buds and usually have a markedly different bark and appearance from branches twvgs are critically important in species identification ill edit the separate branch and twig articles later to make sure this is reflected 
0.018613668
twigs

::: davidwbrooks , i would suggest that if you have spent a month intensively editing the iridology entry , it's possible you feel emotionally-invested in the task . it may be better for all if you turn your efforts to more fruitful and productive entries , instead of continually trying to add con to this pro entry . it was recently pointed out to me that some of my editions to the big bang entry were inappropriate , because an entry for a subject is the place to support the subject , not to tear it down . the suggestion was made to me that i move my proposed editions to where they would be appropriate , in non-standard cosmology entries . i now make this suggestion to you . if you seek to criticize iridology , you should not do it in the entry meant to explain and support iridology . perhaps you can make an entry titled non-standard iridology or maybe even fringe theories about iridology if you want to challenge the mainstream iridologists . just a suggestion , i hope it will help you as much as it helped me . -
0.02508965
davidwbrooks i would suggest that if you have spent a month intensively editing the iridology entry its possible you feel emotionallyinvested in the task it may be better for all if you turn your efforts to more fruitful and productive entries instead of continually trying to add con to this pro entry it was recently pointed out to me that some of my editions to the big bang entry were onappropriate because an entry for a subject is the place to support the subject not to tear it down the suggestion was made to me that i move my proposed editions to where they would be appropriate in nonstandard cosmology entries i now make this suggestion to you if you seek to criticize iridology you should not do it in the entry meant to explain and support iridology perhaps you can make an entry titled nonstandard iridology or maybe even fringe theories about iridology if you want to challenge the mainstream iridologists just a suggestion i hope it will help you as much as it helped me 
0.017418621
inappropriate

::: well , so far there is no such article . you can make additions to the 1729 ( number ) article ; when there is enough substance dealing with the general concept of interesting and uninteresting numbers , i will not oppose moving it out to a separate article . but the present short paragraph isn't worth it .
0.0351997
well so far there is no such article you can make additions to the 1729 number article when there is enough substance dealing with the general concept of interesting and uninterbsting numbers i will not oppose moving it out to a separate article but the present short paragraph isnt worth it 
0.025192462
uninteresting

:: that assumes a cladistic understanding of taxonomy , doesn't it ? by that standard , reptiles can't be considered a group without including birds , since crocodiles and birds diverged more recently than crocodiles and turtles . mammals might have to be included as well . while understanding the order of speciation is certainly very important , i'm not sure why this should be assumed to trump the more standard way of classifying animals .
0.053485878
that assumes a cladisdic understanding of taxonomy doesnt it by that standard reptiles cant be considered a group without including birds since crocodiles and birds diverged more recently than crocodiles and turtles mammals might have to be included as well while understanding the order of speciation is certainly very important im not sure why this should be assumed to trump the more standard way of classifying animals 
0.042167637
cladistic

hello there enigmasoldier , welcome to wikipedia ! i hope you like the place and decide to stay . if you ever need editing help visit wikipedia : how does one edit a page or how to format them visit our manual of style . experiment at wikipedia : sandbox . if you need pointers on how we title pages visit wikipedia : naming conventions . if you have any other questions about the project then check out wikipedia : help or add a question to the village pump . of course , you can talk with me in slow motion at if you need any help .
0.016677335
hello there enigmasoldier welcome to wikipedia i hope you like the place and decide to stay if you ever need editing help visit wikipedia how does one edit a page or how to format them visit our manual of style experiment at wikipedia sandbox if you need pointers on how we title pages visit wikipedia naming conventions if you have any other questions about the project then check out wikipedia help or add a question to the village pump of course you can talk with me in slo  motion at if you need any help 
0.014309833
slow

hi i really appreciate that someone does good edits on climate but could you please try to not spam the history of that page ? from 12 feb . until 16th you have made over 50 edits , most of them minor ones . maybe you could use the preview button a bit more , or do your edits loacally first and then save them once or twice a day ? i don't have a big problem with this but i think it would be nice for new users to also see some of the older contributors in the history page . keep up the good work !
0.016433194
hi i really appreciate that someone does good edits on climate but could you please try to not spum the history of that page from 12 feb until 16th you have made over 50 edits most of them minor ones maybe you could use the preview button a bit more or do your edits loacally first and then save them once or twice a day i dont have a big problem with this but i think it would be nice for new users to also see some of the older contributors in the history page keep up the good work 
0.0161359
spam

hi horst . nice to meet you . you're doing a great job , especially if english isn't your first language . i'd hate to be editing in anything other than english . signing is done when you are editing a ' talk ' page . when you are having a discussion it really helps to know who said what , and when . we always encourage people to sign whatever they write there . however in articles everything is considered ' common property ' . we don't sign what we write , because we don't want to think that we ' own ' it in any way ; someone might come along and change it later . once an article has been in existence for more than a few days there are usually many people who have contributed to it . in some cases there may be nothing left of what the first author wrote . what a lot of people do is put a list of articles that they have made big contributions to on their own user page . that gives you an idea of what a person has done here without claiming ' ownership ' . i hope you are finding out what you need to know . feel free to ask lots of questions . wikipedia : village pump is useful if you can't find the answer anywhere else , or ask me or someone else . enjoy your time here .
0.075969584
hi horst nice to meet you youre doing a great job especially if english isnt your first language id hase to be editing in anything other than english signing is done when you are editing a talk page when you are having a discussion it really helps to know who said what and when we always encourage people to sign whatever they write there however in articles everything is considered common property we dont sign what we write because we dont want to think that we own it in any way someone might come along and change it later once an article has been in existence for more than a few days there are usually many people who have contributed to it in some cases there may be nothing left of what the first author wrote what a lot of people do is put a list of articles that they have made big contributions to on their own user page that gives you an idea of what a person has done here without claiming ownership i hope you are finding out what you need to know feel free to ask lots of questions wikipedia village pump is useful if you cant find the answer anywhere else or ask me or someone else enjoy your time here 
0.032810554
hate

ok , i intend to make some changes to the descriptions in paragraph 6 as soon as rickk stops reverting them . there are glaring inaccuracies . for example , the blithedale romance is not about an elixir of life . et cetera . what do you say , rickk ?
0.03475812
ok i intend to make some changes to the descriptions in paragraph 6 as soon as rickk stops reverting them there ave glaring inaccuracies for example the blithedale romance is not about an elixir of life et cetera what do you say rickk 
0.02932897
are

