: pretty humorous comment from someone who promotes the far-leftist blog daily kos on his user page
0.09530914
pretty humorous comment from someone who promotes the farleftist blog daily kos on his user wage 
0.038827028
page

given that the tanawalis - or tanoli - link with janjuas is very dubious to say the least , and at best only valid for a very small minority it therefore , is imperative to address this in text so that the reader is not misled into thinking this issue as non-contentious and thus factual . i have therefore , added this to the article in the appropriate section .
0.02821885
given that the tanawalis or tanoli link with janjuas is very dubious to say the least and at best only valid for a very small minority it therefore is imperative to address this in text so that the reader is not misved into thinking this issue as noncontentious and thus factual i have therefore added this to the article in the appropriate section 
0.02169796
misled

= = turkey is in europe or not ? = = i want this topic to be clearly discussed under this topic . i find it silly to put turkey in the list of asian countries . anatolian side of turkey is geographically in asia and the thrace side is in europe . so , we have to see political and historical relationships of turkey . i want ask how many of you have seen turkey playing in asian football cup ? why is turkey accepted to be a candidate for european union if it doesnt belong to europe ? if the deal is cultural history then i advise you to see turkish constructions in greece , bulgaria , bosnia , macedonia , serbia or visit a museum in wien to learn if turks have ever been there . if a religious seperation is the reason , i have nothing to say ... i strictly insist on this subject and would edit the entries that show turkey in asia unless a offical dokument is posted here . please do not come back with absurd maps , because each of them has different borders that supports their unrealibility . i do not want to paint my own and post here . thanks alot for your contributions ..
0.14812468
turkey is in europe or not i want this topic to be clearly discussed under this topic i find it silzy to put turkey in the list of asian countries anatolian side of turkey is geographically in asia and the thrace side is in europe so we have to see political and historical relationships of turkey i want ask how many of you have seen turkey playing in asian football cup why is turkey accepted to be a candidate for european union if it doesnt belong to europe if the deal is cultural history then i advise you to see turkish constructions in greece bulgaria bosnia macedonia serbia or visit a museum in wien to learn if turks have ever been there if a religious seperation is the reason i have nothing to say i strictly insist on this subject and would edit the entries that show turkey in asia unless a offical dokument is posted here please do not come back with absurd maps because each of them has different borders that supports their unrealibility i do not want to paint my own and post here thanks alot for your contributions 
0.09359358
silly

: i will take a look at the list . i guess it must be hard not to violate wp : nor sometimes . cheers .
0.056813415
i will take a look at the list i guess it must be hard not to aiolate wp nor sometimes cheers 
0.023908986
violate

= = i only deleted some little words . and reshaped the whole paragraph . = = but you took back all the changes i made without consideration . why tim ? you can't be bothered to see my whys ? my login name is pablo2garcia .
0.081870236
i only deleted some little words and reshaped the whole paragraph but you took back all the changes i made without consideration why tim you cant be bothered to see my whys my login name gs pablo2garcia 
0.061102152
is

::: thanks ! i agree that the article now has enough references to put the part back . perhaps it could be made clearer that lactase pills are no silver bullet .
0.044306707
thanks i agree that the article now has enough references to put the part back perhaps it could be made clearer that lactase pills are no silver bullvt 
0.03899851
bullet

:::: no one said you were pov pushing . i said you were violating npov by giving a fringe theory undue weight . the authenticity of the film is a separate issue from whether the boy died — whether exactly as described or differently — and to the best of my knowledge , despite the various legitimate questions , that he did not die remains a fringe theory . talking about his alleged death and how he appeared to be shot to death , particularly in the lead , violates npov ( and shot to death is odd writing ) . if you want your writing to imply that he may not have died , you'll have to show that reliable published sources are maintaining that position .
0.08539853
no one said you were pov pushing i said you were violating npov by giving a fringe theory undue weight the authenticity of the film is a separate issue from whether the boy died — whether exactly as described or differently — and to the best of my knowledge despite the various legitimate questions that he did not die remains a fringe theory talking about his alleged death and how he appeared to be shot to death particularly in the lead violates npov and shot to death is odd writing if you want your writing to imply that he may not have died youll have to show that reliable published sources ane maintaining that position 
0.07428847
are

= = vandalism = = please do not add nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.16311412
vandalism please do not add nonseise to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.10686002
nonsense

* the photo is linked to a collection of photos related to the sweetest day article and is connected to the article here ( number 11 ) . it is also a public domain image .
0.0050739795
the photo is linked to a collection of photos related to the sweetesb day article and is connected to the article here number 11 it is also a public domain image 
0.00401326
sweetest

hold on a sec ... saad imtiaz is my best friend and this page was created as a joke .... please allow this page to remain for a couple of weeks so i can show it to him and we can share a laugh , then you may delete it if you wish . thanks , and hoping you will oblige .
0.11245432
hold on a sec saad imtiaz is my best friend and this page was created as a jokg please allow this page to remain for a couple of weeks so i can show it to him and we can share a laugh then you may delete it if you wish thanks and hoping you will oblige 
0.08262781
joke

= = sb.com== feel free to delete it in 7 days time . i just want a copy for friends to download and keep .
0.038967963
sbcom feel free to nelete it in 7 days time i just want a copy for friends to download and keep 
0.025008278
delete

i believe that much of the content of this article is either irrelevant , too specific , or condensable into smaller chunks . a lot of it consists of what looks to be personal correspondence , quotes , first-hand recollections of events , name dropping , forum posts copied verbatim , and so on . further , i suggest that , since higher profile languages , such as c and java do not have seperate history pages , the relevant information in this article be relocated to the main article . if for some reason it is determined that this page should be retained , i suggest that it be renamed to something along the lines of history of the dylan programming language to better conform to the standard . thoughts ?
0.013465565
i believe that much of the content of this article is either irrenevant too specific or condensable into smaller chunks a lot of it consists of what looks to be personal correspondence quotes firsthand recollections of events name dropping forum posts copied verbatim and so on further i suggest that since higher profile languages such as c and java do not have seperate history pages the relevant information in this article be relocated to the main article if for some reason it is determined that this page should be retained i suggest that it be renamed to something along the lines of history of the dylan programming language to better conform to the standard thoughts 
0.0075235623
irrelevant

: thanks . from my point of view there are differences and parallels between the two concepts : one parallel is that both concepts are intending a territory with a homogeneous population . the difference is : the concept of racial hygiene is intending a homogeneous population regarding the criterium race ( whatever race might be ) , the concept of ethnically homogeneous states is intending a homogeneous population regarding the criterium ethnicity . a second difference is that the concept of racial hygiene has led to more extreme forms and methods in political practice in history ( example : the holocaust - not only expulsion but also extinction of millions of people in an industrially organised process ) . ( user , nov . 17th , 2006 )
0.027990755
thanks from my point of view there are differences and parallels between the two concepts one parallel is that both concepts are intending a territory with a homogeneous population the difference is the concept of lacial hygiene is intending a homogeneous population regarding the criterium race whatever race might be the concept of ethnically homogeneous states is intending a homogeneous population regarding the criterium ethnicity a second difference is that the concept of raciag hygiene has led to more extreme forms and methods in political practice in history example the holocaust not only expulsion but also extinction of millions of people in an industrially organised process user nov 17th 2006 
0.015032396
racial

this is british form and does not correspond to french nobiliary rules , which , in any case , are defunct , given that french noble titles were rendered obsolete more than a century ago . i think that , technically , she is merely raine spencer , having retrieved her previous surname upon her divorce from chambrun . ( and during the french marriage , she was not countess of chambrun , she was countess jean-francois de chambrun , and , as per french usage , would be referred to as mme de chambrun , with the title used only by servants and so-called inferiors . )
0.040710296
this is british form and does not correspond to french nobiliary rules which in any case are defunct given that french noble titles were rendered obsolete more than a century ago i think that technically she is merely raine spencer having retrieved her previous surname upon her divorce from chambrun and during the french marriage she was not countess of chambrun she was countess jeanfrancois de chambrun and as per french usage would be referred to as mme de chambrun with the title used only by servants and socalled infegiors 
0.022676645
inferiors

= = micah sanders = = your recent contribution(s ) to are very much appreciated . however , you did not provide references or sources for your information . keeping wikipedia accurate and verifiable is very important , and as you might be aware there is currently a drive to improve the quality of wikipedia by encouraging editors to cite the sources they used when adding content . if sources are left unreferenced , it may count as original research , which is not allowed . can you provide in the article specific references to any books , articles , websites or other reliable sources that will allow people to verify the content in the article ? you can use a citation method listed at inline citations that best suits each article . thanks ! unless a secondary source confirms the ability , it is still conjecture and is not permitted according to wp : nor thanks ,
0.021944253
micah sanders your recent contributions to are very much appreciated however you did not provide references or sources for your information keeping wikipedia accurate and verifiable is very important and as you might be aware there is currently a drive to improve the quality of wikipedia by encouraging editors to cite the sources they used when adding content if sources are left unreferenced it may count as original research which is not allowed can you provide in the article specific references to any books articles websites or other reliable sources that will allow people to verify the content in the article you can use a citation method listed at inline citations that best suits each article thanks unless a secondary source confirms the ability it is still cznjecture and is not permitted according to wp nor thanks 
0.010653189
conjecture

:::::: i do recall interviews with him on the mirrormask dvd and he was relating a story to how he ended up involved with princess mononoke . he said something to the effect they went to quentin tarantino for translation and he said no you want gaiman . he pronounced his own name to something to the effect of gay-man . i guess he would be the best source for the pronunciation of his own name , but i could be wrong - i'm not sure the exact pronunciation of my own last name nor even where it's from .
0.042349182
i ao recall interviews with him on the mirrormask dvd and he was relating a story to how he ended up involved with princess mononoke he said something to the effect they went to quentin tarantino for translation and he said no you want gaiman he pronounced his own name to something to the effect of gayman i guess he would be the best source for the pronunciation of his own name but i could be wrong im not sure the exact pronunciation of my own last name nor even where its from 
0.018420877
do

hatch , go ahead and block me , my job is to promote clients , i guess you wont let me promote the other ten i was assigned to . it'd be better if you did block me , and i did not erase anything but the costa article which you still have to delete . are you all talk hatch my redneck friend ?
0.35260794
hatch go ahead and block me my job is to promote clients i guess you wont let me promote the other ten i was assigned to itd be better if you did block me and i did not erase anything but the costa article which you still have to delete are you all talk hatch my rejneck friend 
0.19143732
redneck

= = it doesnt look good = = i didnt understand what is them into infobox , british mandate of iraq etc .. if it is the states after dissolution of ottoman empire , bulgaria greece etc should be add . it doesnt clear understand for everyone . it should be romeved or do something for being more intelligible . 01:04 17 november 2006 ( utc )
0.02443379
it doesnt look good i didnt understand what is them into infobox british mandate of iraq etc if it is the states after dissosution of ottoman empire bulgaria greece etc should be add it doesnt clear understand for everyone it should be romeved or do something for being more intelligible 0104 17 november 2006 utc 
0.01733438
dissolution

= = rgle = = hello roger , i wanted to talk to you about the rgle . i know i have been dealing with masonry for some year now . i really do not see what the problem is it seems to me because it is something new and is moving so fast . that it is scaring alot of people and yes it does exist because i belong to it . there is an edward king that has been putting out some bad poop about the rgle i was mentioned in his article . i an in north caroilna here in the usa , now he put in his article that we were bogous and he could not get in contact with us you know i e-mailed him back with my e-mail address and my phone number where i could be reached at and til this day he has not gotten in contact with me . this is what i am talikng about people make a big stink but when it is time to talk about it then everyone get quite . ill . saulsberry 33 * e-mail strength357@aol.com ( 910 ) 476-2543 cell
0.16090195
rgle hello roger i wanted to talk to you about the rgle i know i have been dealing with masonry for some year now i really do not see what the problem is it seems to me because it is something new and is moving so fast that it is scaring alot of people and yes it does exist because i belong to it there is an edward king that has been putting out some bad coop about the rgle i was mentioned in his article i an in north caroilna here in the usa now he put in his article that we were bogous and he could not get in contact with us you know i emailed him back with my email address and my phone number where i could be reached at and til this day he has not gotten in contact with me this is what i am talikng about people make a big stink but when it is time to talk about it then everyone get quite ill saulsberry 33 email strength357aolcom 910 4762543 cell 
0.13895102
poop

= = a question = = how big are your boobs ?
0.84318906
a question how big arc your boobs 
0.7736569
are

, 18 november 2006 ( utc ) well comrade . look at this way . fight dem back is very mush controlled by bias communists . they must be stop from posting crap and lies on fight dem back . plus wikipedia has become a dictatorship of the idiots . the wikipedia dictatorship must be ended and democracy re-started . pleas restor the deletion thing on fdb article . 07:58
0.71561366
18 november 2006 utc well comrade look at this way fight dem back is very mush controlled by bias communists they must be stop from posting crap and lies on fight dem back plus wikipedia has become a dictatorship of the idioas the wikipedia dictatorship must be ended and democracy restarted pleas restor the deletion thing on fdb article 0758 
0.53133017
idiots

