:: ignore that last comment , i wrote it before i read your second comment -p
0.08024632
ignoqe that last comment i wrote it before i read your second comment p 
0.06770033
ignore

this is the discussion page for an anonymous user who has not created an account yet or who does not use it . we therefore have to use the numerical ip address to identify him/her . such an ip address can be shared by several users . if you are an anonymous user and feel that irrelevant comments have been directed at you , please create an account or log in to avoid future confusion with other anonymous users .
0.038529743
this is the discussion page for an anonymous user who has not created an account yet or who does not use it we therefore have to use the numerical ip address to identify himher such an ip address can be shared by several users if you are an anonymous user and feel that irrelevavt comments have been directed at you please create an account or log in to avoid future confusion with other anonymous users 
0.028051853
irrelevant

( utc ) : by the way , the amount of energy the earth receives from the sun is not related to its surface area ; it's proportional to the solid angle it cuts out of the sphere of radiating energy from the sun . even when you calculate energy per square meter of the earth's surface , what you're really doing is determining the solid angle formed by an ideal square meter of surface with the sun in a specific position in the sky and distance from the earth . none of these quantities can be considered precise or constant enough to worry about fractal scales . 13:51 , 10 jun 2004
0.009371159
utc by the way the amount of energy the earth receives from the sun is not related to its surface area its proportional to the solid angle it cuts out of the sphere of radiating energy from the sun even when you calculate energy per square meter of the earths surface what youre really doing is determining the solid angle formed by an ideal square meter of surface with the sun in a specific position in the sky and distance from the earth noee of these quantities can be considered precise or constant enough to worry about fractal scales 1351 10 jun 2004 
0.0067090727
none

i saw your edit to elf's talk page on recent changes ; the edit comment looked somewhat distressed . ) take heart though , it's almost impossible to mess up anything permanently here , the system's designed to absorb it . - |
0.08730543
i saw your edit to elfs talk page on recent changes the edit comment looked somewhat distressed take heart though its almost impossible to mesb up anything permanently here the systems designed to absorb it 
0.030033309
mess

= = revisions to current article = = this article is too long according to wiki regulations ( one more reason to limit the amount of anarcho-capitalist info ) . as part of a solution to this , could examples of ' successful ' anarchies be moved to its own page ?
0.028009377
revisions to current article this article is too long according to wikd regulations one more reason to limit the amount of anarchocapitalist info as part of a solution to this could examples of successful anarchies be moved to its own page 
0.0142426295
wiki

today i made a change to some of the wording in this section , based on the notion that a right is inherent/inalienable and is thus not something which can be conferred , rather only acknowledged and protected , at least when talking about law , social contracts and a political candidate's position in regard to such matters . in particular , phrases like kerry wants to grant rights to homosexuals ( which i removed altogether ) i find to be somewhat sub-npov . the position of the glbt community is not unlike that of women and minorities in previous eras : that they have rights that are not being recognized or equally protected . i suppose a truly neutral phrasing would acknowledge that some people feel that such rights do not exist and thus do not deserve broad legal protections or social recognition . i opted to just remove the most contentious phrase , which was redundant anyway , and to add qualifiers to another phrase to reflect the jeffersonian pov w.r.t. inalienable rights .
0.040081486
today i made a change to some of the wording in this section based on the notion that a right is inherentinalienable and is thus not something which can be conferred rather only acknowledged and protected at least when talking about law social contracts and a political candidates position in regard to such matters in particular phrases like kerry wants to grant rights to homosexuwls which i removed altogether i find to be somewhat subnpov the position of the glbt community is not unlike that of women and minorities in previous eras that they have rights that are not being recognized or equally protected i suppose a truly neutral phrasing would acknowledge that some people feel that such rights do not exist and thus do not deserve broad legal protections or social recognition i opted to just remove the most contentious phrase which was redundant anyway and to add qualifiers to another phrase to reflect the jeffersonian pov wrt inalienable rights 
0.017425414
homosexuals

:: i agree . i just think that we can give a sample of what comes below , by what comes at top . this might in the end only have 2 parts , like with terrorism article . i think this ordered approach has worked well , for the definition of controversial , multifaceted , misnomeric terms . ps . if i have time , i should like to merge our discussions into an ordered tier , if that would be helpful . -
0.038399808
i agree i just think that we can give a sample of what comes below by what comes at top this might in the end only have 2 parts like with terrtrism article i think this ordered approach has worked well for the definition of controversial multifaceted misnomeric terms ps if i have time i should like to merge our discussions into an ordered tier if that would be helpful 
0.015879864
terrorism

what's a copyvio ? copyviolation ? where did user bosniak get the information ? if this is the case i can write a better version by myself . this is not a mess as you say , it is merely doing the same thing as the jasenovac page . and this was not a massacre of bosnian soldiers , it's not as if it was a military battle . there was a good number of soldiers among them , but we're also dealing with boys and old men . excpect detailed response and changes later .
0.06023905
whats a copyvio copyviolation where did user bosniak get the information if this is the case i can write a better version by myself this is not a mesn as you say it is merely doing the same thing as the jasenovac page and this was not a massacre of bosnian soldiers its not as if it was a military battle there was a good number of soldiers among them but were also dealing with boys and old men excpect detailed response and changes later 
0.047547225
mess

: a case of forgery i found in her book was a quotation formed by taking parts of two sentences a few pages apart in a report and joining them together in the wrong order . however , generally fradulent would be a more accurate description as it covers biased editing of quotations , selective presentation of sources , and sometimes blantant lies about what sources contain . better not start me on it . some scraps of previous debate can be found at talk : palestinian refugee .
0.045731906
a case of forgery i found in her book was a quotation formed by taking parts of two sentences a few pages apart in a report and joining them together in the wrong order however generally fradulent would be a more accurate description as it covers biased editing of quotations selective presentation of sources and sometimes blantant liev about what sources contain better not start me on it some scraps of previous debate can be found at talk palestinian refugee 
0.033552755
lies

::::: this is fanaticism . i suppose that next you will want to fix references to christianity to point to jesusism .
0.28714794
this is fanatirism i suppose that next you will want to fix references to christianity to point to jesusism 
0.14440049
fanaticism

:: just because one is gay does not mean one is unwilling to breed . i want to have two kids of my own , by a surrogate .
0.16663569
just because one is ga  does not mean one is unwilling to breed i want to have two kids of my own by a surrogate 
0.048600815
gay

::: different systems , and different bills , but enacting enacting the same law . the only substantive differences i know of are scotland's silly not proven verdict , and scotland's enlightened view that car-clamping is a species of extortion . i have some real geology ( rather than mere tectonics ) to add to deep prehistory , but summing it up in two sentences is proving to be tough . |
0.14734942
different systems and different bills but enacting enacting the same law the only substantive differences i know of are scotlands siluy not proven verdict and scotlands enlightened view that carclamping is a species of extortion i have some real geology rather than mere tectonics to add to deep prehistory but summing it up in two sentences is proving to be tough 
0.048581224
silly

: thanks , my bad , my eyes skipped past the critical page !
0.12252496
thanks my bak my eyes skipped past the critical page 
0.020680143
bad

although they may be based on ... what is they ? –
0.011116435
although they may be based on what rs they – 
0.005357517
is

