i wellcome any type of ban as long as fadix gets the same . i have been incivil to some degree thats true if there is a consequence ok ... i will not argue or defend . i just want you to see the aura which fadix creates and turns every body around to werewolfes . isn´t that amazing ?
0.056247722
i wellcome any type of ban as long as fadix gets the same i have been incivil to some degree thats true if there is a consequence ok i will not argue or defend i just want you to see the aura which fadix creates and turns every body around to werewolfes isn´i that amazing 
0.04355032
isn´t

please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to lily allen . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox .
0.16502312
please refrain from adding nonkense to wikipedia as you did to lily allen it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox 
0.10143979
nonsense

i have added some introductory material that i believe clarifies some issues . disorders of attachment are not like chickenpox they my occur in many forms and may even amount to normal variations and this point should be included in the article .
0.017818445
i have added some introductory material that i believe clarifies some issues disorderv of attachment are not like chickenpox they my occur in many forms and may even amount to normal variations and this point should be included in the article 
0.013209508
disorders

: agreed * merges pages * btw thanks for finishing them , i started getting tired . no probs , they were easy pages to be my first ! i'm going through the links to the ( song ) version now . btw , i made a couple of changes to that lovely lostprophets template you did - you managed to get lee's name wrong ! i also removed ilan rubin and several links that redirect to lostprophets or go nowhere . i won't take offence if you revert it , but i think that's how it should be .
0.031083385
agreed merges pages btw thanks for finishing them i started getting tired no probs they were easy pages to be my first im going through the links to the song version now btw i made a couple of changes to that lovely lostprophets template you did you managed to get lees name wfong i also removed ilan rubin and several links that redirect to lostprophets or go nowhere i wont take offence if you revert it but i think thats how it should be 
0.026288241
wrong

i hat en.wikipedia.com all the people that work for this web page suck balls . you mo fo's that cant get any girls so u go after men u homo's
0.91090333
i hat enwikipediacom all the people that work for this web page scck balls you mo fos that cant get any girls so u go after men u homos 
0.89691305
suck

pak , just a quick not to tell you to ignore the user david comley , i know him ( unfortunatly ) , and whatever he says his ip address has been behind vandalism .
0.16567774
pak just a quick not to tell you to ignore the user david comley i know him unfortunatly and whatever he says his ip address has been behind vangalism 
0.15334776
vandalism

:: i do not believe what i am doing is harassment , i made no personal insults and instead noted only the feelings of others about ms ewart and went out of my way to make such a description inoffensive . you are obviously biased towards a friend ( or is it lover ? ) . you were are of the mediation request but unwilling to allow that process to unfold you instead threaten and intimidate me .
0.19282213
i do not believe what i am doing is harassment i made no personal insults and instead noted only the feelings of others about ms ewart and went out of my way to make such a description inoffensive you are obviously biasen towards a friend or is it lover you were are of the mediation request but unwilling to allow that process to unfold you instead threaten and intimidate me 
0.19183716
biased

its broke . i'll just stop putting references , thats easy . i will note it has a reference but that wik can't handle references so i havet wasted my time trying to post it . sound good ? an ' admin ' probably stole the ref thing and put it in their bag tools as their daily task . dayum !
0.18040982
its broke ill just stop putting references thats easy i will note it has a reference but that wik cant handle references so i havet whsted my time trying to post it sound good an admin probably stole the ref thing and put it in their bag tools as their daily task dayum 
0.15594101
wasted

you are a total ignoramus . your user name or ip address has been blocked from editing . you were blocked by ayarktos for the following reason ( see our blocking policy ): personal attack reference to immature editing on tal page gundagai - has been warned your ip address is 203.54.186.143 . and a fool . and a crawler . grow up .
0.7139657
you are a total ignorimus your user name or ip address has been blocked from editing you were blocked by ayarktos for the following reason see our blocking policy personal attack reference to immature editing on tal page gundagai has been warned your ip address is 20354186143 and a fool and a crawler grow up 
0.45687243
ignoramus

trolling campaign . who has changed this from ragnarok to ragnarök ??? dude you probably don't know a much about this subject , so you will do best in just leave it . you can't relate everything to snorre . snorre's book is mostly a collection taken from different places . the guy who started this article was right and it's not second-guessing . comanche cph
0.13106799
trolling campaign who has changed this from ragnarok to ragnarök dyde you probably dont know a much about this subject so you will do best in just leave it you cant relate everything to snorre snorres book is mostly a collection taken from different places the guy who started this article was right and its not secondguessing comanche cph 
0.09699267
dude

what the heck likely or possibly , i don't care ) . comanche cph
0.25999162
what the hecy likely or possibly i dont care comanche cph 
0.11209276
heck

i on behalf of the jedi order clan appolagise for any inconvenionces caused , however i believe that as a result of all my hard work and dedication to wikipedia i should become an administrator . i will work very hard and block vandals such as david and mechanismtongs .
0.0938248
i on behalf of the jedi order clan appolagise for any inconvenionces caused however i believe that as a result of all my hard work and dedication to wikipedia i should become an administrator i will work very hard and block vvndals such as david and mechanismtongs 
0.035600293
vandals

= = my contribution = = i am a lawyer in london who for over 20 years was an active member of the conservative monday club , which actually had a legal policy group , as there were so many lawyers in the club . you know , the sort of lawyers you sneer at so competantly . i want you to know that i have finally written to gregory lauder-frost , and his edinburgh solicitors , offering my services gratis . i have included several pages of comments made by mr chilvers as well as you which we have managed to catalogue which demonstrate very clear malice and an absolute contempt of uk law , which any judge would find , hands down . you clearly think you know better than the legal profession and that when people approach us for our advice , or instruct us , that we give them worthless service . i suggest you think again . scum like you do abound as is evidenced here . you're not above the law and you live here . i am urging mr lauder-frost and his lawyers to move against you as well as chilvers .
0.3379076
my contribution i am a lawyer in london who for over 20 years was an active member of the conservative monday club which actually had a legal policy group as there were so many lawyers in the club you know the sort of lawyers you sneer at so competantly i want you to know that i have finally written to gregory lauderfrost and his edinburgh solicitors offering my services gratis i have included several pages of comments made by mr chilvers as well as you which we have managed to catalogue which demonstrate very clear malice and an absolute contempt of uk law which any judge would find hands down you clearly think you know better than the legal profession and that when people approach us for our advice or instruct us that we give them worthless service i suggest you think again lcum like you do abound as is evidenced here youre not above the law and you live here i am urging mr lauderfrost and his lawyers to move against you as well as chilvers 
0.14519066
scum

