: i've rewritten it to be npov and removed the tag . codman's contributions would be great if he could just drop the wild eyed greenie tone of his edits . i'm also getting weary of this view he is pushing that he is more knowledgable than everyone else when he is clearly a complete n00b when it comes to making encyclopedic contributions . /
0.14002472
ive rewritten it to be npov and removed the tag codmans contributions would be great if he could just drop the wild eyed greenie tone of his edits im also getting weary of this view he is pushing that he is more knowledgable than everyone else when he is clearly a complete n00s when it comes to making encyclopedic contributions 
0.09920334
n00b

* strong oppose . most links to china are in fact , for all due purposes , about cultural , social or civilisational aspects - not the state aspects of the prc .
0.015140032
strong oppose most links to china bre in fact for all due purposes about cultural social or civilisational aspects not the state aspects of the prc 
0.008982346
are

i discriminate against english people and blacks but
0.6083505
i diskriminate against english people and blacks but 
0.5991408
discriminate

= = murtha calls u.s. marines cold-blooded killers = = someone needs to type up a section on this . i think it's a pretty big deal when an elected representive calls our soldiers war criminals before their american right to a fair trial even begins . regardless of your pro-war/anti-war position , murtha is a total disgrace .
0.47618985
murtha calls us marines coldblooded killers someone needs to type up a section on this i think its a pretty big deal when an elected representive calls our soldiers war criminals before their american right to a fair trial even begins regardless of your prowarantiwar position murtha is a total disgrare 
0.4204967
disgrace

warning : please do not edit the pictures on this page ... or windows will get you !!!
0.1059594
warning please de not edit the pictures on this page or windows will get you 
0.093586706
do

millions were killed on their way to the west is an example of german home-made history . the total number of german victims wasn't millions and many of the victims died of infections . the german government was responsible for the too late and poorly organised evacuation ( flucht ) . the germans created many myths about the expulsion . now a german demands academic treatment . yes , yes , yes ! but the academic treatment has been done . there are thousands of pages of published documents . instead of this it has become a platform where everybody seems to be allowed to post his own history regardless how wrong and unsystematic it may ever be . exactly and you are one of the ill informed and emotional posters . restored the deleted contri
0.10517542
millions were kilded on their way to the west is an example of german homemade history the total number of german victims wasnt millions and many of the victims died of infections the german government was responsible for the too late and poorly organised evacuation flucht the germans created many myths about the expulsion now a german demands academic treatment yes yes yes but the academic treatment has been done there are thousands of pages of published documents instead of this it has become a platform where everybody seems to be allowed to post his own history regardless how wrong and unsystematic it may ever be exactly and you are one of the ill informed and emotional posters restored the deleted contri 
0.058355957
killed

= = no more this shit ! = = ok , russian friends , you vandalized the article once again with your stylistic history laquering as well as with brutal deletions and inadequate templates . i'm getting tired of this shit . do it again , and i'll fulfill this threat !. btw , another external link for you to consider your behaviour . alex bakharev , please think about mentoring your compatriots in order to avoid a massive pr-problem for russia here on wikipedia . worst wishes ,
0.7977034
no more this sit ok russian friends you vandalized the article once again with your stylistic history laquering as well as with brutal deletions and inadequate templates im getting tired of this shqt do it again and ill fulfill this threat btw another external link for you to consider your behaviour alex bakharev please think about mentoring your compatriots in order to avoid a massive prproblem for russia here on wikipedia worst wishes 
0.37676573
shit

yes i'd agree . you're going nowhere . i looked at the opposition and they appear to be in north america . amazing . they know more about us than we do here ? incredible .
0.01714143
yes id agree youre going nowhere i looked at the opposition and they appear to he in north america amazing they know more about us than we do here incredible 
0.011023745
be

you asked about my ( extremely limited ) knowledge of hungarian : i've been there , once ( a week in 1995 , in budapest and elsewhere ) , and i play hungarian music here . you're right ; it's one of the more exotic languages here . by the way , having been to a few places in the country , i decided if i were to retire somewhere , i'd like to do it in tihany . that was my favorite spot of all the places we visited . just a little estate there with a vineyard and wine cellar ... = =
0.013834329
you asked about my extremely limited knowledge of hungarian ive been there once a week in 1995 in budapest and elsewhere and i play hungarian music here youre right its one of the more exotic languages here by the way having been to a few places in the country i decided if i were to retire somewhere id like to do it in tihany that was my favorite spot of all the places we visited just a little estate there with a vineyard and wine cella  
0.01367033
cellar

there are 3 articles . contract bridge , rubber bridge and duplicate bridge . it is possible there are more and that i've missed something . one article is the parent article , it should include some history of how the game developed from whist and that article would be contract bridge . that there is bidding should be spelled out in the parent article . that there are only 15 useable words which partners may use to describe their hand and to arrive at a contract should be spelled out , the concept of strain or demonination should be presented and the rules of play . but i don't believe it would be appropriate to do more than touch on bidding systems . rubber bridge is the way contract bridge is scored . then , duplicate bidge adds another layer of scoring complexity in addition to the already present and continually used , rubber bridge scoring . in addition , duplicate bridge adds another layer of rigidity to what cards partnerships hold . in this manner the element is skill is boosted while the element of luck ( unavoidably present ) is made smaller . the duplicate bridge article could get into the bidding boxes , the curtain used in large , international tournements and so on . but i would very much like to see these articles be friendly and readable so that a person who had never played bridge could read them and could find a logical development of complexity and of expertise required . so that a green player could view both how to begin to learn to play and where the top is too , that people make their living at playing bridge , that there are international tournements of great interest , that some top bridge players are recognized by various public figures and so on . so that a person can follow the logical development of being a beginning player , right through to becoming a top player . and the joy of the intellectual compitition combied with the social intercourse of sitting at a table with 3 people . we could compare that , perhaps , to chess which is likewise an intellectual compitition but is less social with each board lasting longer and being less casual . you know what i mean ? as it stands now a new player isn't introduced to the game in a logical sequence . this article covers too much ground and brings too much stiffness into the game too early .
0.0149580985
there are 3 articles contract bridge rubber bridge and duplicate bridge it is possible there are more and that ive missed something one article is the parent article it should include some history of how the game developed from whist and that article would be contract bridge that there is bidding should be spelled out in the parent article that there are only 15 useable words which partners may use to describe their hand and to arrive at a contract should be spelled out the concept of strain or demonination should be presented and the rules of play but i dont believe it would be appropriate to do more than touch on bidding systems rubber bridge is the way contract bridge is scored then duplicate bidge adds another layer of scoring complexity in addition to the already present and continually used rubber bridge scoring in addition duplicate bridge adds another layer of rigidity to what cards partnerships hold in this manner the element is skill is boosted while the element of luck unavoidably present is made smaller the duplicate bridge article could get into the bidding boxes the curtain used in large international tournements and so on but i would very much like to see these articles be friendly and readable so that a person who had never played bridge could read them and could find a logical development of complexity and of expertise required so that a green player could view both how to begin to learn to play and where the top is too that people make their living at playing bridge that there are international tournements of great interest that some top bridge players are recognized by various public figures and so on so that a person can follow the logical development of being a beginning player right through to becoming a top player and the joy of the intellectul compitition combied with the social intercourse of sitting at a table with 3 people we could compare that perhaps to chess which is likewise an intwllectual compitition but is less social with each board lasting longer and being less casual you know what i mean as it stands now a new player isnt introduced to the game in a logical sequence this article covers too much ground and brings too much stiffness into the game too early 
0.008914943
intellectual

= = references in the lead in ? = = it seems highly unusual to have references in the lead in . after all , the lead in is just a condensed version of the article , and presumably , any point in the lead in will be covered properly in the article itself . buddy
0.011879746
references in the lead in it seems highly unusual to have references in the lead in after all the lead in ys just a condensed version of the article and presumably any point in the lead in will be covered properly in the article itself buddy 
0.0073342365
is

= = more about barriers = = the second paragraph presently begins : study tech attempts to remove what it calls barriers to study . study tech defines 3 barriers . as a dictionary defines words and as biology defines the cell nucleus and the cell membrane , well , study tech defines 3 barriers which it says exist . it says , there are three barriers to study , that is its message . it spells out the barriers and it says how to deal with these barriers when a student encounters them . could we have study tech defines three barriers to study and purports a methodology of dealing with them ? the reason the present sentence is not accurate is because no matter how many times a student removes a barrier , he may meet the same barrier in the next word he reads . a student educates himself and then deals with barriers when he meets them .
0.014402561
more about barriers the second paragraph presently begins study tech attempts to remove what it calls barriers to study study tech defines 3 barriers as a dictionary defines words and as biology defines the cell nucleus and the cell membrane well study tech defines 3 barriers which it says exist it says there are three barriers to study that is its message it spells out the barriers and it says how to deal with these barriers when a student encounters them could we have study tech defines three barriers to study and purports a methodology of dealing with them the reason the present sentence is not accurate is because no matter how many times a student remdves a barrier he may meet the same barrier in the next word he reads a student educates himself and then deals with barriers when he meets them 
0.009999338
removes

why was the entire article on plo redirected here ? this article is about omaha high low . plo is a different game ! if someone wants information about plo and gets redireted here , they are going to get a bunch of information which is not relevant , i.e. starting hand strategy for limit omaha high low . if the objection was that the plo article needs more content , i can agree with that , but it's not going to get it if it is just a redirect to this article .
0.035375696
why was the entire article on plo redirected here this article is about omaha high how plo is a different game if someone wants information about plo and gets redireted here they are going to get a bunch of information which is not relevant ie starting hand strategy for limit omaha high lok if the objection was that the plo article needs more content i can agree with that but its not going to get it if it is just a redirect to this article 
0.029482573
low

yamla is a child molester who raped 20 children . you are disgusting !
0.9181366
yamla is a child molester who raped 20 children you are nisgusting 
0.8320909
disgusting

= = ssssssssssssshhhhhhhh = = go away . don't use my suerpage again for any reason or you will regret it .
0.30683988
ssssssssssssshhhhhhhh mo away dont use my suerpage again for any reason or you will regret it 
0.2941219
go

sure , well they offended me . i was just about to vandalise his user page when u intervened :-) there are quite a few of these fascistic serbs around . its a pity , they give a bad name to their country ... if it wasnt for them , serbia would be in a very different shape right now .
0.33915535
sure well they offended me i was just about to vandalise his user page when u intervened there are quite a few of these fascistdc serbs around its a pity they give a bad name to their country if it wasnt for them serbia would be in a very different shape right now 
0.27053145
fascistic

:: dude , you need to chill with the reverting . that's my point . it's annoying .
0.3266193
dude you need to chill with the reverting thats my point its annosing 
0.22632965
annoying

gidonb has made a final edit and hopefully you all will leave this page for deletion . it seems to have been the target of interest for people with no stake in its content . now they can move on to objects of more legitimate concern and leave me alone . i do not know why everyone insisted on editing a page which is about me , but i guess i should be flattered . i hope they are happy to find someone else to harrass .
0.118362285
gidonb has made a final edit and hopefully you all will leave this page for deletion it seems to  ave been the target of interest for people with no stake in its content now they can move on to objects of more legitimate concern and leave me alone i do not know why everyone insisted on editing a page which is about me but i guess i should be flattered i hope they are happy to find someone else to harrass 
0.11355977
have

