how dear you who ever put on hi shit haeds i my going to sue the peo[ple who made this web sit p.s just jocking i culdn't care less if or diidn't have hi shit heads
0.8971608
how dear you who ever put on hi shxit haeds i my going to sue the people who made this web sit ps just jocking i culdnt care less if or diidnt have hi shiu heads 
0.40161523
shit

= = intellectual masturbation = = want an article on intellectual masturbation , cheers . * one small article from everything2
0.78283584
intellectual masturzation want an article on intellectual masturbatios cheers one small article from everything2 
0.12907232
masturbation

= = category add = = i added kali to the category : mother goddesses page . i know there are problems/impossibilities with creating a homogenous article on kali due to her different sets of worshipers , different stories , etc ., but there is a school of thought that worships her as the mother , and i thought it balanced with the destroyer goddesses category link . i think i'm going to do more work on this article in the near future ; a friend of mine has most of the books listed in the biblio . time to do some reading ...
0.047632165
category add i added kali to the category mother goddesses page i know there are problemsimpossibilities with creating a homogenous article on kali due to her different sets of worshiper  different stories etc but there is a school of thought that worships her as the mother and i thought it balanced with the destroyer goddesses category link i think im going to do more work on this article in the near future a friend of mine has most of the books listed in the biblio time to do some reading 
0.02315455
worshipers

= = copyright problems with image : 045jp7 . jpg = = an image that you uploaded , image : 045jp7 . jpg , has been listed at wikipedia : copyright problems because it is a suspected copyright violation . please look there if you know that the image is legally usable on wikipedia ( you may have to search for the title of the image to find its entry ) , and then provide the necessary information there and on its page , if you are interested in it not being deleted . thank you .
0.016848706
copyright problems with image 045jp7 jpg an image that you uploaded image 045jp7 jpg has been listed at wikipedia copyright problems because it is a suspected copyright violaoion please look there if you know that the image is legally usable on wikipedia you may have to search for the title of the image to find its entry and then provide the necessary information there and on its page if you are interested in it not being deleted thank you 
0.01659696
violation

= = is at it again = = is at it again with his unfounded accusations . apparently , he seems to not directly contact users , but complains to administrators . i am amazed he has not done what seems to be his favoured tactic and has braned me a sockpuppet of a user who hasn't been active in a year . and now he wants to be an adminstrator ? surely his behaviour really needs to be looked into with a fine toothed comb , as he seems to be a problem user .
0.24580128
is at it again is at it again with his unfounded accusations apparently he seems to not directly contact users but complains to administrators i am amazed he has not done what seems to be his favoured tactic and has braned me a sockppppet of a user who hasnt been active in a year and now he wants to be an adminstrator surely his behaviour really needs to be looked into with a fine toothed comb as he seems to be a problem user 
0.1783433
sockpuppet

tux if you haven't figured it out i don't care about the good community rules , its bs . so don't bother telling me not to extend my responses , cuz honestly if you keep it short and sweet , its nothing , a waste of time . if we don't relay true information , which takes many words its a waste , why not just format like this then ex . walmart sales : xxxxx profit : xxxx number of stores : xxxxx ect ..... i am sorry i just honestly don't like people like you , you always have to have some smug response , you can't just let people edit information , and discuss it , your so busy looking up rules , to patrol everyone else . and to be honest when this site started half the rules didn't exist and the whole site was much better off because people could honestly make an effort to better the information . yes there were many wikifights , and the entries ran long , but atleast there was information here , now since people like you came along , wanting this rule and that rule and then voting on them while leaving the intent and betterment of the site in the dust . it used to be you came here and edited entries , added facts , and if someone had a problem with it you directed them to where the proof was . no everybody is so wrapped up in the rules , and everything has to be discussed , and god help you if you don't follow the rule for this or that , you will have 20 egocentric people writting you about it , oh my god like the world is going to end if a comment or a point runs a little long . heres a thought for you , keep your smug comments to yourself , none of my points in the walmart discussion where directed at you , it was an explation of why the servant leader discription applies and an example of how the company works with in that guide . and you being you had to go make a deal out of it on my talk page , oh my god , i ran long . how petty .
0.23687468
tux if you havent figured it out i dont care about the good community rules its bs so dont bother telling me not to extend my responses cuz honestly if you keep it short and sweet its nothing a waste of time if we dont relay true information which takes many words its a waste why not just format like this then ex walmart sales xxxxx profit xxxx number of stores xxxxx ect i am sorry i just honestly dont like people like you you always have to have some smug response you cant just let people edit information and discuss it your so busy looking up rules to patrol everyone else and to be honest when this site started half the rules didnt exist and the whole site was much better off because people could honestly make an effort to better the information yes there were many wikifights and the entries ran long but atleast there was information here now since people like you came along wanting this rule and that rule and then voting on them while leaving the intent and betterment of the site in the dust it used to be you came here and edited entries added facts and if someone had a problem with it you directed them to where the proof was no everybody is so wrapped up in the rules and everything has to be discussed and god help you if you dont follow the rule for this or that you will have 20 egonentric people writting you about it oh my god like the world is going to end if a comment or a point runs a little long heres a thought for you keep your smug comments to yourself none of my points in the walmart discussion where directed at you it was an explation of why the servant leader discription applies and an example of how the company works with in that guide and you being you had to go make a deal out of it on my talk page oh my god i ran long how petty 
0.21049128
egocentric

thank you for experimenting with the page west cheshire college on wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.010788296
thank you for experimenting with the page west cheshire college on wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would lise to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.009729628
like

this page is a proposed wikipedia policy , guideline , or process . the proposal may still be in development , under discussion , or in the process of gathering consensus for adoption . references or links to this page should not describe it as policy . doesnt proposed mean that it hasnt been put into effect yet ? are you kidding me ? im reporting you for this abuse of power
0.17733462
this page is a proposed wikipedia policy guideline or process the proposal may still be in development under discussion or in the process of gathering consensus for adoption references or links to this page should not describe it as policy doesnt proposed mean that it hasnt been put into effect yet are you kxdding me im reporting you for this abuse of power 
0.16733375
kidding

= = split = = would anybody oppose to a splitting of the article into separate sections for each series ? wants e-mail
0.01875193
split would anybody oppose to a splitting of the article into separate sections for each series wabts email 
0.0074988254
wants

= = part of the casus belli = = also , if hezbollah had been disarmed as stated in the united nations security resolution 1559 , this conflict would not have happened . there would have been no hezbollah and therefore no hezbollah raid . this is part of the casus belli . let's keep the facts !
0.03768797
part of the casus belli also if hezbollah had been dizarmed as stated in the united nations security resolution 1559 this conflict would not have happened there would have been no hezbollah and therefore no hezbollah raid this is part of the casus belli lets keep the facts 
0.026176305
disarmed

: please see wp : date #dates containing a month and a day . wikipedia has a manual of style and whenever month and day are used in articles they are to be linked normally . not sure why wikipedia went with using the links to allow date preferences to work , but they did , so we're stuck with it . sorry .
0.033269707
please see wp date dates containing a month and a day wikipedia has a manual of style and whenever month and day are used in articles they are to be linked normally not sure why wikipedia went with using the links to allow date preferences to work but they did so were stucc with it sorry 
0.013754903
stuck

welcome , ! hello , and welcome to wikipedia ! thanks for your contributions ! you might like to check out our tutorial , a resource created especially for new users like yourself . you also may want to introduce yourself to the community at the new user log . if you have any questions , you can ask me on , or at our questions forum . i hope very much you enjoy being here with us , and i wish you luck with your contributions . - at
0.020500673
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thanks for your contributions you might like to check out our tutorial a resource created especially for new users like yourself you also may want to introduce yourself to the community at the new user log if you have any questions you can ask me on or at our questions forum i howe very much you enjoy being here with us and i wish you luck with your contributions at 
0.016623776
hope

and if you also see that in the interim report they could not find any traces of temple . that made the mad hindus crazy and it was also claimed that they manipulated evidence as well as destroyed their original notes within 24 hours
0.15935576
and if you also see that in the interim report they could not find any traces of temple that made the mgd hindus crazy and it was also claimed that they manipulated evidence as well as destroyed their original notes within 24 hours 
0.1117403
mad

::: gotta love it when wikipedia crosses wires . since you've got some invites available . moot point . ;)
0.017267674
gotta love it when wikipedia crosses wires since youve got some invites available mood point 
0.008593233
moot

