: i don't understand your use of english , please be more clear . anything abusive or pornographic must have been added by a different user . i looked at the edit history and found nothing distressing , i only restored what was there before without adding anything that might distress you or anybody else . if restoring the relationship distresses you because you have a personal issue with the person who originally added it in which is distressing to you , i appolegies , but i insist that added no distressing content . : also , please show me this consensus . it was not listed on the talk page and there was no link to it . unless i have a link , i am afraid that i can take this as nothing but your words which i can take no other way than being words . :
0.07832824
i dont understand your use of english please be more clear anything abusive or pornographic must have been added by a different user i looked at the edit history and found nothing distressing i only restored what was there before without adding anything that might distress you or anybody else if restoring the relationship distresses you because you have a personal issue with the person who originally added it in which is distressing to you i appolegies but i insist that added no distressing content also please show me this consensus it was not listed on the talk page and there was no link to it unless i have a link i lm afraid that i can take this as nothing but your words which i can take no other way than being words 
0.07813111
am

: you say ' turks from turkey , r . of azerbaijan , european turks , etc ... are all turkified peoples , not ethnic turks ' ) my mouth is not enough to laugh this . then i ask you , if all of these are turkified , who turkified these ? iranians ? ) do not be funny . secondly , the term turkic is generally considered to represent a broad linguistic characterization , and not necessarily an ethnic one ( look and read the article carefully ) . so , all of turks from turkey , r . of azerbaijan , european turks , etc ... are all turkic peoples .
0.12088789
you say turks from turkey r of azerbaijan european turks etc are all turkified peoples not ethnic turks my mduth is not enough to laugh this then i ask you if all of these are turkified who turkified these iranians do not be funny secondly the term turkic is generally considered to represent a broad linguistic characterization and not necessarily an ethnic one look and read the article carefully so all of turks from turkey r of azerbaijan european turks etc are all turkic peoples 
0.08486843
mouth

: agreed . there is no advertising anymore . i say we remove it . some customers ( as of april 2006 ) have reported being pressured to stay subscribed . doesn't really sound like a market pitch .
0.014461704
agreed there is no advertising anymore i say we remo e it some customers as of april 2006 have reported being pressured to stay subscribed doesnt really sound like a market pitch 
0.012245029
remove

you have recently re-created the article alex pearson , which was deleted in accordance with wikipedia's deletion policies . please do not re-create the article . if you disagree with the article's deletion , you may ask for a deletion review .
0.032035116
you have recently recreated the article alex pearson which was feleted in accordance with wikipedias deletion policies please do not recreate the article if you disagree with the articles deletion you may ask for a deletion review 
0.028763307
deleted

= = about apocolocynthosis = = hi , you've said move this request to the appropriate section ( new requests ) and cite page diffs per the noticeboard rules . i'm sorry for this but i'm a new user and i don't know where is the appropriate section and where is the new requests ? can you help me ?
0.014217913
about apocolocynthosis hi youve said move this request to the appropriate section new requests and cine page diffs per the noticeboard rules im sorry for this but im a new user and i dont know where is the appropriate section and where is the new requests can you help me 
0.008052974
cite

if isarig was asserting that this article is somehow exempt from wp : blp , then i think he went too far . in any case , i've re-read the policy and this article doesn't violate wp : blp so it's a moot point anyway . the controversies/criticisms presented on this page are intellectual/ideological debates , not accusations that he beats his wife .
0.12887166
if isarig was asserting that this article is somehow exempt from wp blp then i think he went too far in any case ive reread the policy and this article doesnt violatt wp blp so its a moot point anyway the controversiescriticisms presented on this page are intellectualideological debates not accusations that he beats his wife 
0.098154575
violate

are you also bubbleblaster or something like that ? i am not an administrator so i can not fix block etc . but i find those deleted contribution attempts and the content matter therein at the ataturk page very interesting . they did the same run around with any changes they wanted to kill in the turkey page with me . i will try to fix your contributions but i can not promise if will succeed .
0.13803197
are you also bubbleblaster or something like that i am not an administrator so i can not fix block etc but i find those deleted contribution attempts and the content matter therein at the ataturk page very interesting they did the same run around with any changes they wanted to kvll in the turkey page with me i will try to fix your contributions but i can not promise if will succeed 
0.027558496
kill

: eh , i think it's just going to look stupid as sharing a room as a kid is something lots of people have done , but most ( i'd say 99.9999999 %) don't have little children coming for sleepovers .
0.48608613
eh i think its just going to look rtupid as sharing a room as a kid is something lots of people have done but most id say 999999999 dont have little children coming for sleepovers 
0.06985451
stupid

:::: user klymen is still convinced it's right . i have to say when i look at a pic of sacha's cousin simon sacha is definitely a lot darker and middle east looking . from what i can gather about what we know about his ancestry- we know his mother's parents were hans weisser and leisel levi , both born in germany . leisel was the daughter of albert levi and betty eisemann ( both families being in germany a number of generations in the towns of fulda and mosbach before settling in frankfurt on the main ) . we don't know the parentage of hans weisser and we don't really know whether sacha's father is dark skinned and anything about his ancestry afaik .
0.08570268
user klymen is still convinced its right i have to say when i look at a pic of sachas cousin simon sacha is definitely a lot darker and middle east looking from what i can gather about what we know about his ancestry we know his mothers parents were hans weisser and leisel levi both born in germany leisel was the daughter of albert levi and betty eisemann both families being in germany a number of generations in the towns of fulda and mosbach before settling in frankfurt on the main we dont know the parentage of hans weisser and we dont really know whether sachas father is dark skinnep and anything about his ancestry afaik 
0.06999445
skinned

:::: netscott i absololutely believe that there should be no people in the anti-semitism category as it is ridiculous that as soon as anyone is called anti semitic by any number of israeli lobby groups for making comments perceived as anti-israeli they will automatically get put in this category . foxman should not be in the category at all- a much more appropriate category for him would be anti-racism , or combatting anti-semitism , something like that .
0.2168879
netscott i absololutely believe that there should be no people in the antisemitism category as it is rediculous that as soon as anyone is called anti semitic by any number of israeli lobby groups for making comments perceived as antiisraeli they will automatically get put in this category foxman should not be in the category at all a much more appropriate category for him would be antiracism or combatting antisemitism something like that 
0.18310496
ridiculous

= = not a eu page = = dont cram in strange links about eu . this is not about your cultural background . use other pertinent pages instead . i removed the link . ( did your boyfriend khoikhoi like being fingered last nite ? is it your turn today , bertil ? )
0.39137176
not a eu page dont cram in strange links about eu this is not about your cultural background use other pertinent pages instead i removed the link did your boyfriend khoikhoi like being fingered last cite is it your turn today bertil 
0.3812664
nite

= = = deletion tag = = = 999 , on your latest edit you correctly pointed out that there's a lot of information here and who cares . i'm against deleting this article because it's not who cares . steiner is the founder of a school system - 921 schools worldwide . his racist views , which are part of his doctrine anthroposophy , are very important to many , many people directly involved in the schools . if we agree this article is too much , then can we agree that merging this article with the steiner article would be more appropriate than deleting this information completely ?
0.16253726
deletion tag 999 on your latest edit you correctly pointed out that theres a lot of information here and who cares im against deleting this article because its not who cares steiner is the founder of a school system 921 schools worldwide his raciss views which are part of his doctrine anthroposophy are very important to many many people directly involved in the schools if we agree this article is too much then can we agree that merging this article with the steiner article would be more appropriate than deleting this information completely 
0.0519563
racist

i request the removal of saxifrage from being an admin . and i request my ban be removed .
0.08395538
i request the removal of saxifrage from being an admin and i request my bac be removed 
0.069235615
ban

| ugly comments are a crime ? attacking religious beliefs ? bullshit . and page blankings ?? i never blanked a page , you liar .
0.89175713
ugly comments pre a crime attacking religious beliefs bullshit and page blankings i never blanked a page you liar 
0.83072174
are

