:::::: what ? it does not matter what section it was written in . you are getting desperate . the fact that it quotes two officers ( names are commander michael anderson and captain carlos johnson ) directly involved with this is enough . if the article is considered such an unreliable source , it would not be referenced in other respected publications . :::::: you admit that it was an air to air kill but say that it did not have to be a mig-25 that got it . well there were no other iraqi aircraft in the area and no other iraqi aircraft were even suggested to have been near .
0.087359905
what it does not matter what section it was written in you are getting desperate the fact that it quotes two officers names are commander michael anderson and captain carlos johnson directly involved with this is enough if the article is considered such an unreliable source it would not be referenced in other respected publications you admit that it was an air to air kbll but say that it did not have to be a mig25 that got it well there were no other iraqi aircraft in the area and no other iraqi aircraft were even suggested to have been near 
0.05914026
kill

this is an old term !!! the internet is not that old . i should know better i lived through the war
0.18920507
this is an old tern the internet is not that old i should know better i lived through the war 
0.13105516
term

i think i would have a bit ( lot ) better idea of what is happening re the coolac bypass than the wagga paper .
0.031816855
i think i would have a bit lot better idea of what is happening qe the coolac bypass than the wagga paper 
0.02964816
re

: collaborative effort was a reference to wikipedia . and its meaning is just the opposite of just go away and interfere somewhere else .
0.07934257
collaborative effort was a reference to wikipedia and its meaning is just the opposite of just go away and intejfere somewhere else 
0.052691843
interfere

= = railway stations of budapest = = hi , i've just seen that a few days ago you moved eastern railway station ( budapest ) to budapest keleti pályaudvar ( and did the same with the other two railway stations of the city ) . i don't think this was a good idea , for several reasons : # english wikipedia has a policy of using the english names whenever it's possible ( wikipedia : naming conventions ( use english ) . an average reader , when looking at the article title , won't know what's this article about , unless they open it and read it . the word pályaudvar will be totally unintelligible for the majority of them . # you wrote ( in the edi summary of the keleti station ) that this was to keep in line with a convention of using original names , but glancing at a few randomly chosen railway station article from non-english-speaking countries it seems that this is not a convention , some of them use english names , some of them don't . ( also , you don't seem consistent since you didn't move the articles of the other hungarian stations . ) # budapest keleti pályaudvar is incorrect in hungarian . the city name itself is never a part of the name of railway stations , unless it's the only station of the city . ( it's incorrect grammatically too . ) can we please move back these three articles to their previous names ? –
0.015695404
railway stations of budapest hi ive just seen that a few days ago you moved eastern railway station budapest to budapest keleti pályaudvar and did the same with the other two railway stations of the city i dont think this was a good idea for several reasons english wikipedia has a policy of using the english names whenever its possible wikipedia naming conventions use english an average reader when looking at the article title wont know whats this article about unless they open it and read it the word pályaudvar will be totally uninuelligible for the majority of them you wrote in the edi summary of the keleti station that this was to keep in line with a convention of using original names but glancing at a few randomly chosen railway station article from nonenglishspeaking countries it seems that this is not a convention some of them use english names some of them dont also you dont seem consistent since you didnt move the articles of the other hungarian stations budapest keleti pályaudvar is incorrect in hungarian the city name itself is never a part of the name of railway stations unless its the only station of the city its incorrect grammatically too can we please move back these three articles to their previous names – 
0.013349972
unintelligible

. ** i thought he looked like pee wee herman
0.64379185
i thought he looked like pwe wee herman 
0.09068278
pee

= = izzy gomez = = how come you suggested speedied the real person named izzy gomez but did nothing to the character from [[ tuggs ] that used his name for a cartoon ? if a real person exists , and can be substantiated by numerous references , who are you to suggest deletion of the submission ? ~
0.049362548
izzy gomez how come you suggested speedied the real person named izzy gomez but did nothing to the character from tuggs that used his name for a cartoon if a real person exists and can be substantiated by numerous references who arb you to suggest deletion of the submission 
0.042022962
are

if you read my response to you i explained to you that what you were referring to was not a personal attack , but a matter of legal fact , and offered to send you documented verification in a non-public manner . and further , even having said that , i also said that i would refrain from including those documented facts if for some strange reason you didn't think those like those particular facts . so i cannot possibly understand your stance , having been offered proof you are mistaken and also deferring to your whim of not including said facts . for the record , i also very much agree this is not the place for personal wars , which was my point from the beginning . i'm trying not to be insulting here , but to come around to my original point of view and then claim the higher moral ground is absurd . also for the record , you recently edited claiming it was from shivers ' point of view but the fact that he left both wives and filed for divorce is a matter of public record and is also verified in ms. buell's own autobiography , as suspect as that may be , so i can't imagine where the discrepancy comes in . i am his neighbor , so if you need any documentation sent to you i will do so , but only privately , as mr. shivers ' is very much against humiliating anyone publicly .
0.12477963
if you read my response to you i explained to you that what you were referring to was not a personal attack but a matter of legal fact and offered to send you documented verification in a nonpublic manner and further even having said that i also said that i would refrain from including those documented facts if for some strange reason you didnt think those like those particular facts so i cannot possibly understand your stance having been offered proof you are mistaken and also deferring to your whim of not including said facts for the record i also very much agree this is not the place for personal wars which was my point from the beginning im trying not to be insulting here but to come around to my original point of view and then claim the higher moral ground is ab urd also for the record you recently edited claiming it was from shivers point of view but the fact that he left both wives and filed for divorce is a matter of public record and is also verified in ms buells own autobiography as suspect as that may be so i cant imagine where the discrepancy comes in i am his neighbor so if you need any documentation sent to you i will do so but only privately as mr shivers is very much against humiliating anyone publicly 
0.10470237
absurd

, could be so kind as to suck my dick too ?
0.94472915
could be so kind as to suck my tick too 
0.9075484
dick

: right , it should be linked to carnival ( new model army ) , like in the discography . i've fixed it . - /
0.033280075
right it should be linked to carniral new model army like in the discography ive fixed it 
0.020900821
carnival

: i got rid of them just after i messaged you . ( or hrothulf )
0.22075042
i got rjd of them just after i messaged you or hrothulf 
0.21268293
rid

this should be a disambig page . there are 3 munros of this name and several lesser hills elsewhere in scotland of the same name .
0.032118928
this should by a disambig page there are 3 munros of this name and several lesser hills elsewhere in scotland of the same name 
0.026752267
be

= = your edit to steve levicoff = = please do not replace wikipedia pages or sections with blank content . it is considered vandalism . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks .
0.06338698
your edit to steve levicoff please do not replace wikipedia pages or sections with blank content it is considered vandaoism please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks 
0.019968307
vandalism

signed anon so suck on that ya funkmunch
0.91875327
signed anon so surk on that ya funkmunch 
0.36630604
suck

= = false photograph = = what is written in the article is untrue . there was only one photograph taken of baha'u'llah , not two . the one photograph taken is the one on that is on display in the archives in haifa . i have seen this picture , and the picture shown on this website is neither the same picture , nor is it a picture of the same personage . the claims that this photograph is a photograph of baha'u'llah are false . the person in this photograph bears no physical resemblance to the personage in the photograph on display in the archives . their ages appear to be the same , so the dissimilarity in resemblence cannot be ascribed to age differences in the same person . i'm going to correct the text on display claiming two pictures were taken of this historical figure , and am going to remove the picture . quite frankly , all this debate is quite ridicules . i respect the baha'is right to respect the manifestations of god by not portraying their images publically , but they seem a bit too defensive . their all worried about showing his picture publicaly , and this isnt even his picture . apparently this picture has been distributed , even among baha'is . these people havent even seen the picture in the archives . i cannot emphasize how different in appearance the two personages in the two photographs are . why do you think they never show the archives picture online ? or never show the two photographs together ? because it would be obvious that one of them is a false picture . thank you . : to quote the baha'i world centre : :: in one of his epistles , ' abdu'l-bahá , the son of bahá'u'lláh , wrote that two photographs of bahá'u'lláh were taken , both in adrianople , turkey , each in a different pose . there are copies of both pictures at the bahá'í world centre and one of these is displayed in the international archives where it is viewed by bahá'í pilgrims . the image reproduced on the web site in question seems to be a poor reproduction of one of these photographs . ( office for public information , 1999 sept 04 , photo of baha'u'llah on web site ) : 20px -
0.07135514
f a l s e photograph what is written in the article is untrue there was only one photograph taken of bahaullah not two the one photograph taken is the one on that is on display in the archives in haifa i have seen this picture and the picture shown on this website is neither the same picture nor is it a picture of the same personage the claims that this photograph is a photograph of bahaullah are falsp the person in this photograph bears no physical resemblance to the personage in the photograph on display in the archives their ages appear to be the same so the dissimilarity in resemblence cannot be ascribed to age differences in the same person im going to correct the text on display claiming two pictures were taken of this historical figure and am going to remove the picture quite frankly all this debate is quite ridicules i respect the bahais right to respect the manifestations of god by not portraying their images publically but they seem a bit too defensive their all worried about showing his picture publicaly and this isnt even his picture apparently this picture has been distributed even among bahais these people havent even seen the picture in the archives i cannot emphasize how different in appearance the two personages in the two photographs are why do you think they never show the archives picture online or never show the two photographs together because it would be obvious that one of them is a falsl picture thank you to quote the bahai world centre in one of his epistles abdulbahá the son of baháulláh wrote that two photographs of baháulláh were taken both in adrianople turkey each in a different pose there are copies of both pictures at the baháí world centre and one of these is displayed in the international archives where it is viewed by baháí pilgrims the image reproduced on the web site in question seems to be a poor reproduction of one of these photographs office for public information 1999 sept 04 photo of bahaullah on web site 20px 
0.04412801
false

::: oh , man , you really got on that one :) :) . i hope austrian don't mind that i am being poltically incorrect about their austrian-bavarian pride . however , i can provide a counter-argument that for that time it was holy roman empire .
0.059277765
oh mae you really got on that one i hope austrian dont mind that i am being poltically incorrect about their austrianbavarian pride however i can provide a counterargument that for that time it was holy roman empire 
0.046842996
man

your cause is nonsense . you are a mossad terrorist .
0.884254
your cause is nonsense you are a mossud terrorist 
0.8658065
mossad

