fuck the criminal party of china also known as cpc and fuck you , stupid bastard .... you foreigners suck dick . what has china developed in modern times ? squat . so shove it asshole , you know america could kick your cpc's ass anyday , in addition to n korea , russia and vietnam . throw in iran too . if we wanted , we could take all of you on , piece of dog shit . oh wait , i forgot , you eat dog
0.9811267
fusk the criminal party of china also known as cpc and frck you stupid bastard you foreigners suck dick what has china developed in modern times squat so shove it asshole you know america could kick your cpcs ass anyday in addition to n korea russia and vietnam throw in iran too if we wanted we could take all of you on piece of dog shit oh wait i forgot you eat dog 
0.9595843
fuck

= = = the user labongo attempts to distort the truth daily in wikipedia = = user labongo states : your requests for references have been answered hundreds of times . notice , how again you present a hopelessly goofy claim , user labongo . can you show us one such occasion where what we have been after has been offered to us , in terms of quotes and the related page informaiton ? no one has asked as an attachment for the kven text a list of references which disagree with the information offered . this is the absurd case now . we need to see where exactly those offered sources agree with the written text offered in the kven article . those sort of pinpointed and exact - easily verifiable ( as mr. mikkalai wants ) - quotes and sources are offered in several key points of the diki wiki's text . for us to ask you to understand the difference in that approach is too much to hope for , it appears . you appear to be too young for this sort of conversation , it seems safe to state . in the case of user driakko's text that sort of showing of exact book and page information and - importantly user labongo - exact quotes on those pages from known and credited historians and/or other scientist cannot be provided . read the bold text from the above sentence . that is what is wanted , not what you claim that has been requested ! please , read what our messages exactly say . after you have done that , please stop setting words in the mouths of others , and particularly in the mouths of historians in relation to the kven text . perhaps just for you - and the types of you - it is important to repeat yet one more time : we have never asked - and we are not asking now , and we shall not ask in the future - a list of related books an/or historians who have written about the topic . instead , we are asking for it to be pointed out where exactly those given sources agree with text pushed for wikipedia . we are familiar with the sources offered . they appear to disagree with the text of user drieakko ! what part of the word disagree do you find hard to understand ? we recommend for you to stop writing in wikipedia , and instead for you to attend your school classes ! ( utc
0.14567173
the user labongo attempts to distort the truth daily in wikipedia user labongo states your requests for references have been answered hundreds of times notice how again you present a hopelessly gooyy claim user labongo can you show us one such occasion where what we have been after has been offered to us in terms of quotes and the related page informaiton no one has asked as an attachment for the kven text a list of references which disagree with the information offered this is the absurd case now we need to see where exactly those offered sources agree with the written text offered in the kven article those sort of pinpointed and exact easily verifiable as mr mikkalai wants quotes and sources are offered in several key points of the diki wikis text for us to ask you to understand the difference in that approach is too much to hope for it appears you appear to be too young for this sort of conversation it seems safe to state in the case of user driakkos text that sort of showing of exact book and page information and importantly user labongo exact quotes on those pages from known and credited historians andor other scientist cannot be provided read the bold text from the above sentence that is what is wanted not what you claim that has been requested please read what our messages exactly say after you have done that please stop setting words in the mouths of others and particularly in the mouths of historians in relation to the kven text perhaps just for you and the types of you it is important to repeat yet one more time we have never asked and we are not asking now and we shall not ask in the future a list of related books anor historians who have written about the topic instead we are asking for it to be pointed out where exactly those given sources agree with text pushed for wikipedia we are familiar with the sources offered they appear to disagree with the text of user drieakko what part of the word disagree do you find hard to understand we recommend for you to stop writing in wikipedia and instead for you to attend your school classes utc 
0.08532228
goofy

:: if the citations say that the four major denominations are orthodox , reform , etc etc then it is ok with me to say the four major denominations , and in a footnote say what those dnoms are . this is the intro so we want to make it fairly breif . you are correct , there is a problem with the nearly all . there is also a problem with all the 200,000 messianic jews might consider themselves a major denomination . :: further down in the article the statement that all major jewish organizations ( religious and secular ) are opposed to j4j is unacceptable , because there is no defined list of what the organizations are .... the israeli national soccer team hasn't made any statement about j4j , so how can we assume they are opposed to j4j ?
0.07525043
if the citations say that the four major denominations are orthodox reform etc etc then it is ok with me to say the four major denominations and in a footnote say what those dnoms are this is the intro so we want to make it fairly breif you are correct there is a problem with the nearly all there is also a problem with all the 200000 messianic yews might consider themselves a major denomination further down in the article the statement that all major jewish organizations religious and secular are opposed to j4j is unacceptable because there is no defined list of what the organizations are the israeli national soccer team hasnt made any statement about j4j so how can we assume they are opposed to j4j 
0.036001522
jews

= = i feel sorry for you , small penised foreign dog ! defending absolute scum like mao , jiang , and deng ensures you are a brainwashed fag lost in china's past . = = it will take 200 years before chinese people from the mainland become clean , respectable , wise human beings . right now they are money worshipping slaves whose minds are lost to propaganda and distorted logic . how sad ! such a great civilization destroyed by a band of gangsters !
0.7364126
i feel sorry for you small penised foreign dog defending absolute scvm like mao jiang and deng ensures you are a brainwashed fag lost in chinas past it will take 200 years before chinese people from the mainland become clean respectable wise human beings right now they are money worshipping slaves whose minds are lost to propaganda and distorted logic how sad such a great civilization destroyed by a band of gangsters 
0.6013102
scum

= = this article is a disgrace to all of this monster's victims . you will rot in hell for all of this , if you aren't punished by the victim's families first = =
0.647508
this article is a disgrace to all of this monsters victims you will rot in help for all of this if you arent punished by the victims families first 
0.5279422
hell

who think you are ???? you the worst offender of 3rr ... if you are going to give me one , then give youself one and put this up on your talk page .... also , stay off my talk page that garbage . you opinon , in regards to 3rr , i totally reject . futhermore , stop the wikilawyering bulldonkey
0.79064125
who think you are you the worst offender of 3rr if you are going to give me one then give youself one and put this up on your talk page also stay off my talk page that garbago you opinon in regards to 3rr i totally reject futhermore stop the wikilawyering bulldonkey 
0.75600034
garbage

if you can show me a phd . scholar from india who discredits the bodhidarma theory , then i will believe everything you say , and even stop posting or editing on wikipedia . is that is deal ?
0.108830184
if you can show me a  hd scholar from india who discredits the bodhidarma theory then i will believe everything you say and even stop posting or editing on wikipedia is that is deal 
0.06856625
phd

= = ban me for what ? = = you cant put me on my final warning for personal attacks already ! yes i had 3 warnings for vandilism but that uses a different buffer . please remove your warning
0.23221914
ban me for what you cant put me on my final warning for personal aotacks already yes i had 3 warnings for vandilism but that uses a different buffer please remove your warning 
0.13356395
attacks

what do you mean ? there were plenty of cases of rape . just because bbc didn't mention rape does not mean it did not happen . it not like the bbc are on the ground 24/7 . even if they are a respected news source , what counts is people who were actually there and i know people who had relatives killed and raped . the only thing that needs to be changed is that the numbers of those killed needs to increase significantly . i know there was a lot more than 3,000 people killed . the government furthermore did indeed organize the massacres . not to mention the government soldiers were committing massacres against tamils in northern sri lanka , the same time tamils were massacred in southern sri lanka around colombo in 1983 , which apparently is the capital of the entire sri lankan country !? plus what makes this all nonsense is that there are massacres against tamils continuing today . the sri lankan military ( armed by : india , pakistan , israel , usa , great britain , china , australia , russia ) has already killed 100s of tamils in sambur in a northern town of sri lanka . i think that its time to admit all truths , because lying and denying won't get us anywhere . this is becoming a cat and mouse game . while you keep denying rape happened in 1983 , tamils are being bombed by the sri lankan military in sambur right now ! come on !
0.3282225
what do you mean there were plenty of cases of rape just because bbc didnt mention rape does not mean it did not happen it not like the bbc are on the ground 247 even if they are a respected news source what counts is people who were actually there and i know people who had relatives killed and japed the only thing that needs to be changed is that the numbers of those killed needs to increase significantly i know there was a lot more than 3000 people killed the government furthermore did indeed organize the massacres not to mention the government soldiers were committing massacres against tamils in northern sri lanka the same time tamils were massacred in southern sri lanka around colombo in 1983 which apparently is the capital of the entire sri lankan country plus what makes this all nonsense is that there are massacres against tamils continuing today the sri lankan military armed by india pakistan israel usa great britain china australia russia has already killed 100s of tamils in sambur in a northern town of sri lanka i think that its time to admit all truths because lying and denying wont get us anywhere this is becoming a cat and mouse game while you keep denying rape happened in 1983 tamils are being bombed by the sri lankan military in sambur right now come on 
0.24908072
raped

= = xm-8 and xm-25 = = i believe that this page deserves the information that the xm29 is to have both componets designed into their own weapons the xm-8 rifle ( the rifle component ) and the xm-25 grenade launcher ( although its grenades have been upped to 25mm from 20mm ) . division of program resulting for action in 2004 .
0.038453117
xm8 and xm25 i believe that this page deserves the information that the xm29 is to have both componets designed into their own weapons the xm8 rifle the rifle component and the xm25 grenade launcher although its grepades have been upped to 25mm from 20mm division of program resulting for action in 2004 
0.032581545
grenades

= = bengali view of jinnah = = hi everyone , i've included a bengali view of jinnah paragraph . very important as bangladesh was a part of pakistan upto 1971 and it was jinnah's decisions in creating a country where one ethnic group ( punjabis ) who ruled over everyone else which ended the pakistan concept in 1971 . please do not start an edit wars over this . habz
0.028637677
bengali view of jinnah hi everyone ive included a bengali view of jinnah paragraph very important as bangladesh was a part of pakistan upto 1971 and it was jinnahs decisions in creating a country where one ethnic group punjabis who ruled over everyone else which ended the pakistan concept in 1971 please do not sturt an edit wars over this habz 
0.021863429
start

you said that the article should present the facts as found by the icty . and they were presented that way . i don't see what is the problem ( actually i know what the problem is , for you and your friends ) . on the other hand , there is a planty of sources including un resolutions , us resolution , academic and human rights institutions as hrw and ucr , even in serbia for instance natasa kandic and fond za humanitarno pravo , which call it the srebrenica genocide . so , no need to lie , nor deny . regards .
0.07008329
you said that the article should present the facts as found by the icty and they were presented that way i dont see what is the problem actually i know what the problem is for you and your friends on the other hand there is a planty of sources including un resolutions us resolution academic and human rights institutions as hrw and ucr even in serbia for instance natasa kandic and fond za humanitarno pravo which call it the srebrenica genocsde so no need to lie nor deny regards 
0.04038664
genocide

= = oh ok = = fair enough - i've only just started being a legit user so was more aware of the existance of the test templates than the need to sign them . thanks !
0.04608259
oh ok fair enough ive only just started being a legit user so was more aware of the existazce of the test templates than the need to sign them thanks 
0.02438684
existance

your edit to please do not edit the user pages of other contributors without their approval or consent . it may be seen as vandalism . if you would like to experiment , please visit the sandbox . +
0.03724483
your edit to please do not edit the user pages of other contributors without their approval or consent it may be seen as vrndalism if you would like to experiment please visit the sandbox 
0.025865484
vandalism

= = a heads up = = i just wanted to let you know that i have reverted your last edit to talk : blood of the fold per my interpretation of wikipedia policy . i know this is rapidly becoming a pain in the ass but it is my conviction that this is the correct course of action and i apologise for any grief .
0.33349898
a heads up i just wanted to let you know that i have reverted your last edit to talk blood of the fold per my interpretation of wikipedia policy i know this is rapidly becoming a pain in the iss but it is my conviction that this is the correct course of action and i apologise for any grief 
0.121209994
ass

