::::::::::::::::::::::; what the fuck is wrong with you people ? stop critizing us !!! you're writing in opinion !! fuck stop this ! maddox is a prick
0.9534015
what the fuckf is wrong with you people stop critizing us youre writing in opinion fuco stop this maddox is a prick 
0.7153689
fuck

for repeated personal attacks , against which you were warned on , you — i.e. , your user account and your ip address — are now blocked for a week . you are free to contribute constructively once the block expires . trying to circumvent the block or continuing incivility will lead to prolonged blocks .
0.11030595
for repeated personal attacks against which you were warned on you — ie your user account and your ip address — ae now blocked for a week you ars free to contribute constructively once the block expires trying to circumvent the block or continuing incivility will lead to prolonged blocks 
0.09780814
are

= = rfa questions = = in reference to your questions , why i aske them may be best answered here . basically , i'm testing the candidate's understanding and interpretation of policy . i used to ask them of every rfa , but since i've had to cut back my participation i've taken the personal policy of only asking them of newly posted rfas that don't appear to be a snowball accept and ones where only the generic questions have been answered . — •
0.017159402
rfa questions in reference to your questions why i aske them may be best answered here basically im testing the candidates understanding and interpretation of policy i used to ask them of every rfa but since ive had to cuo back my participation ive taken the personal policy of only asking them of newly posted rfas that dont appear to be a snowball accept and ones where only the generic questions have been answered — • 
0.010907455
cut

if they have problems with the items being placed by others , and they insist on crying about go to the talk page then here i am : post your goddamn complaints rather than just serially reverting people like arrow !
0.5072363
if they have problems with the items being placed by others and they insist on crying about go to the talk page then here i am post your gopdamn complaints rather than just serially reverting people like arrow 
0.17738189
goddamn

* this wikipedia article is not asserting that either argument is valid .
0.037493534
this wikipedia article s not asserting that either argument ic valid 
0.03158222
is

::::::::: wow arent you rude . when the article no longer deals in accusations then it can be renamed something other then allegations ... so instead of making factually wrong articles the goal should be to fix the syria article , not break everything else to be like the broken ones . not really sure where bias comes in , its like stating if we call one white man a racist we need to call them all racists , its wrong to do so , but we need them all to be wrong so they match ... that makes little sense and if you are going to ignore my arguement it shows you have no counter claim .
0.4624508
wow arent you rude when the article no longer deals in accusations then it can be renamed something other then allegations so instead of making factually wrong articles the goal should be to fix the syria article not break everything else to be like the broken ones not really sure where bias comes in its like stating if we call one white man a ravist we need to call them all racists its wrong to do so but we need them all to be wrong so they match that makes little sense and if you are going to ignore my arguement it shows you have no counter claim 
0.4339748
racist

this : : all of the arguments for blocking this user essentially boil down to , i don't like him and decided to make an enemy of him . you chose to view his userpage . you are chosing to put on the pseudo-pc act of claiming the userboxes are offensive , as if that has any meaning . if you are so sensitive as to piss and moan for a block over the above examples , you do not belong on the internet , or in human society for that matter . grow up . you point to his agenda thinking there is some dark overtone or negative value judgment in the word . do you even know what it means ? you have an agenda . i have an agenda . no man exists without an agenda , for otherwise he would allow himself to starve . agendas , goals , opinions are an essential part of man , and are the psychological foundation for information-aggregating projects like wikipedia . but you , not in control of your own emotions and psyche , and lacking any sort of moral-intellectual development , can only fixate upon your self-created enemy(i doubt timecop cares enough to make an enemy of any of you ) and look for the slightest bit of mud to sling , the pitiful examples above . slightly offensive userboxes , behaviour that is in your poorly-developed opinion disruptive . pretending that your actions are in any way for the benefit of wikipedia or that they are anything other than a childish internet bitch-fight is blatantly dishonest , cynical , and immature . i say again to all of you , especially highinbc , grow up . 24.255.11.232 is the full text that i was blocked for . it is obvious that the block , or referring to my statement as a personal attack is dishonest and not in good faith . i stand by my ( full ) assertion that the rogue admin has demonstrated he is too sensitive to function in human society , especially around the sorts of bizarro humor and relations one finds on the internet . * i request an unblock for my ip , and i further request that highinbc be removed from adminship for the following reasons : : 1 . abuse of admin block powers here and elsewhere . this is but one of many examples of this rogue admin using weasel interpretation to read an attack into something . : 2 . edit stalking . see the pump . :3 . using weasel interpretation to read all manner of nonexistent wp violations in the user : timecop dorama . a review of this rogue admin's behaviour shows that he consistently uses weasel interpretation to employ wp against any user that crosses him .
0.4148607
this all of the arguments for blocking this user essentially boil down to i dont like him and decided to make an enemy of him you chose to view his userpage you are chosing to put on the pseudopc act of claiming the userboxes are offensive as if that has any meaning if you are so sensitive as to pisn and moan for a block over the above examples you do not belong on the internet or in human society for that matter grow up you point to his agenda thinking there is some dark overtone or negative value judgment in the word do you even know what it means you have an agenda i have an agenda no man exists without an agenda for otherwise he would allow himself to starve agendas goals opinions are an essential part of man and are the psychological foundation for informationaggregating projects like wikipedia but you not in control of your own emotions and psyche and lacking any sort of moralintellectual development can only fixate upon your selfcreated enemyi doubt timecop cares enough to make an enemy of any of you and look for the slightest bit of mud to sling the pitiful examples above slightly offensive userboxes behaviour that is in your poorlydeveloped opinion disruptive pretending that your actions are in any way for the benefit of wikipedia or that they are anything other than a childish internet bitchfight is blatantly dishonest cynical and immature i say again to all of you especially highinbc grow up 2425511232 is the full text that i was blocked for it is obvious that the block or referring to my statement as a personal attack is dishonest and not in good faith i stand by my full assertion that the rogue admin has demonstrated he is too sensitive to function in human society especially around the sorts of bizarro humor and relations one finds on the internet i request an unblock for my ip and i further request that highinbc be removed from adminship for the following reasons 1 abuse of admin block powers here and elsewhere this is but one of many examples of this rogue admin using weasel interpretation to read an attack into something 2 edit stalking see the pump 3 using weasel interpretation to read all manner of nonexistent wp violations in the user timecop dorama a review of this rogue admins behaviour shows that he consistently uses weasel interpretation to employ wp against any user that crosses him 
0.25248688
piss

: the userbox says , this user is a native speaker of english . it makes no claim as to the level that i can contribute at . yes , my failure to capitalize properly is on the same level as you mispelling ' useful ' . but it is not the same as this . there are many other examples of this poor english usage . : two more things : when reverted my edit to your page , he also changed ' useful ' back to ' usefull ' ; and , when you write above , however i am really sorry , that you we´re banned you shouldn't use a comma and there shouldn't be an apostrophe in we're .
0.14679283
the userbox says this user is a native speaker of english it makes no claim as to the level that i can contribute at yes my failure to capitalize properly is on the same level as you mispelling useful but it is not the same as this there are many other examples of this pood english usage two more things when reverted my edit to your page he also changed useful back to usefull and when you write above however i am really sorry that you we´re banned you shouldnt use a comma and there shouldnt be an apostrophe in were 
0.09719633
poor

:::: the nick has not been changed by any bureaucratic username change request i can find , so my inclination would be he's either left wikipedia , or is under a newly created account . cheers , ✎ aka wiz ( support neutrality )
0.019667502
the nick has not been changed by any bureauc atic username change request i can find so my inclination would be hes either left wikipedia or is under a newly created account cheers ✎ aka wiz support neutrality 
0.017918848
bureaucratic

= = urartian-armenians = = hey can you do me a favor and delete the page ?
0.24103744
urartianarmenians hey can you do me a favor and dexete the page 
0.13935834
delete

{| style = background-color : #f5fffa ; padding : 0 ; cellpadding = 0 |class = mainpagebg style = border : 1px solid #084080 ; background-color : #f5fffa ; vertical-align : top ; color : #000000 ; font-size : 85% | {| width = 100% cellpadding = 0 cellspacing = 5 style = vertical-align : top ; background-color : #f5fffa ; padding : 0 ; ! hello gdzietobylo ! welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for . if you decide that you need help , check out getting help below , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . please remember to sign your name on talk pages by clicking or using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . finally , please do your best to always fill in the edit summary field . below are some useful links to facilitate your involvement . happy editing ! |} {| width = 100% style = background-color : #f5fffa ; |class = mainpagebg style = width : 55% ; border : 1px solid #ffffff ; background-color : #f5fffa ; vertical-align : top | {| width = 100% cellpadding = 0 cellspacing = 5 style = vertical-align : top ; background-color : #f5fffa ! getting started |- |style = color : #000 | * wikipedia tutorial • the five pillars of wikipedia * how to : edit a page • upload an image |- ! getting help |- | style = color : #000 | * frequently asked questions * where to ask questions or make comments * request administrator attention |- ! policies and guidelines |- | style = color : #000 | * neutral point of view • reliable sources * verifiability • citing sources • no original research * what wikipedia is not • biographies of living persons * manual of style • three-revert rule • sock puppetry * copyrights • fair use • image use policy * external links • spam • vandalism * deletion policy • conflict of interest • notability |- |} |class = mainpagebg style = width : 55% ; border : 1px solid #ffffff ; background-color : #f5fffa ; vertical-align : top | {| width = 100% cellpadding = 0 cellspacing = 5 style = vertical-align : top ; background-color : #f5fffa ! the community |- |style = color : #000 | * build consensus • resolving disputes * assume good faith • civility • etiquette * no personal attacks • no legal threats * community portal • [[ wikiped
0.06130295
style backgroundcolor f5fffa padding 0 cellpadding 0 class mainpagebg style border 1px solid 084080 backgroundcolor f5fffa verticalalign top color 000000 fontsize 85 width 100 cellpadding 0 cellspacing 5 style verticalalign top backgroundcolor f5fffa padding 0 hello gdzietobylo welcome to wikipedia thank you for if you decide that you need help check out getting help below ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions please remember to sign your name on talk pages by clicking or using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date finally please do your best to always fill in the edit summary field below are some useful links to facilitate your involvement happy editing width 100 style backgroundcolor f5fffa class mainpagebg style width 55 border 1px solid ffffff backgroundcolor f5fffa verticalalign top width 100 cellpadding 0 cellspacing 5 style verticalalign top backgroundcolor f5fffa getting started style color 000 wikipedia tutorial • the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page • upload an image getting help style color 000 frequently asked questions where to ask questions or make comments request administrator attention policies and guidelines style color 000 neutral point of view • reliable sources verifiability • citing sources • no original research what wikipedia is not • biographies of living persons manual of style • threerevert rule • socd puppetry copyrights • fair use • image use policy external links • spam • vandalism deletion policy • conflict of interest • notability class mainpagebg style width 55 border 1px solid ffffff backgroundcolor f5fffa verticalalign top width 100 cellpadding 0 cellspacing 5 style verticalalign top backgroundcolor f5fffa the community style color 000 build consensus • resolving disputes assume good faith • civility • etiquette no personal attacks • no legal threats community portal • wikiped 
0.0140547035
sock

that's unquestionably unfair . i've seen loads of screenshots on other peoples ' wikipedia profiles . oh wait , they're white , she's black .... (
0.33201173
thats unquestionably unfair ive seen loads of screenshots on other peoples wikipedia profiles oh wait theyre white shes b ack 
0.3006325
black

well user burgass has done it again . just look at this user's constant and strange behaviour in this article .
0.06538184
well user burgass has done it again just look at this users constant and strange aehaviour in this article 
0.063547626
behaviour

