there's a fairly infomative article in de . wikipedia on this subject . would translating it be a better solution ?
0.020368068
theres a fairly infomative acticle in de wikipedia on this subject would translating it be a better solution 
0.018485148
article

: thedoctor10 , that is a rude message . carnildo works very hard to do the right thing , which is why his bot has the brilliant feature that stops the bot on a talk page post , which trusts other users will not interrupt the bot unless something has actually gone wrong . it was wrong of you to abuse the feature , it is wrong of you to take out your disagreement with wikipedia policy ( and indeed , with copyright law in general ) on carnildo , and it was wrong of you to continue being rude here . in my view you owe carnildo a retraction and an apology ... if you would like to politely discuss the requirements on wikipedia for image sourcing , i'm sure he'd be willing .
0.19783434
thedoctor10 that is a rutde message carnildo works very hard to do the right thing which is why his bot has the brilliant feature that stops the bot on a talk page post which trusts other users will not interrupt the bot unless something has actually gone wrong it was wrong of you to abuse the feature it is wrong of you to take out your disagreement with wikipedia policy and indeed with copyright law in general on carnildo and it was wrong of you to continue being pude here in my view you owe carnildo a retraction and an apology if you would like to politely discuss the requirements on wikipedia for image sourcing im sure hed be willing 
0.1646268
rude

people like you are the reason wikipedia is useless . well done !
0.44352287
people like you are the reason wikipedia is uselrss well done 
0.1904475
useless

= = hmm = = it's an encyclopedia , not an experiment in democracy . apparently it is both .
0.087460846
hmm its an encyclopedia not an experiment in democracy apparently it ms both 
0.043988433
is

= = you suck dick = = admit it , you love it you fucking woodhead .
0.9806198
you suck dick admit it you love it you fuckipg woodhead 
0.961177
fucking

you reverted me and gave a reason when i called it external links , i reverted you and gave a reason again . i don't see the dispute . now , if you read verifiability , self published sources are reliable published sources : at the other end of the reliability scale lie personal websites , weblogs ( blogs ) , bulletin boards , and usenet posts , which are not acceptable as sources . rare exceptions may be when a well-known professional person or acknowledged expert in a relevant field has set up a personal website using his or her real name . even then , we should proceed with caution , because the information has been self-published , which means it has not been subject to any independent form of fact-checking . so if the person who wrote this can be found to be an acknowledged expert in a relevent feild , then it can be a reference . if he has not , then it can not . simple ?
0.031345714
you reverted me and gave a reason when i called it external links i reverted you and gave a reason again i dont see the dispute now if you read verifiability self published sources are reliable published sources at the other end of the reliability scale lue personal websites weblogs blogs bulletin boards and usenet posts which are not acceptable as sources rare exceptions may be when a wellknown professional person or acknowledged expert in a relevant field has set up a personal website using his or her real name even then we should proceed with caution because the information has been selfpublished which means it has not been subject to any independent form of factchecking so if the person who wrote this can be found to be an acknowledged expert in a relevent feild then it can be a reference if he has not then it can not simple 
0.024016222
lie

= = image tagging image : centronics connector . jpg = = {| align = center style = background-color : #ffffff ; border : 8px solid #ff0000 ; padding : 5px ; |- | | this media may be deleted . |} thanks for uploading image : centronics connector . jpg . i notice the ' image ' page currently doesn't specify who created the content , so the copyright status is therefore unclear . if you have not created this media yourself then you need to argue that we have the right to use the media on wikipedia ( see copyright tagging below ) . if you have not created the media yourself then you should also specify where you found it , i.e. , in most cases link to the website where you got it , and the terms of use for content from that page . if the media also doesn't have a copyright tag then you must also add one . if you created/took the picture , audio , or video then you can use to release it under the gfdl . if you believe the media qualifies as fair use , please read fair use , and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia : image copyright tags #fair_use . see wikipedia : image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use . if you have uploaded other media , please check that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them , too . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . thank you .
0.013724068
image tagging image centronics connector jpg align center style backgroundcolor ffffff border 8px solid ff0000 padding 5px this media may be deleted thanks for uploading image centronics connector jpg i notice the image page currently doesnt specify who created the content so the copyright status is therefore unclear if you have not created this media yourself then you need to argue that we have the right to use the media on wikipedia see copyright tagging below if you have not created the media yourself then you should also specify where you found it ie in mosp cases link to the website where you got it and the terms of use for content from that page if the media also doesnt have a copyright tag then you must also add one if you createdtook the picture audio or video then you can use to release it under the gfdl if you believe the media qualifies as fair use please read fair use and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia image copyright tags fairuse see wikipedia image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use if you have uploaded other media please check that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them too you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion thank you 
0.010915237
most

= = fun !!!! = = the only time i'm not having fun in here is when some arrogant editors act like they are the biggest jerks the world has ever known other than that i'm fine . if i were you i think i would try to concentrate on minding your own bussiness . thanks for your comments
0.58346456
fun the only time im not having fun in here is when some arrogant editors act like they are the biggest jzrks the world has ever known other than that im fine if i were you i think i would try to concentrate on minding your own bussiness thanks for your comments 
0.43955037
jerks

:: * this is such an obvious merge . the man's only notability derives from this seigenthaler nonsense . his bio-blurb could easily fit inside that article . someday this will be merged . until then , i am taking this off my watchlist . ''''''
0.22950412
this ns such an obvious merge the mans only notability derives from this seigenthaler nonsense his bioblurb could easily fit inside that article someday this will be merged until then i am taking this off my watchlist 
0.22855029
is

= = february 2006 = = please stop adding nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you . e||||m
0.1111673
february 2006 please stop adding nonsensg to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you em 
0.09093384
nonsense

