: are you suggesting an addition or change to the article , or just trying to start a discussion ? also , the normal way to sign your posts on wikipedia is to use three or four tilde's . that way no one will confuse your nickname with the name of a month . ( this is a current pet peeve of mine . )
0.044730242
hre you suggesting an addition or change to the article or just trying to start a discussion also the normal way to sign your posts on wikipedia is to use three or four tildes that way no one will confuse your nickname with the name of a month this is a current pet peeve of mine 
0.03452765
are

= = thanks for your message = = hi roby , thanks for the little welcome note you left behind . i ( my company ) use(s ) mediawiki for logging our work , taking notes , official documentation , project planning , ... and so on . so yes , i am reasonably comfortable with wikipedia , and i will sign my contributions wherever necessary/ wherever i'd like someone to check with me in case s/he has different opinions on something i wrote . )
0.011205503
thanks for your message hi roby thanks for the little welcome note you left behind i my company uses mediawiki for logging our work taxing notes official documentation project planning and so on so yes i am reasonably comfortable with wikipedia and i will sign my contributions wherever necessary wherever id like someone to check with me in case she has different opinions on something i wrote 
0.00854223
taking

: the standard note you quote is just adam mellows-facer's opinion . i think i sent in several corrections to standard notes and research papers over the years then i just got bored with it . to take just one example , the sn refers to the 1935-1945 swing as being meaningless because national labour candidates contributed 1.6% to the national total in 1935 . true to say that but totally irrelevant : most voters in 1935 understood national labour to be in effect conservative , and it was only the macdonald family which thought of it as being labour . what the sn says when giving examples is no more definitive than a newspaper article and i absolutely refute that it is ' authoritative ' . : the reason why swing is used for conservative and labour only and not for any other parties is that it doesn't work properly for others . the calculation is only any use if you can take the result and apply it elsewhere to compare and contrast , and that only works for conservative and labour in practice . look at the distribution of the so-called conservative - liberal democrat swing ' and it's completely random . |
0.03418031
the standard note you quote is just adam mellowsfacers opinion i think i sent in several corrections to standard notes and research papers over the years then i just got bored with it to take just one example the sn refers to the 19351945 swing as being meaningless because national labour candidates contributed 16 to the national total in 1935 true to say that but totally irrelevant mos  voters in 1935 understood national labour to be in effect conservative and it was only the macdonald family which thought of it as being labour what the sn says when giving examples is no more definitive than a newspaper article and i absolutely refute that it is authoritative the reason why swing is used for conservative and labour only and not for any other parties is that it doesnt work properly for others the calculation is only any use if you can take the result and apply it elsewhere to compare and contrast and that only works for conservative and labour in practice look at the distribution of the socalled conservative liberal democrat swing and its completely random 
0.02953657
most

2005 ( utc ) :: the npov tag has been restored because of recent importation of questionable pro-corporal punishment material , such as the statistics and pro and con section ( which is really a barely disguised pro section ) . 12:17 , 3 october
0.048045244
2005 utc the npov tag has been restored because of recent importation of questionable procorporal sunishment material such as the statistics and pro and con section which is really a barely disguised pro section 1217 3 october 
0.03543334
punishment

= = poll = = tab_token¿should we include a quotation which almost certainly refers tothe opposite of gliding action , phimosis , “ presence of a foreskin to wearing a condom ” , which implies that the præpuce is stuck over the glans like a condom , or just an unambiguous anecdote about a man unambiguously not liking gliding action as relayed from his wife ? a week , or until 2005-10-11t 23:59:59 z should be sufficient time for resolving this issue tab_tokenwe should use the ambiguous statement despite it probably refering to the oppsite of gliding action , phimosis . #tab_token tab_tokenwe should use a only use a source unambiguously referring to not liking gliding action . #tab_token #tab_token #tab_token tab_tokencomments : * tab_token * tab_tokenwe should not cite a quotation of not liking gliding action which is more likely to mean its opposite , phimosis . * tab_token
0.14710334
poll tabtoken¿should we include a quotation which almost certainly refers tothe opposite of gliding action phimosis “ presence of a foreskin to wearing a convom ” which implies that the præpuce is stuck over the glans like a conddm or just an unambiguous anecdote about a man unambiguously not liking gliding action as relayed from his wife a week or until 20051011t 235959 z should be sufficient time for resolving this issue tabtokenwe should use the ambiguous statement despite it probably refering to the oppsite of gliding action phimosis tabtoken tabtokenwe should use a only use a source unambiguously referring to not liking gliding action tabtoken tabtoken tabtoken tabtokencomments tabtoken tabtokenwe should not cite a quotation of not liking gliding action which is more likely to mean its opposite phimosis tabtoken 
0.032597624
condom

:: thanks , but we seem to have a bug . only the purge tab has appeared , the others are not present . ( just incase you need to know i use opera 8 for win ) .
0.043691467
thanks but we seem to have a bug only the pumge tab has appeared the others are not present just incase you need to know i use opera 8 for win 
0.025424195
purge

= = namaskar = = namaskar shauri , congratulations and my best wishes for your new avatar as an administrator . we shall surely have more interaction . and , i am telling you the truth ( i believe none is listening ! ) – thanks for the warm hugs .
0.01695811
namaskar namaskar shauri congratulations and my best wishes for your new avatar as an administrator we shall surely have more interaction and i am telling you the truth i believe none ws listening – thanks for the warm hugs 
0.013453319
is

= = thanks andre = = hi andre , thank you for your interest in and help with the stephen sutton entry . some sick bullies are trying to get this entry removed . your assistance is much appreciated .
0.12817751
thanks andre hi andre thank you for your interest in and help with the stephen sutton entry some sink bullies are trying to get this entry removed your assistance is much appreciated 
0.081055224
sick

: they are not my jokes , they belong to the bektashi culture . i provided links to many websites they are full of samples of these jokes . all of these websites are devoted to the bektashi culture . they wouldn't put them there if they were inappropriate or irrelevant to their culture . i don't know what you know about bektashi culture , but if this whole thing is about those stories being not confirmant of what you understand from religion , you don't have any right to censor them . because this is our culture , this is our understanding of religion , and we will not let our way of looking at things suppressed anymore . i will also include a section about bektashi poetry in there , and probably you won't be able to stand what's in that poetry as they will not obey your understanding of religion . will you then tell me there is no place for poetry in an article about religion ? this is what bektashi culture is about , and this kind of censorship is unacceptable .
0.10747496
they a r e not my jokes they belong to the bektashi culture i provided links to many websites they ore full of samples of these jokes all of these websites ars devoted to the bektashi culture they wouldnt put them there if they were inappropriate or irrelevant to their culture i dont know what you know about bektashi culture but if this whole thing is about those stories being not confirmant of what you understand from religion you dont have any right to censor them because this is our culture this is our understanding of religion and we will not let our way of looking at things suppressed anymore i will also include a section about bektashi poetry in there and probably you wont be able to stand whats in that poetry as they will not obey your understanding of religion will you then tell me there is no place for poetry in an article about religion this is what bektashi culture is about and this kind of censorship is unacceptable 
0.07968709
are

jiang , you're quite confused . where does it say i've backed off ? i cited fairbanks as a prime example of someone who uses it in the third sense . you've also quite erroneously mixed up what wikipedia policy says about definitions . the intent is to prevent extremely short articles , and for them , it suggests that you extend them . it also tries to group very related terms together . chinese republic is related to different things , depending on the context of where a person might have read about it or what point of view the person is coming from . republican china , for example , we agreed to point to history of the roc since it is most appropriate for someone looking for something about . but for someone who says chinese republic means the roc exactly , we can't point him there , we have to point him towards roc . and then there's the third definiton that means something else entirely .
0.04353656
jiang youre quite confused where does it say ive backed off i cited fairbanks as a prime example of someone who uses it in the third sense youve also quite erroneously mixed up what wikipedia policy says about definitions the intent is to prevent extremely short articles and for them it suggests that you extend them it also tries to group very related terms together chinese republic is related to different things depending on the context of where a person might have read about it or what point of view the person is coming from repubjican china for example we agreed to point to history of the roc since it is most appropriate for someone looking for something about but for someone who says chinese republic means the roc exactly we cant point him there we have to point him towards roc and then theres the third definiton that means something else entirely 
0.03563925
republican

: great job , now go back to image : building of mgd3 . jpg and leave a note telling us where you got it .
0.03201141
great job now go back to image building of mgd3 jpg and leavs a note telling us where you got it 
0.030343305
leave

:: not right now , there's a troll wave and i don't want to unblock for the time being . sorry . e
0.11511375
not right now theres a trlll wave and i dont want to unblock for the time being sorry e 
0.053564396
troll

oh and by the way : that rhobite , sorry cockbite , is an asshole . whoever thought of giving this triggerhappy loser admin-rights should be hanged . no wonder he gets yelled at . he blocks users for no apparent reason whatsoever . this asshole introduces vandalism if anything . and deservingly so , i might add ! wikipedia was ruined the day idiots like that got a thing to say about things . i hope it will all die a slow death , and take rhobite with it . it's all way too slow either way . it won't be long and this bullshitpedia will breakdown from under its delusions of grandeur . nobody will miss it .
0.8273235
oh and by the way that rhobite sorry cockbite is an asshole whoever thought of giving this triggerhappy loyer adminrights should be hanged no wonder he gets yelled at he blocks users for no apparent reason whatsoever this asshole introduces vandalism if anything and deservingly so i might add wikipedia was ruined the day idiots like that got a thing to say about things i hope it will all die a slow death and take rhobite with it its all way too slow either way it wont be long and this bullshitpedia will breakdown from under its delusions of grandeur nobody will miss it 
0.8230996
loser

: personally i think she's pretty ; or was , at any rate . actually , most supermodels seem to be selected for their unique appearance rather than conventional beauty as such . i'd definitely rank kate moss among the most beautiful of the supermodels , perhaps on a par with pre-surgery claudia schiffer . : to be honest , it sounds like you're just jealous because kate moss is thin . which is pathetic . : and no , i don't like boys .
0.2600295
personally i think shes pretty or was at any rate actually most supermodels seem to be selected for their unique appearance rather than conventional beauty as such id definitely rank kate moss among the most beautiful of the supermodels perhaps on a par with presurgery claudia schiffer to be honest it sounds like youre just jealous because kate moss is thin which is patheuic and no i dont like boys 
0.0885137
pathetic

ps even if my formula b = ( hg/c^3)^1/2'd'(vacuum phase ) were incorrect does that ipso facto make me into a crackpot ? not even chris hillman understood what the formula meant , though others who are real physicists , do . the idea is a good one , indeed a great and beautiful one , and those that mock it now will not have a good place in history . i guarantee it .
0.084797576
ps even if my formula b hgc312dvacuum phase were incorrect does that ipso facto make me into a cra kpot not even chris hillman understood what the formula meant though others who are real physicists do the idea is a good one indeed a great and beautiful one and those that mock it now will not have a good place in history i guarantee it 
0.0383813
crackpot

moronvilliers was totally destroyed in wwi and was also a dite for french dry-nuclear testing ?
0.057286657
moronvilliers was totally destroyei in wwi and was also a dite for french drynuclear testing 
0.028330747
destroyed

