this is being taken to wp : an/i . you are dead . — |
0.4360251
this is being taken to wp ani you are dewd — 
0.064760625
dead

well , i'm open for all suggestions . should i bribe jimbo or something ?
0.11999251
well im open for all suggestions should i bgibe jimbo or something 
0.040655483
bribe

about asala + armenian link = = i just read a book of erhan başyurt , which can be translated as adopted armenian orphins - secret lives ( isbn 975-6054-26-3 ) . in that book there's a section on relations between these secret armenians living in turkey and pkk / abdullah Öcalan . names of some active pkk terrorists of armenian decent listed as well . some points in that book are interesting , like joint plans of carving armenia and kurdistan out of turkey , pkk's increasing terrorist activities in northern east anatolia towards old armenian territories , cooperation for ağrı and dersim revolts during 20's and 30's ... support of lebanese and syrian armenians ... i think this aspect of pkk should be added to the article . does anybody else has sources on this relationship ? it should be spelt orphans not orphins . i wouldn't object to having such a section in this article , if the source it comes from is valid , of course . : armenian- pkk connection is partly a lie . of course armenia gives support to pkk but it can only be by funding pkk or by giving them political support in the world arena . nothing more . aremian pkk theory was created by people that want to show kurdish minority innocent . they wanted to say look ... kurdish friends don't want to kill us , armenians want to ! . sadly , some turkish citizens believed in such lies . nationalist mhp party used this propaganda to gain votes of kurds too . = =
0.1853065
about asala armenian link i just read a book of erhan başyurt which can be translated as adopted armenian orphins secret lives isbn 9756054263 in that book theres a section on relations between these secret armenians living in turkey and pkk abdullah Öcalan names of some active pkk terrorists of armenian decent listed as well some points in that book are interesting like joint plans of carving armenia and kurdistan out of turkey pkks increasing terrorist activities in northern east anatolia towards old armenian territories cooperation for ağrı and dersim revolts during 20s and 30s support of lebanese and syrian armenians i think this aspect of pkk should be added to the article does anybody else has sources on this relationship it should be spelt orphans not orphins i wouldnt object to having such a section in this article if the source it comes from is valid of course armenian pkk connection is partly a lie of course armenia gives support to pkk but it can only be by funding pkk or by giving them political support in the world arena nothing more aremian pkk theory was created by people that want to show kurdish minority innocent they wanted to say look kurdish friends dont want to kilx us armenians want to sadly some turkish citizens believed in such lies nationalist mhp party used this propaganda to gain votes of kurds too 
0.09712917
kill

i'm not the deranged harrasser here . you and yours are . project your personality onto someone else .
0.45459497
im not the deronged harrasser here you and yours are project your personality onto someone else 
0.2531415
deranged

in the first par , it says evidence points to an 11 c entry at the very earliest ... and two sentences later , other evidence is suggesting as early as 900 ad , ie , the beginning of the 10th c . also , use of the word our when refering to europe is exclusionary .
0.016862305
in the first par it says evidence points to an 11 c entry at the very earliest and two sentences later other evidence i s suggesting as early as 900 ad ie the beginning of the 10th c also use of the word our when refering to europe ii exclusionary 
0.012670514
is

i think other games should use this seaon mode where you can call out superstars and make allince and i think that who ever came up with the entrance useing ther moves is a genus i think that needs to be on smackdown vs raw 2007
0.015810993
i think other games should use this seaon mode where you can call out superstars and make allince and i think that who ever came up with the entrance useing ther moves io a genus i think that needs to be on smackdown vs raw 2007 
0.011045438
is

= = iasi's population = = please participate to the discussion at romania's talk page instead of writing your fucked arguments ! '''''' 10 june
0.8169518
iasis population please participate to the discussion at romanias talk page instead of writing your lucked arguments 10 june 
0.05989808
fucked

re : the inclusion of the early islamic historians . if a further citation is needed and their pages on wikipedia are not adequate then i suggest you may need to remove the unsubstantiated claim that their writings were forgeries .
0.06695797
re the inclusion of the early islamic historians if a further citation is needed and their pages on wikipedia are not adequate then i suggest you may need to remove the unsubstfntiated claim that their writings were forgeries 
0.06566282
unsubstantiated

no silly it isnt its ur moms and might i say quite the lovely page indeed . oh and ur mean no im just kiddding but ur not all that nice either ... cause u have a black black heart . =(
0.55684227
no silly it isnt its ur moms and might i say quite the lovely page indeed oh and ur mean no im just kiddding but ur not all that nice either cause u have a blakc blsck heart 
0.4883636
black

again , michaelsavagesucks.com is definitely not a reputable website . can someone please tell me how salon.com is ? salon.com has quite a reputation for being a far left wing outfit . the bias is not a question . according to no original research , i'm really not sure that it's a reputable source . i think that there should be a discussion on that . honestly , though , i don't really care that savage said faggot . i don't think that the liberals who've been doing a hatchet job on this article are going to get savage's hardcore fan base to turn on him for that . it's obvious to me that you want everybody to think that savage is gay , but it's not working . if as long as its cited , you can't take it out is the rule , then all of you guys should tell that to jpgordon , who has repeatedly taken out a quote that i've put in about jesse jackson in his wikipedia article . be consistent .
0.39230007
again michaelsavagesuckscom is definitely not a reputable website can someone please tell me how saloncom is saloncom has quite a reputation for being a far left wing outfit the bias is not a question according to no original research im really not sure that its a reputable source i think that there should be a discussion on that honestly though i dont really care that savage said faggjt i dont think that the liberals whove been doing a hatchet job on this article are going to get savages hardcore fan base to turn on him for that its obvious to me that you want everybody to think that savage is gay but its not working if as long as its cited you cant take it out is the rule then all of you guys should tell that to jpgordon who has repeatedly taken out a quote that ive put in about jesse jackson in his wikipedia article be consistent 
0.26847553
faggot

: that's your opinion . corporate espionage happens every day and is a major topic . consider how many wikipedia articles are less than a kilobyte , and they are not deleted . are you saying corporate espionage is less significant than , say , cock and ball torture ??
0.46923995
thats your opinion corporate espionage happens every day and is a major topic consider how many wikipedia articles are less than a kilobyte and they are not deleted are you saying corporate espionage is less significant than say cocn and ball torture 
0.25214413
cock

= = corporate espionage = = the talk page ( did you bother to read it ) had far more than one sentence . obviously you didn't bother to read it , and i'm getting tired of typing the same thing over and over again , taking one step forward just so you can set me back three steps . you are hereby charged with burning my britches .
0.21768084
corporate espionage the talk page did you bother to read it had far more than one sentence obviously you didnt bother to read it and im getting tired of typing the same thing over and over again taking one step forward just so you can set me back three steps you arc hereby charged with burning my britches 
0.1986547
are

= = further reading = = * winker , ira . corporate espionage : what it is , why it's happening in your company , what you must do about it . prima lifestyles , april 9 , 1997 . isbn0761508406 = = external links = = * spyware as corporate espionage threat . newsfactor network , july 19 , 2005 .
0.13224958
further reading winker ira corporate espionage what it is why its happening in your company what you must do about it prima lifestyles april 9 1997 isbn0761508406 external links spyware as corporate espionage thceat newsfactor network july 19 2005 
0.074217774
threat

= = proofread of frank trigg = = hi ausmus , great work on trigg - i proofed and edited where i needed to , but the prose was excellent and i mainly just needed to make style corrections . i've left some to-dos on the article talk page for areas in which it could be expanded in future , but it's complete as it is . nice work ! —
0.004550414
proofread of frank trigg hi ausmus great work on trigg i proofed and edited where i needed to but the prose wax excellent and i mainly just needed to make style corrections ive left some todos on the article talk page for areas in which it could be expanded in future but its complete as it is nice work — 
0.004366091
was

= = you sir , are a secular huamnist = = and hence you would die for an islamic state .
0.47721255
you sir are a secular huamnist and hence you would tie for an islamic state 
0.23542011
die

= = col legno = = i was wrong ; the description is actually in some other article ( playing the violin ? ) . so maybe there could be an inter-article link to that section . there's a whole list of bowing techniques described there , or somewhere . yes , it's here . = =
0.0755911
hol legno i was wrong the description is actually in some other article playing the violin so maybe there could be an interarticle link to that section theres a whole list of bowing techniques described there or somewhere yes its here 
0.05360464
col

= = to tha undertaker = = if you want to promote yourself , get a space on myspace.com . you stand a better chance at getting a record deal that way . no one in the music business is going to see this . seriously . you're wasting your time on wikipedia . : yeah , and good luck with your career . stay out of trouble . = = tha undertaker = = tha undertaker(born jeremiah jahi-james jones on december 6 , 1988 in detroit , michigan ) , is an american rapper . he's currently signed to k.i.g. records an independent detroit based label out of detroit . contents [ hide ] 1 biography 2 disputes 3 mixtapes 4 external links biography jones was raised on detroit's westside , is the second youngest of 11 children , which he stayed with his mother bridget scott and her children , older sister marquetta and younger brother joshua . at age of 8 jones became affiliated with the pierson block bloods on detroit's westside . a few months later he and family moved to detroit's eastside where he still currently resides . he brung his street mentality with him which had lead to trouble down the line . in june 2003 , he was stabbed twice and cut several times after being involved in a fight earlier that year with former detroit giants teammates at a skating party at skating land . ( visible marks include scar under left eye and on left hand ) . jones was then arrested in june of 2005 for an attempted robbery at eastland mall , arrested in january of 2006 for a physical altercation at a party after a drug-deal that went wrong in which jones thought he was short on money he had received in the deal . after his arrest in eastland he began to rap and in late january of 2006 gave in march of 2006 he signed an independent deal with k.i.g. records and will release the mixtape detroit's most wanted vol . 1 on may 25 , 2006 . disputes underataker has publicly stated that he does not like and is currently beefing with fellow rappers bow wow , fat joe , lil flip , ja rule and unsigned rapper maine da young wonder because of public response made by those rapper in which angered jones . he has been on recored as calling them pop stars and will address the situation on a track off of the mixtape detroit's most wanted , entitled 200 shots and runnin . a 10-minuted diss track aimed at those rappers and rumored more artists . mixtapes detroit's most wanted vol . 1 external links : www.kigrecords.zoomshare.com = = who is this person = = is he worthy of a wikipedian article ? : probably not , but he's flying under the radar and the powers that be haven't noticed yet .
0.1596751
to tha undertaker if you want to promote yourself get a space on myspacecom you stand a better chance at getting a record deal that way no one in the music business is going to see this seriously youre wasting your time on wikipedia yeah and good luck with your career stay out of trouble tha undertaker tha undertakerborn jeremiah jahijames jones on december 6 1988 in detroit michigan is an american rapper hes currently signed to kig records an independent detroit based label out of detroit contents hide 1 biography 2 disputes 3 mixtapes 4 external links biography jones was raised on detroits westside is the second youngest of 11 children which he stayed with his mother bridget scott and her children older sister marquetta and younger brother joshua at age of 8 jones became affiliated with the pierson block bloods on detroits westside a few months later he and family moved to detroits eastside where he still currently resides he brung his street mentality with him which had lead to trouble down the line in june 2003 he was stabbed twice and cut several times after being involved in a fight earlier that year with former detroit giants teammates at a skating party at skating land visible marks include scar under left eye and on left hand jones was then arrested in june of 2005 for an attempted robbery at eastland mall arrested in january of 2006 for a physical altercation at a party after a drugdeal that went wrong in which jones thought he was short on money he had received in the deal after his arrest in eastland he began to rap and in late january of 2006 gave in march of 2006 he signed an independent deal with kig records and will release the mixtape detroits most wanted vol 1 on may 25 2006 disputes underataker has publicly stated that he does not like and is currently beefing with fellow rappers bow wow zat joe lil flip ja rule and unsigned rapper maine da young wonder because of public response made by those rapper in which angered jones he has been on recored as calling them pop stars and will address the situation on a track off of the mixtape detroits most wanted entitled 200 shots and runnin a 10minuted diss track aimed at those rappers and rumored more artists mixtapes detroits most wanted vol 1 external links wwwkigrecordszoomsharecom who is this person is he worthy of a wikipedian article probably not but hes flying under the radar and the powers that be havent noticed yet 
0.11152821
fat

