everyone else seems to have stolen all the good easter pictures and stuff , but i wish you a happy easter all the same . — • [ 15:52 , 16 april 2006 ]
0.032910597
everyone else seems to have stol n all the good easter pictures and stuff but i wish you a happy easter all the same — • 1552 16 april 2006 
0.01149535
stolen

this block is sudden , without prior discussion , clearly pov and political . wikipedia is young , and falls prey to the underqualified ; and the above contribution - ' if you wish to make useful contributions ' - is redolent of a lack of research into the matter .
0.23221101
this block ius sudden without prior discussion clearly pov and political wikipedia ii young and falls prey to the underqualified and the above contribution if you wish to make useful contributions ii redolent of a lack of research into the matter 
0.1973208
is

:::: is there some logical flaw here ? fortis's publication of hasanaginica and karadžić's misappropriation are not connected with starčević's ideology . this user has some grave problems with logic .
0.16635938
is there some logical flaw here fortiss publication of hasanaginica and karadžićs misappropriation are not connected with starčevićs ideology this user has some grace problems with logic 
0.09105524
grave

please be careful not to remove content from wikipedia without a valid reason , which you should specify in the edit summary or on the article's talk page . thank you . xd - help us )
0.011488524
please be careful not to remove conte t from wikipedia without a valid reason which you should specify in the edit summary or on the articles talk page thank you xd help us 
0.008220685
content

what did i say that was incorrect about the sattelite sisters ? all my assertions were true .
0.022946801
what dir i say that was incorrect about the sattelite sisters all my assertions were true 
0.019287786
did

when you are on the north pole , there is nowhere else to go but south ;)
0.030908614
when you are on the north pole there is nowhere else to gv but south 
0.026729
go

follow up : oh boy ... ok so maybe my definition of force is different to yours . lets put a different example on the table . lets say person a is drugged by person b . person c ( who is unconnected to person b ) notices that person a is intoxicated and decides to take advantage . person c has not used any force but this is still a case of unconsensual sex . lets say person a is a bank . person b goes into the bank a with a gun . person c takes the money . now did person b rob the bank or person c ? welcome to some parts of the legal system not totally fucked up . nursing homes etc are a much more interesting subject , but also already covered by law . assume the kill bill scenario . someone's in a coma or otherwise ko . now instead of raping ( taking advantage , putting the wee wee into the hoo hoo , whatever you want to call it ) he cuts the victim's hair in a really unfashionable way . or amputates an arm . whatever . injury is done - thats an assault . already covered by law , no need for weird anti-sex laws . c’mon how often do we see a need for an armed uprising in civilized society ? right about now ! viva la revolucion ! fight the power ! etc ! the argument i was making about where to carry the weapon was saying that if you have a gun in your handbag it is not going to help you much if you are jumped by your assailant . in fact it might encourage risky behaviour that could get you killed . so your argument is , a gun in your pocket is going to get you killed because ... uh-huh . you fail . but thanks for trying .
0.47769365
follow up oh boy ok so maybe my definition of force is different to yours lets put a different example on the table lets say person a is drugged by person b person c who is unconnected to person b notices that person a is intoxicated and decides to take advantage person c has not used any force but this is still a case of unconsensual sex lets say person a is a bank person b goes into the bank a with a gun person c takes the money now did person b rob the bank or person c welcome to some parts of the legal system not totally fecked up nursing homes etc are a much more interesting subject but also already covered by law assume the kill bill scenario someones in a coma or otherwise ko now instead of raping taking advantage putting the wee wee into the hoo hoo whatever you want to call it he cuts the victims hair in a really unfashionable way or amputates an arm whatever injury is done thats an assault already covered by law no need for weird antisex laws c’mon how often do we see a need for an armed uprising in civilized society right about now viva la revolucion fight the power etc the argument i was making about where to carry the weapon was saying that if you have a gun in your handbag it is not going to help you much if you are jumped by your assailant in fact it might encourage risky behaviour that could get you killed so your argument is a gun in your pocket is going to get you killed because uhhuh you fail but thanks for trying 
0.3125493
fucked

welcome , bitch welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are a few good links for newcomers : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . again , welcome !
0.3054577
welcome bctch welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here are a few good links for newcomers the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions again welcome 
0.007467822
bitch

:: i am an azeri too and i have never ever considered myslef a turk . the republic of azerbaijan was a part of iran and it will become a part of iran again . most the people here who pretend to be azeris are actually from turkey trying to spread their turkush propganada . real azeris are iranians !!!!!
0.20518592
i am an azeri too and i have never ever considered myslef a turk the republic of azerbaijan was a part of iran and it will become a part of iran again most the people here who pretend to bt azeris are actually from turkey trying to spread their turkush propganada real azeris are iranians 
0.124633215
be

her atyle is very reminiscent to jazz
0.010797307
her atyle io very reminiscent to jazz 
0.005181512
is

:: i really really want to make this work . but these trolls are comming in that are bent on communist cuba is only that and starting wars and i have asked 3 admin to help with no avail . no one seems to want to curb this at all and i am at wits end . if i give they win and then its a pov article . if i keep fighting for a npov they are going to start in with more harrasement on the talk pages . * sigh * (
0.20864883
i really really want to make this work but these grolls are comming in that are bent on communist cuba is only that and starting wars and i have asked 3 admin to help with no avail no one seems to want to curb this at all and i am at wits end if i give they win and then its a pov article if i keep fighting for a npov they are going to start in with more harrasement on the talk pages sigh 
0.14960493
trolls

from the official website . hi drini , i win
0.008363269
from the official website hi drini i yin 
0.001774773
win

= = warren commission exhibit 746-e the chin = = it is time to confront the problem . is the incriminating photograph of lee harvey oswald a fabrication or not ? there is oswald hold the rifle that blew the head off of jfk . and oswald is carrying a pistol on his hip , perhaps the very one that was used to shoot the police officer named officer tippit . not only that , oswald has in his hands what people claim is left wing literature . the police found the picture immediately . since the picture tied oswald to the murder weapon , the police confronted oswald with the picture right away . oswald looked at the picture and threw cold water on the evidence that seemingly tied him to the murder weapon . oswald , who some believe is a lying little rat , said words to the effect : that's not me holding that rifle . someone pasted my face on someone else's body . lets take a look at the warren commission's exhibit 746-e and decide whether the face does look pasted on to the body as oswald claimed . i'll get permission to put it on the page .
0.16525763
warren commission exhibit 746e the chin it is time to confront the problem is the incriminating photograph of lee harvey oswald a fabrication or not there is oswald hold the rifle that blew the head off of jfk and oswald is carrying a pistol on his hip perhaps the very one that was used to shoot the police officer named officer tippit not only that oswald has in his hands what people claim is left wing literature the police found the picture immediately since the picture tied oswald to the murder weapon the police confronted oswald with the picture right away oswald looked at the picture and threw cold water on the evidence that seemingly tied him to the murder weapon oswald who some believe is a lywng little rat said words to the effect thats not me holding that rifle someone pasted my face on someone elses body lets take a look at the warren commissions exhibit 746e and decide whether the face does look pasted on to the body as oswald claimed ill get permission to put it on the page 
0.12557106
lying

connor is a canadian citizen who loves life and the cock . he dreams about 3 ft . long shlongs and can't get enough of that shit . while in cuba , he hooked up with a 2 ft . midget in a giant condom costume drenched in olive oil . 3 hrs . later connor realized the midget was actually a tree stump . 3 hrs . later he finished up . then he called up marcus ray and told him about the story of the mad tree stump bonanza . marcus was so intreged that they started their own fat porn business . 3 weeks into the shoot of their first motion picture slap the lake and ride the wave , connor developed hiv aids and syphilis . marcus was so turned on by this perdicament that they made passionate love . will marcus get aids ? tune in next time , same bat time , same bat channel ... bitches .
0.81097245
connor is a canadian citizen who loves life and the cock he dreams about 3 ft long shlongs and cant get enough of that shit while in cuba he hooked up with a 2 ft midget in a giant condom costume drenched in olive oil 3 hrs later connor realized the midget was actually a tree stump 3 hrs later he finished up then he called up marcus ray and told him about the story of the mad tree stump bonanza marcus was so intreged that they started their own fat porn business 3 weeks into the shoot of their first motion picture slap the lake and ride the wave connor developed hiv aids and syphilis marcus was so turned on by this perdicament that they made passionate love will marcus get aids tune in next time same bat time same bat channel bntches 
0.6592913
bitches

guettarda . i have a question for you . i won't diss you again . and i didn't mean to diss you in the first place . but tell me this ? who first contacted you specificly to deal with me . because whoever it was doesn't respect you man . these blokes who want to maintain their ideology no matter what it takes are playing games . they get a righteous man . they get someone based on that man's character . they specifically select you based on your fine character , to come to clash with me . but i don't think they are showing you any respect man . not by a long shot . who contacted you to intervene in this dispute first . that man . he is a man who does not respect you .
0.21728313
guettarda i have a question for you i wont diss you again and i didnt mean to diss you in the first place but tell me this who first contacted you specificly to deal with me because whoever it was doesnt respect you man these blokes who want to maintain their ideology no matter what it takes are playing games they get a righteous man they get someone based on that mans character they specifically select you based on your fine character to come to clash with me but i dont think they are showing you any respect man not by a long seot who contacted you to intervene in this dispute first that man he is a man who does not respect you 
0.18776268
shot

* in the future , please use proper punctuation in your discussions . as well , jimbo wales , founder of wikipedia , has openly states that wikipedia should contain no references to harry potter , as such is considered non-notable per above . you are in violation of wikipedia's idiot policy . i am sending the internet police after you . = = wildly blocking people = = the kneejerk banning of people on wikipedia , particularly , highly contributative editors , is bad practice , and probably breaks a number of wikipedia policies . i suggest you unblock those that you have recently blocked for no valid reason , or this case will be brought up directly to jimbo wales , who i am very good friends with , and have beer with every tuesday night . consider this the one and final warning .
0.3112878
in the future please use proper punctuation in your discussions as well jimbo wales founder of wikipedia has openly states that wikipedia should contain no references to harry potter as such is considered nonnotable per above you are in violation of wikipedias idiol policy i am sending the internet police after you wildly blocking people the kneejerk banning of people on wikipedia particularly highly contributative editors is bad practice and probably breaks a number of wikipedia policies i suggest you unblock those that you have recently blocked for no valid reason or this case will be brought up directly to jimbo wales who i am very good friends with and have beer with every tuesday night consider this the one and final warning 
0.11481168
idiot

: tony , i note from the block log you are dealing with these users in an apprpriate manner . i apologize for any inappropriate comments or behavior i have made with regard to the wikipedia in the past . i thank you for cleaning up these folks . wikimedia foundation will be granted a perpetual use license to the dsfs file system for internal use on the wikipedia servers for kindly cleaning this up . i will discuss with bryan and i do not feel he would object to donating full a full use perpetual site license to wikimedia projects for wikipedia to use to monitor and control their networks more efficiently . thank you very much . you have restored my faith in people .
0.040593207
tony i note from the block log you are dealing with these users in an apprpriate manner i apologize for any inappmopriate comments or behavior i have made with regard to the wikipedia in the past i thank you for cleaning up these folks wikimedia foundation will be granted a perpetual use license to the dsfs file system for internal use on the wikipedia servers for kindly cleaning this up i will discuss with bryan and i do not feel he would object to donating full a full use perpetual site license to wikimedia projects for wikipedia to use to monitor and control their networks more efficiently thank you very much you have restored my faith in people 
0.037060626
inappropriate

= = gamaliel = = ::: that's understandable , between gamaliel and the other useri have not been involved with their conversation about me . they are talking about me on a page that's viewable by the public , if they want to investigate me and my activities , i would ask that they correspond between each other through private e-mail . it's only fair .
0.066008165
gamaliel thats understandable between gamaliel and the other useri have not been involved with their conversation about me they are talking about me on a page thats vienable by the public if they want to investigate me and my activities i would ask that they correspond between each other through private email its only fair 
0.04086186
viewable

= = melchoir/ ultra-space field theory = = hi sam , my name is keith d . foote . i'm the author of a treatise titled the ultra-space field theory . every once in a while i google the usf theory to see if its found a home on any new websites . i came across a message from someone warning a wikipedian writer to stop pushing the ultra-space field theory and that all future references would be sent to melchoir . the ultra-space field theory is an alternative model to the current particle theory paradigm and is generally ignored by the scientific community , so i'm not surprised your organization wants nothing to do with it . ( my own brother , with a bachelors in science , called it ' whacked ' , though he could find no fault with its conclusions . ) from what i can tell , it is a historical truth that scientists ( being the busy people they are ) detest new science models . many of the assumptions in physics we currently hold as truth took decades to overcome locked mindsets . for example , a huge number of physicists describe magnetic fields as an illusion , though there is no evidence supporting this conclusion and the earth's magnetic field protects us from billions of electrons being ejected by the sun every minute . i would like to request melchoir be given an opportunity to read the treatise . if melchoir will e-mail me a snail mail address , i would be happy to send him a copy . i can be reached at patienthunter@netscape.net thanks , sincerely , keith d . foote
0.045602676
melchoir ultraspace field theory hi sam my name is keith d foote im the author of a treatise titled the ultraspace field theory every once in a while i google the usf theory to see if its found a home on any new websites i came across a message from someone warning a wikipedian writer to stop pushing the ultraspace field theory and that all future references would be sent to melchoir the ultraspace field theory is an alternative model to the current particle theory paradigm and is generally ignored by the scientific community so im not surprised your organization wants nothing to do with it my own brother with a bachelors in science called it whmcked though he could find no fault with its conclusions from what i can tell it is a historical truth that scientists being the busy people they are detest new science models many of the assumptions in physics we currently hold as truth took decades to overcome locked mindsets for example a huge number of physicists describe magnetic fields as an illusion though there is no evidence supporting this conclusion and the earths magnetic field protects us from billions of electrons being ejected by the sun every minute i would like to request melchoir be given an opportunity to read the treatise if melchoir will email me a snail mail address i would be happy to send him a copy i can be reached at patienthunternetscapenet thanks sincerely keith d foote 
0.03150816
whacked

please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to osama bin laden . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox .
0.23365986
please refrain from adding nxnsense to wikipedia as you did to osama bin laden it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox 
0.20323142
nonsense

