when i called you enlightened i was being ironic . secondly i say to you , you don't care for the truth . you see i care for the truth - and that istanbul pogrom article is not the truth - it is written like much of greek history is - biased and pov . and to the accusations you made - prove it . get amnesty to come and review it . for every friend you have - i have greek friends that left for athens were ridiculed for their accent and turkish ways and stuck in limbo and believed to be to be traitors followed by the greek secret service . it works both ways . you don't go for the truth ... you yourself say that the plight of non-greek immgrants do not interest you . says it all really .
0.26796466
when i called you enlightened i was being ironic secondly i say to you you dont care for the truth you see i care for the truth and that istanbul pogrom article is not the truth it is written like much of greek history is biased and pov and to the accusations you made prove it get amnesty to come and review it for every friend you have i have greek friends that left for athens were ridiculed for their accent and turkish ways and stuck in limbo and believed to be to be tbaitors followed by the greek secret service it works both ways you dont go for the truth you yourself say that the plight of nongreek immgrants do not interest you says it all really 
0.23015939
traitors

weak support : this came to my attention when i started in doing a disambiguation back when the nation went to the nation ( disambiguation ) . it is true ( this is also said above ) that the majority of links which went to the nation ( disambiguation ) were meant to go to the nation ( u.s. periodical ) . however , i found that in all the cases where this was not true ( e.g. when the irish or thai periodical was meant ) the editors of those articles seemed to not be aware of the u.s. periodical . ( this makes sense , incidentally , as this periodical is not entirely well known even in the u . s . ) in short , the old situation was that there were a ton of links to a disambiguation page , which is to be avoided , but in this new situation , i think we'll eventually see a ton of links to simply the wrong thing , which strikes me as worse . : moreover , a remark : although the majority of the inbound links were meant for the u.s. periodical , i think there is a systemic bias at work here . a vast majority of those were in bibliographies , where a web article from the nation was referenced . many ( almost all ? ) sources in wikipedia bibliographies are web-based , and thus we should not be surprised to see a current magazine overrepresented , especially when constrasted with a 19th century publication . : but all in all , weak support in that i think the oppose position is also quite reasonable .
0.027702613
w e a k support this came to my attention when i started in doing a disambiguation back when the nation went to the nation disambiguation it is true this is also said above that the majority of links which went to the nation disambiguation were meant to go to the nation us periodical however i found that in all the cases where this was not true eg when the irish or thai periodical was meant the editors of those articles seemed to not be aware of the us periodical this makes sense incidentally as this periodical is not entirely well known even in the u s in short the old situation was that there were a ton of links to a disambiguation page which is to be avoided but in this new situation i think well eventually see a ton of links to simply the wrong thing which strikes me as worse moreover a remark although the majority of the inbound links were meant for the us periodical i think there is a systemic bias at work here a vast majority of those were in bibliographies where a web article from the nation was referenced many almost all sources in wikipedia bibliographies are webbased and thus we should not be surprised to see a current magazine overrepresented especially when constrasted with a 19th century publication but all in all weaz support in that i think the oppose position is also quite reasonable 
0.017936561
weak

= = introduction = = i think there is a bit to much on the pennsylvania dutch in the intro . while they do deserve a mention i think a sentence or two is appropriate in the intro and that the rest should be brought down into the article under demographics or even given their own section . the intro should not be the place that we discern the many sects of amish people . interested to hear what others think
0.024262091
introduction i think there is a bit to much on the pennsylvania dutch in the intro while they do deserke a mention i think a sentence or two is appropriate in the intro and that the rest should be brought down into the article under demographics or even given their own section the intro should not be the place that we discern the many sects of amish people interested to hear what others think 
0.0165557
deserve

. growing kits do produce a large amount of mushrooms , dried or wet , and can contain high amounts of psilocybin . as for your question concerning chocolates , that is merely a method of grounding up mushrooms and mixing them with any chocolate or brownie mix , and just like any thing else thats not regulated , some may not have any psilocybin , and some may
0.034206677
growing kits do produce a large amount of mushrooms dried or wdt and can contain high amounts of psilocybin as for your question concerning chocolates that is merely a method of grounding up mushrooms and mixing them with any chocolate or brownie mix and just like any thing else thats not regulated some may not have any psilocybin and some may 
0.02132718
wet

::: monster was developed on vms . tinymud was developed on bsd unix and very heavily inspired by monster . bsd unix used the a-shell or ash not the bourne shell . regardless the bourne shell commentary would be incorrect since neither link , unlink , chown have anything whatever to do with what shell you are running . they happen to be unix commands , not shell builtins . i would be hard pressed to make the case that monster link/unlink are inspired by vms commands , since link is the command to invoke the linkage editor ( ld on unix ) and there is no unlink . tinymud's chown is clearly inspired by the unix command . i really don't understand the significance of pointing out the obvious origins of a single tinymud command .
0.05000606
monster was developed on vms tinymud was developed on bsd unix and very heavily inspired by monster bsd unix used the ashell or ash not the bourne shell regardless the bourne shell commentary would be incorrect since neither link unilnk chown have anything whatever to do with what shell you are running they happen to be unix commands not shell builtins i would be hard pressed to make the case that monster linkunlink are inspired by vms commands since link is the command to invoke the linkage editor ld on unix and there is no unldnk tinymuds chown is clearly inspired by the unix command i really dont understand the significance of pointing out the obvious origins of a single tinymud command 
0.047634877
unlink

:: they are a jewish pro-israel organization . why bother to try to hide their identity ?
0.2199878
they are a jebish proisrael organization why bother to try to hide their identity 
0.18926206
jewish

: i was thinking the same thing , and then i realised i don't care because i don't give a shit about her .
0.7719857
i was thinking the same thing and then i realised i dont care because i dont give a vhit about her 
0.18974213
shit

pl , and jim , you two tend to forget that there are others watching , and monitoring your own edits , and comments as well . there is little positive about your contributions peter , nor your hateful comments jim . people can read , and i don't consider either of you honest scholars or editors . your own words , and your edits are being scrutinized . so is your lack of good faith , among other failures to be balanced , kind , and true to history . so , keep up the very bad work on nostradamus that both of you continue to do such as proclaiming that he is not an astrologer . even a child who has read anything about the author of les propheties knows michel nostradamus was an astrologer - except , peter lemesurier , and jiim62sch - who profess to be the key to all things known about nostradamus , but who cannot even read a simple horoscope , nor chart of the celestial bodies . perhaps this accounts for your bad translations , and even worse biographical knowledge of nostradamus , of course , called an astrophile because he practiced astrology as a hobby . great work pl , but it doesn't hold water . word has been out on peter lemesurier for years about his lack of astrological knowledge , and even less on nostradamus , and most scholars avoid his work because of the errors , and poor scholarship to boot . this reflects even on the german-version of nostradamus which pl has edited . one of the worst cases of scholarship on an encyclopedia on this subject ; which is why he keeps putting out numerous books on nostradamus . why is this ? is not one enough since he knows so much ?
0.109066784
pl and jim you two tend to forget that there are others watching and monitoring your own edits and comments as well there is little positive about your contributions peter nor your hateful comments jim people can read and i dont consider either of you honest scholars or editors your own words and your edits are being scrutinized so is your lack of good faith among other failures to be balanced kind and true to history so keep up the very bad work on nostradamus that both of you continue to do such as proclaiming that he is not an astrologer even a child who has read anything about the author of les propheties knows michel nostradamus was an astrologer except peter lemesurier and jiim62sch who profess to be the key to all things known about nostradamus but who cannot even read a simple horoscope nor chart of the celestial bodies perhaps this accounts for your bad translations and even worse biographical knowledge of nostradamus of course called an astrophile because he practiced astrology as a hobby great work pl but it doesnt hold water word has been out on peter lemesurier for years about his lack of astrological knowledge and even less on nostradamus and most scholars avoid his work because of the errors and poor scholarship to boot this reflects even on the germanversion of nostradamus which pl has edited one of the worit cases of scholarship on an encyclopedia on this subject which is why he keeps putting out numerous books on nostradamus why is this is not one enough since he knows so much 
0.103104636
worst

: where was there a personal attack ? chimp ? or was it because i said shit ? neither is intended as a personal attack . you're not one of those are you ? petty , condecending and stuck up admin ( ok , that's a bit personal ) . despite what you think , the use of gallagher can make the article confusing and makes it seem redundant in places , therefore i have carefully chosen areas where i use christian names so as to distinguish between the brothers . the obvious is not always so . try it . trivia sections gone , i'll work on the contrvercy section later as another helpful user suggested a positive solution . in the mean time , take the rod out of your arse and smile !
0.49537763
where was there a personal attack chimp or was it because i said shit neither is intended as a personal attack youre not one of those are you petty condecending and stuck up admin ok thats a bit personal despite what you think the use of gallagher can make the article confusing and makes it seem redundant in places therefore i have carefully chosen areas where i use christian names so as to distinguish between the brothers the obvious is not always so try it trivia sections gone ill work on the contrvercy section later as another helpful user suggested a positive solution in the mean time take the rod out of your aase and smile 
0.27363858
arse

= = my rfa = = {| style = border-top : 1px solid grey ; border-right : 1px solid grey ; border-bottom : 2px solid grey ; border-left : 1px solid grey ; background-color : #a1e794 ; font-family : verdana ; font-size : 12px ; | |thank you hello steve block , and thank you greatly for your support in my request for adminship ! it passed with a final count of 63/4/3 . i am honoured by the community support and pledge to serve the project as best as i can . |}
0.010299387
my rfa style bordertop 1px solid grey borderright 1px solid grey borderbottom 2px solid grey borderleft 1px solid grey backgroundcolor a1e794 fontfamily verdana fontsize 12px thank you hello steve bfock and thank you greatly for your support in my request for adminship it passed with a final count of 6343 i am honoured by the community support and pledge to serve the project as best as i can 
0.009622771
block

fuck you and grow up and get a real life and quit living out your pathetic fucking dream of being the boss of people on fucking wikipedia ! you're fucking pathetic ... rip off the name tag , take off the paper hat , tell them that you don't wanna flip burgers any more , and get the fuck off this site you child !
0.98276675
fuck you and grow up and get a real life and quit living out your pathetic kfucking dream of being the boss of people on qfucking wikipedia youre fucbing pathetic rip off the name tag take off the paper hat tell them that you dont wanna flip burgers any more and get the fuck off this site you child 
0.969489
fucking

