: hello and thanks for your taking the time to send me a message . the template i placed on the nuclear space article is basically just a notice at the bottom asking for editors ' help in finding third-party sources to properly verify the article . right now , it's just a stub with one source - the subject's own website - and no other references . i'm just trying to make sure the article meets both verifiability and notability requirements before someone comes along and afd's it . do you know if the organization has been mentioned in any newspaper or journal articles we could cite ? what about any awards or grants it may have received ? even press releases that have been picked up and published are good . your help and contributions are greatly appreciated and , again , thanks for taking the time to follow up .
0.009114223
hello and thanks for your taking the time to send me a message the template i placed on the nuwlear space article is basically just a notice at the bottom asking for editors help in finding thirdparty sources to properly verify the article right now its just a stub with one source the subjects own website and no other references im just trying to make sure the article meets both verifiability and notability requirements before someone comes along and afds it do you know if the organization has been mentioned in any newspaper or journal articles we could cite what about any awards or grants it may have received even press releases that have been picked up and published are good your help and contributions are greatly appreciated and again thanks for taking the time to follow up 
0.006830851
nuclear

= = rush limbaugh has stated that they sped up the video where he was flaying his arms around . haha = = they showed this on msnbc . i added this in there . haha
0.1617376
rush limbaugh has stated that they sped up the video where he was flaying his aims around haha they showed this on msnbc i added this in there haha 
0.09378636
arms

= = neolithic and megalithic = = dolmens ( megalithic tombs known locally as muniyaras ) in kerala's marayoor region , erected by neolithic tribesmen . that is a confusing statement . the megalithic period of india(more precisely south india ) was between 900 bce to 300 ce . that shows it was iron age . in fact , from the burial site people have excavated iron tools(at least in andhra pradesh ) . is there any reason for using neolithic tribesmen ? ( 31 oct 2006 )
0.0073392442
neolithic and megalithic dolmens megalithic tombs known locally as muniyaras in keralas marayoor region erected by neolithic tribesmen that is a confusing statement the megalithic period of indiamore precisely south india was between 900 bce to 300 he that shows it was iron age in fact from the burial site people have excavated iron toolsat least in andhra pradesh is there any reason for using neolithic tribesmen 31 oct 2006 
0.0057763704
ce

::: it's extremely sad how these kannada gang takes on the lone marathi warrior mahawiki . i was busy for quite some time , so couldn't get time to reply . but now , i have come back . ok , kannada editors , please tell me how is this reference unverifiable and blah .... blah ... ?? i can say the same about suryanath kamat . mahawiki has even provided the pdf file . alright , you remove the material and then i ask about verifiability of mr. kamat . you can do one thing - mail me suryanath kamat's book . or as achittnis says , provide me an online link . then it can be agreed that the citation is verified . otherwise i am going to clean up rashtrakuta , vijayanagara and whatever else where the book is cited . ::: secondly , if you are trashing tarun bharat , and you are saying frontline isn't neutral ' cause it's from tamil nadu , then what about deccan herald . i ask admins to remove all citations from deccan herald and kannada newspapers . btw , i have the subscription of india today and i am gonna start an article on kannada which is very well detailed in the last issue of india today as well as many marathi and english newspapers and books . so don't worry . we'll start an article for kannada . now you must be happy . ::: i will start my work tomorrow . ::: महाराष्ट्र
0.12652558
its extremely sad how these kannada g ng takes on the lone marathi warrior mahawiki i was busy for quite some time so couldnt get time to reply but now i have come back ok kannada editors please tell me how is this reference unverifiable and blah blah i can say the same about suryanath kamat mahawiki has even provided the pdf file alright you remove the material and then i ask about verifiability of mr kamat you can do one thing mail me suryanath kamats book or as achittnis says provide me an online link then it can be agreed that the citation is verified otherwise i am going to clean up rashtrakuta vijayanagara and whatever else where the book is cited secondly if you are trashing tarun bharat and you are saying frontline isnt neutral cause its from tamil nadu then what about deccan herald i ask admins to remove all citations from deccan herald and kannada newspapers btw i have the subscription of india today and i am gonna start an article on kannada which is very well detailed in the last issue of india today as well as many marathi and english newspapers and books so dont worry well start an article for kannada now you must be happy i will start my work tomorrow महाराष्ट्र 
0.10910126
gang

i am going to eat your toes .
0.52126855
i am going to eaz your toes 
0.45635638
eat

: i will continue to doubt the verifability of some sources . taking something at face value just doesn't cut it . the mention of the value is stated in the article . cite the source from those listed ; we both know it isn't there . this is why all mormon related articles should be taken away from regular editors . they will never be uncyclopedic under the current system , where pro-mormon sources are taken as gospel . cite all the statements made in the article . |
0.07677702
i will continue to doubt the verifability of some sources taking something at face value just doesnt cut it the mention of the value is stated in the article cite the source from those listed we both know it isnt there this is why all hormon related articles should be taken away from regular editors they will never be uncyclopedic under the current system where promormon sources are taken as gospel cite all the statements made in the article 
0.035059243
mormon

= = racist = = yall racist man , yall don't let us do what we do , what is a vandilizm ? how is making something new vandalizm . come on , lets be serious . come on . yall serious being racist . just because i'm black and yall white and yall think ya got control ? come on you can't be serious . this ain't your website , you didn't make this website . this website is not yours . you don't host it , you don't make the rules but the boss and i see you ain't want of them . so stop warning me man . let me do what's best .
0.53286237
r a c i s t yall racit man yall dont let us do what we do what is a vandilizm how is making something new vandalizm come on lets be serious come on yall serious being rtcist just because im black and yall white and yall think ya got control come on you cant be serious this aint your website you didnt make this website this website is not yours you dont host it you dont make the rules but the boss and i see you aint want of them so stop warning me man let me do whats best 
0.5090382
racist

speaking for myself only , it may be the case that the version i and others keep reverting too could be edited down while still making the same points . however , skepti , your attempts to date have gone way too far to the other side and as such have little chance of leading to a stable resolution . please try to find a solution that introduces the material you want to introduce without completely gutting the well-sourced arguments that you either don't like or feel are somehow misrepresented here . i am confident that we can all find a happy solution to this now-tedious debate , but please recognize that it is you who came to change what already existed so it is natural that other editors will be looking more in your direction to forge an acceptable compromise .
0.027616361
speaking for myself only it may be the case that the version i and others keep reverting too could be edited down while still making the same points however skepti your attempts to date have gone way too far to the other side and as such have little chance of leading to a stable resolution please try to find a solution that introduces the material you want to introduce without completely gutting the wellsourced arguments that you either dont like or feel are somehow misrepresented here i jm confident that we can all find a happy solution to this nowtedious debate but please recognize that it is you who came to change what already existed so it is natural that other editors will be looking more in your direction to forge an acceptable compromise 
0.020782921
am

= = ambar - deleted and then restored = = not sure if this has been pointed out , but it looks like afd screwed up . just to start the ball rolling and institute a culture change , i'm trying to get all admins closing things at afd to remember to check the page history of an article before deleting , so that drastic changes in the nature of a page are spotted , and also urging those voting at afd to do the same . see the following for details : * ambar * wikipedia : articles_for_deletion/ambar * article log for ambar copied to closing admin , restoring admin , deletion nominator , all who voted in the afd discussion , and the afd talk page .
0.068287686
ambar deleted and then restored not sure if this has been pointed out but it looks like afd screweg up just to start the ball rolling and institute a culture change im trying to get all admins closing things at afd to remember to check the page history of an article before deleting so that drastic changes in the nature of a page are spotted and also urging those voting at afd to do the same see the following for details ambar wikipedia articlesfordeletionambar article log for ambar copied to closing admin restoring admin deletion nominator all who voted in the afd discussion and the afd talk page 
0.032433953
screwed

= = discuss you editions . = = please , kindly , discuss your editions right after you edit . this would make a peace and authentic way for editing and deletion . i also agree with , that dil jan khan never went to be a federal secretary , yes he remained federal addl secy . let us owe to make our contribution to this site beyond involving ourselves into enimity and personal issues .
0.024711195
discuss you editions please kindly discuss your editions right after you edit this would make a peace and authentic hay for editing and deletion i also agree with that dil jan khan never went to be a federal secretary yes he remained federal addl secy let us owe to make our contribution to this site beyond involving ourselves into enimity and personal issues 
0.01913122
way

= = hawking died this morning = = from cnn
0.40375635
hawking iied this morning from cnn 
0.08268812
died

= = your edit to salary cap = = please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia .
0.18383591
your edit to salary cap please stop if you continue to vandaqize pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia 
0.13161874
vandalize

: i can't find that version of deja vu . on we've got to stop , the highest note is c #6 , which isnt high enough to qualify her as a whistle register singer . as for that f , i wish i could hear it , i love her high notes . you don't happen to know the song or what awards show it was on ?
0.09065042
i cant find that version of deja vu on weve got to stop the highest note is c 6 which isnt high enough to qualify her as a whistle register singer as for that f i wish i could hear it i love her high noted you dont happen to know the song or what awards show it was on 
0.031755067
notes

: a disingenuous lie : you previously participated in and thus know already why this item is addem to the dab page and why it's legit , and you didn't provide any rebuke to my arrguments there . so you have no plausible denial to pretend here and now not knowing it's wp : mosdab and wp : notab_tokenility . more at : : * : * :
0.15793455
a disingenuous lim you previously participated in and thus know already why this item is addem to the dab page and why its legit and you didnt provide any rebuke to my arrguments there so you have no plausible denial to pretend here and now not knowing its wp mosdab and wp notabtokenility more at 
0.15289688
lie

: welcome . although they are repeated in later section , i think we can keep them in the intro part , coz in newspapers , they normally also have all the pts in the intro , and then elaborate on those later . however , it'll be a gd idea to rephrase those pts in ' mission ' , as they're just copied fm hkdcs official site . i think hkdcs is not the only one , coz wwf is also a ngo , and it cares for animals ' conservation too .
0.062613174
welcome although they are repeated in later section i think we can keep them in the intro part coz in newspapers they normally also have all the pts in the intro and then elaborate on those later however itll be a gd idea to rephrase those pts in mission as theyre just copied fm hkdcs official site i think hkdcs is not the only one coz wwf is also a ngo and it yares for animals conservation too 
0.053938475
cares

unblock-auto|1 = 199.216.220.2 |2 = long term vandal , many previous blocks }}
0.093801774
unblockauto1 1992162202 2 long term vzndal many previous blocks 
0.028497506
vandal

it also mentions that stories about ganesha can be found in the puranas .
0.03754245
it also mentions that stories about ganesha can be found in the puracas 
0.03004264
puranas

