= = january 20 = = regarding the page coldplay , please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia . ()
0.08829637
january 20 regarding the page coldplay please stop if you continue to bandalize pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia 
0.07897138
vandalize

::: actually in my last edit i didn't describe that correctly at all , ( please ignore it ) . i suppose i would describe it as hair-re-fud . if using a local accent you usually drop the h , being more ere-fud . i would give you a phonetic guide but i haven't a clue how they work .
0.072947405
actually in my last edit i didnt describe that correctly at all please jgnore it i suppose i would describe it as hairrefud if using a local accent you usually drop the h being more erefud i would give you a phonetic guide but i havent a clue how they work 
0.071238905
ignore

= = omg , ' i dispute the gayness of this discussion!' = = omg , what a bunch of fucking nerds !! not only are your arguments weak and impractical , but youactually seem to take yourselves seriously ! my recommendation : buy salt bitches !!!! lol !! stupid gay bitches !!!
0.9806142
omg i dispute the gayness of this discussion omg what a bunch of fucking nerds not only are your arguments weak and impractical but youactually seem to take yourselves seriously my recommendation buy salt bitches lol ftupid gay bitches 
0.97640777
stupid

: it is because the community decided they should be kept . it was voted on democratically , after all . are you suggesting that democracy is an unrepentable evil ? fascist ! since troll metal is a description , not an actual subgenre , bands of internet trolls are allowed since they fit the description of troll metal . if a band can be called troll metal , then they belong under the umbrella of troll metal . understand now ? it takes maturity to understand that sometimes , some things are true simply because most people believe them . if you feel otherwise you have maturity issues you need to deal with before contributing to this democratic , open-for-all encyclopedia .
0.2373843
it is because the community decided they should be kept it was voted on democratically after all are you suggesting that democracy is an unrepentable evil fascist since trlol metal is a description not an actual subgenre bands of internet trolls are allowed since they fit the description of mroll metal if a band can be called troql metal then they belong under the umbrella of nroll metal understand now it takes maturity to understand that sometimes some things are true simply because most people believe them if you feel otherwise you have maturity issues you need to deal with before contributing to this democratic openforall encyclopedia 
0.16934928
troll

:: the original poster is an idiot . he listens to music like linkin park and limp bizkit and calls it metal . since metal is much more diverse than his nu-metal he has trouble forumulating thoughts within his small collection of neurons called his brain . plus people of intelliegence are able to distinguish the metal genres quite easily . the op needs to commit suicide .
0.6028383
the original poster is an vdiot he listens to music like linkin park and limp bizkit and calls it metal since metal is much more diverse than his numetal he has trouble forumulating thoughts within his small collection of neurons called his brain plus people of intelliegence are able to distinguish the metal genres quite easily the op needs to commit suicide 
0.25881237
idiot

= arbitration statement = 1 ) i deny any crimes or wrongdoings . 2 ) this court has no authority 3 ) this court has no rules of evidence . 4 ) this court has no proof . 5 ) my goal is not to be insane , as danielcd claims ( thanks dan ... ) but to find a way to make the bigfoot-wiki page up to date , and not 20 years out of date . are you in the box , or out of the box ? beckjord
0.14064702
arbitration statement 1 i deny any crimes or wrongdoings 2 this court has no authority 3 this court has no rules of evidence 4 this court has no proof 5 my goal is not to be innane as danielcd claims thanks dan but to find a way to make the bigfootwiki page up to date and not 20 years out of date are you in the box or out of the box beckjord 
0.06593611
insane

when i tackled this article , most all of it was a copy and paste from a ' mandobanjo ' website . it is not laid out very well , tends to ramble and does not stick to the subject of mandolins . anyhow , to do my part , i replaced a section in the history part . i believe it gives a succinct account of the mandolin's origin . the facts- names , places and years- are footnoted . afterwards , it became apparent that the beginning of the article had to be re-written since there was really no definition of a mandolin . so i did this ( footnoted also ) . now as for the question left in the sandbox regarding mandolinos and mandoras , i will leave it to another to rewrite the definitions and histories of those instruments . when that is done , there will be no need to add to the mandolin's definition to try to expain why it is different from these similiar instruments . ( basically , however , they are at a different tonal range , among other things ) .
0.030040575
when i tackled this article most all of it was a copy and paste from a mandobanjo website it is not laid out very well tends to rakble and does not stick to the subject of mandolins anyhow to do my part i replaced a section in the history part i believe it gives a succinct account of the mandolins origin the facts names places and years are footnoted afterwards it became apparent that the beginning of the article had to be rewritten since there was really no definition of a mandolin so i did this footnoted also now as for the question left in the sandbox regarding mandolinos and mandoras i will leave it to another to rewrite the definitions and histories of those instruments when that is done there will be no need to add to the mandolins definition to try to expain why it is different from these similiar instruments basically however they are at a different tonal range among other things 
0.024491709
ramble

= = stop erasing my comments = = do you really have a hard time understanding that this encyclopedia does not belong to you . sheeesh !
0.53240216
stop erasing my comments do you really hale a hard time understanding that this encyclopedia does not belong to you sheeesh 
0.28974485
have

= = i don't understand why you're here . = = so far you have made only 3 edits that weren't speedy deleted or reverted : * a minor typo fix : ( hist ) ( diff ) dag hammarskjöld * a vote in a tfd : ( hist ) ( diff ) wikipedia : templates for deletion/template : infobox biography ( → template : infobox biography ) * a rejected request for protection of an article : ( hist ) ( diff ) wikipedia : requests for page protection we are trying to write an encyclopedia here . please take some time during this block to consider whether you want to be part of a community formed for that purpose . if you do , i will welcome you back into the community and look forward more positive contributions from you . if you don't want to be part of this community , please stop harassing other editors and let us get on with our work . if you wish to respond you may do so here or email me , which will get a faster response as i'm on a wikibreak except for dealing with pressing issues like vandalism to my user page . — •• email•
0.10650198
i dont understand why youre here so far you have made only 3 edits that werent speedy deleted or reverted a minor typo fix hist diff dag hammarskjöld a vote in a tfd hist diff wikipedia templates for deletiontemplate infobox biography → template infobox biography a rejected request for protection of an article hist diff wikipedia requests for page protection we are trying to write an encyclopedia here please take some time during this block to consider whether you want to be part of a community formed for that purpose if you do i will welcome you back into the community and look forward more positive contributions from you if you dont want to be part of this community please stoj harassing other editors and let us get on with our work if you wish to respond you may do so here or email me which will get a faster response as im on a wikibreak except for dealing with pressing issues like vandalism to my user page — •• email• 
0.07141154
stop

::::: buddhism ( and zen , by extension ) are considered atheist . which to me kind of weakens the importance of identifying all religious belief as either theistic or atheistic .
0.030425739
buddhism and zen by extension are considered athezst which to me kind of weakens the importance of identifying all religious belief as either theistic or atheistic 
0.028690908
atheist

= = united federation of planets = = hello ! i added the thoughts behind my addition of the eu mention on the united federation of planets article . please check it out on the talk : united federation of planets page . your comments would be very much welcomed . — ''''''
0.0142077785
united federation of planets hello i added the thoughts behind my addition of the eu mention on the united federation of planets article please check it out on the talk united federation of planets page your comments would bb very much welcomed — 
0.009982769
be

= vandal italy = = please block user 207.165.194.195 for repeatet vandals ! http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=special:contributions&target207.165.194.195newline;_token
0.44203585
vandal italy please block user 207165194195 for repeatet vandaxs httpenwikipediaorgwindexphptitlespecialcontributionstarget207165194195newlinetoken 
0.19213371
vandals

