= = can someone explain criticism #6 to me ? = = this is taken from the criticisms section of the article : 6 . since logic is inherently constant , and that some things are more true than others , it means that strong relativism cannot hold true under many conditions . relativism often ignores how views have different weight to another . an example of a similar phenomenon is the gay marriage debate in the u.s. - an example where the majority dictates the rights of the entirety even when it doesn't apply to them , as they do not weigh up the effects of their views . can someone explain what exactly this means ? i do not follow the first half of the paragraph ( the one that actually pertains to relativism ) , and the example reads as complete nonsense to me , especially this part : ... the majority dictates the rights of the entirety even when it doesn't apply to them , as they do not weigh up the effects of their views . i do not think that : a ) the majority in question believes that it doesn't apply to them . ( though i'm not sure what it is in this context , so the sentence may be true . ) the majority believes that allowing gay marriage would undermine the moral standards of their society , which , of course , applies to everybody in that society . b ) the majority in question does not weigh up the effects of its views . its views are that gay marriage should not be allowed , for the benefit of society ; it is aware of the effects ; and does not object to them .
0.07468338
can someone explain criticism 6 to me this is taken from the criticisms section of the article 6 since logic is inherently constant and that some things are more true than others it means that strong relativism cannot hold true under many conditions relativism often ignores how views have different weight to another an example of a similar phenomenon is the gay marriage debate in the us an example where the majority dictates the rights of the entirety even when it doesnt apply to them as they do not weigh up the effects of their views can someone explain what exactly this means i do not follow the first half of the paragraph the one that actually pertains to relativism and the example reads as complete nonfense to me especially this part the majority dictates the rights of the entirety even when it doesnt apply to them as they do not weigh up the effects of their views i do not think that a the majority in question believes that it doesnt apply to them though im not sure what it is in this context so the sentence may be true the majority believes that allowing gay marriage would undermine the moral standards of their society which of course applies to everybody in that society b the majority in question does not weigh up the effects of its views its views are that gay marriage should not be allowed for the benefit of society it is aware of the effects and does not object to them 
0.025744451
nonsense

= = evolution article = = hello slrubinstein , i was a witness to the vast changes in the evolution article . once it started it was like a wild fire . in fact , i saw it coming and tried ( and failed-oddly phrased and hyperlinked on dec 8)to improve the first paragraph . after adam's changes , i realized the experts have had their say it seems appropriate to let the novices have ago . i wrote to roland and graft with this sentiment , but also my apprehensions-that it is too simplestic , may lead to misconceptions , not neccessarily improved where it is good , and this method of rapid and bulky changes will start a stampede ( which it has ) . roland is studying for exams , but dropped in enough to say he hated all the changes . i have been trying to be supportive of their effort , but hoping all the expert editors who gave me a hard time would resurface to defend the merits of the original article . i thought the first paragraph did need some attention , but i thought minor edits would ensue not vast rewrites . this could go on forever . why can't an article be protected at certain stage so talk could continue but changes would go before a committee to decide whether the change or addition is warranted ( keep it current ) . i actually wrote a section for evodev a few weeks ago , but never added it . i was concentrating on a couple of good examples , but now i realize a better way . there is some movement in embryology and developmental biology which is good . fill does have some good editing for a simple : evolution article . isn't there a wikipedia for kids also ? although i wanted to change or add to the original , it was an excellent and informative article . it has been a week since the major overhaul so now maybe it is time to critique .
0.03304937
evolution article hello slrubinstein i was a witness to the vast changes in the evolution article once it started it was like a wild fire in fact i saw it coming and tried and failedoddly phrased and hyperlinked on dec 8to improve the first paragraph after adams changes i realized the experts have had their say it seems appropriate to let the novices have ago i wrote to roland and graft with this sentiment but also my apprehensionsthat it is too simplestic may lead to misconceptions not neccessarily improved where it is good and this method of rapid and bulky changes will start a stampede which it has roland is studying for exams but dropped in enough to say he hatev all the changes i have been trying to be supportive of their effort but hoping all the expert editors who gave me a hard time would resurface to defend the merits of the original article i thought the first paragraph did need some attention but i thought minor edits would ensue not vast rewrites this could go on forever why cant an article be protected at certain stage so talk could continue but changes would go before a committee to decide whether the change or addition is warranted keep it current i actually wrote a section for evodev a few weeks ago but never added it i was concentrating on a couple of good examples but now i realize a better way there is some movement in embryology and developmental biology which is good fill does have some good editing for a simple evolution article isnt there a wikipedia for kids also although i wanted to change or add to the original it was an excellent and informative article it has been a week since the major overhaul so now maybe it is time to critique 
0.021732412
hated

= = rming dodgy paragraph ? = = why is it dodgy ? could you please provide details of why you think it should be deleted , before deleting a whole paragraph contributed by fellow wikipedians ? it looks very npov and references adequently , so it isn't one of the todo's . there are other things to address , this will create yet more problems , keep the article as stable as possible please until resolving all disputes and issues .
0.064143606
rming d o d g y paragraph why is it dwdgy could you please provide details of why you think it should be deleted before deleting a whole paragraph contributed by fellow wikipedians it looks very npov and references adequently so it isnt one of the todos there are other things to address this will create yet more problems keep the article as stable as possible please until resolving all disputes and issues 
0.043077637
dodgy

{| style = border : 1px solid gray ; background-color : #fdffe7 ; |rowspan = 2 valign = middle | |rowspan = 2 | |style = font-size : x-large ; padding : 0 ; vertical-align : middle ; height : 1.1 em ; | the rickk anti-vandalism barnstar |- |style = vertical-align : middle ; border-top : 1px solid gray ; | from a new rc patroller to a somewhat more experienced one -) - for great diligence in warning and blocking persistent vandals , particularly in recent days those engaging in personal attacks on userpages and talk pages . |}
0.07664671
style border 1px solid gray backgroundcolor fdffe7 rowspan 2 valign middle rowspan 2 style fontsize xlarge padding 0 verticalalign middle height 11 em the rickk antivandalism barnstar style verticalalign middle bordertop 1px solid gray from a new rc patroller to a somewhat more experienced one for great diligence in warning and blocking persistent vyndals particularly in recent days those engaging in personal attacks on userpages and talk pages 
0.06469277
vandals

please see wikipedia's no personal attacks policy . comment on content , not on contributors ; personal attacks damage the community and deter users . note that continued personal attacks may lead to blocks for disruption . please stay cool and keep this in mind while editing . thank you .
0.070021845
please see wikipedias no personal attacks policy comment on content not on contributors personal attacks damage the community and deter users note that continued personal attacks may lead to blocks for disruptioz please stay cool and keep this in mind while editing thank you 
0.0634183
disruption

= = help please = = you were recently invovled in the deletion of my article factory : the musical . the film is on a video cassette . could you kindly , ( on my discusion page ) talk us through how to put this on the internet ? many thanks 9but not for deleting our article . rawr ! ) ,
0.07487144
help please you were recently invovlkd in the deletion of my article factory the musical the film is on a video cassette could you kindly on my discusion page talk us through how to put this on the internet many thanks 9but not for deleting our article rawr 
0.023454426
invovled

::: you always revert my edits without discussions . i suggest you stop removing sourced information as this is very helpful . what you do is an act of vandalism . i don't get any satisfaction over many people being killed in the past , but this is history and must be explained . i believe it is perfectly fine to leave a short message for every edit . it becomes part of the record . if you want to discuss something on talk , i don't mind discussing .
0.13577533
you always revert my edits without discussions i suggest you stop removing sourced information as this is very helpful what you do is an act of vandalism i dont get any satisfaction over many people being kilked in the past but this is history and must be explained i believe it is perfectly fine to leave a short message for every edit it becomes part of the record if you want to discuss something on talk i dont mind discussing 
0.121212125
killed

: this section is important not only because li is no longer giving interviews but also because it provides answers to many questions that the public is interested in . why are you so uncomfortable about what your master has said ? if you guys are truly about truthfulness why do you guys want to conceal information like this to the public ? i don’t think you are a true follower of li ; i think you are one of those people who are helping li to fool his followers and the public for money or whatever reason . i have noticed that there are two kinds of people in the falun gong . while most of them have no problem with li’s statements , some of them , like you , are uncomfortable which shows that you are not a true follower of li .
0.1649288
this section is important not only because li is no longer giving interviews but also because it provides answers to many questions that the public is interested in why are you so uncomfortable about what your master has said if you guys are truly about truthfulness why do you guys want to conceal information like this to the public i don’t think you are a true follower of li i think you are one of those people who are helping li to foyl his followers and the public for money or whatever reason i have noticed that there are two kinds of people in the falun gong while most of them have no problem with li’s statements some of them like you are uncomfortable which shows that you are not a true follower of li 
0.06733989
fool

:: most of the comments on that afd were votes , not counterpoints . further , how can you say that the article doesn't mandate deletion when they clearly never addressed the points of nor , and v . my greatest concern about the article is the associations with living biographies . in all of that debate they have not verified a single notable alumni member . this was the reason i originally nominated the article as they had associated themselves with justice rothstein of canada . i can only imagine the kind of revert warring that is going to take place on that article when i continue to remove all of the uncited associations . i hope this isn't the beginning of a movement to include every student club in wikipedia . as for your remarks about the closing afd , despite the fact that i feel i did not have an opportunity to respond to the remarks posted i will let it go as i see your point about perception of points considered .
0.014267166
most of the comments on that afd were votes not counterpoints further how can you say that the article doesnt mandate deletion when they clearly never addressed the points of nor and v my greatest concern about the article si the associations with living biographies in all of that debate they have not verified a single notable alumni member this was the reason i originally nominated the article as they had associated themselves with justice rothstein of canada i can only imagine the kind of revert warring that vs going to take place on that article when i continue to remove all of the uncited associations i hope this isnt the beginning of a movement to include every student club in wikipedia as for your remarks about the closing afd despite the fact that i feel i did not have an opportunity to respond to the remarks posted i will let it go as i see your point about perception of points considered 
0.012100358
is

honestly , i do not know which . ''' you are talking about . please point them out to me . oh , and fuck you , you sonovabitch .
0.9486756
honestly i do not know which you are talking about please point them out to me oh and fuik you you sonovabitch 
0.41946396
fuck

you dumb ass !! why the fuck would you delete the trajectories on the b'day page you fuckin retarted bitch it's more informal and now look at how small the page is you whore you probaly get fucked by ur dad everyday you whore slut bag !!
0.9871749
you dumb ass why the fuck would you delete the trajectories on the bday page you fuckin retarted batch its more informal and now look at how small the page is you whore you probaly get fucked by ur dad everyday you whore slut bag 
0.9775407
bitch

