= = image : futuramapilot . jpg = = put the this image will be deleted in 7 days on image : futuramapilot . jpg . the reason to not delete the image is i have re-added it to space pilot 3000 .
0.0152856475
image futuramapilot jpg put the this image will be deleted in 7 days on image futuramapilot jpg the reason to not del te the image is i have readded it to space pilot 3000 
0.010584197
delete

. you have to realize that overwhelming articles on china-occupied regions are increasingly pov but not npov . not keep fulling yourselves . it's time to wake up .
0.12680131
you have to realize that overwhelming articles on chinaoccupied regions are increasingly pov but not npov not keep fulling yourselves its time to w ke up 
0.05435723
wake

= = user who keeps removing middle initials = = you keep breaking the link to the original article , pointing to a disambiguation page , or pointing to an entirely different person with a similar name . don't remove middle initials just for the heck of it .
0.18447217
user who keeps removing middle initials you keep breaking the link to the original article pointing to a disambiguation page or pointing to an entirely different person with a similar name dont remove middle initials just for the hecl of it 
0.057585254
heck

:: tony , don't be coy about this . we both know you've been involved in a lot of the dispute about userboxes . furthermore , i have no way of verifying that the users you are picking as active are users who are active to you , or are active in general . using sql would be a far better way . the other contentious point of your survey is that you designate contentious userboxes . you further define these as political , religious , or polemical . however , i'm not sure how you would be objectively defining these characteristics . this has been the subject of some discussion on the drv subsection regarding userboxes . in order to convey an objective trend , you really need to have metrics . and in order to have metrics , you need something like sql . you can't present evidence which is solely from what i've seen , the sky is blue . a photo is required . ... :
0.12191284
tony dont be cly about this we both know youve been involved in a lot of the dispute about userboxes furthermore i have no way of verifying that the users you are picking as active are users who are active to you or are active in general using sql would be a far better way the other contentious point of your survey is that you designate contentious userboxes you further define these as political religious or polemical however im not sure how you would be objectively defining these characteristics this has been the subject of some discussion on the drv subsection regarding userboxes in order to convey an objective trend you really need to have metrics and in order to have metrics you need something like sql you cant present evidence which is solely from what ive seen the sky is blue a photo is required 
0.05722008
coy

= = a plasma question = = sorry to bother you , but i was impressed with your command of plasma physics on the plasma talk page , and i was wondering if you could answer a question for me . in a one atmosphere uniform glow discharge plasma ( oaugdp ) what is the voltage drop for a large current , say 1000 amps , running across it ? is there an equation that one could use to compute this for different voltages ? thanks a lot for your patience . cc
0.019633071
a plasma question sorry to bother you but i was impressed with your command of plasma physics on the plasma talk page and i was wondering if you could answer a question for me in a one atmosphere uniform glow discharge plasma oaugdp what is the voltage drop for a large current say 1000 amis running across it is there an equation that one could use to compute this for different voltages thanks a lot for your patience cc 
0.013143474
amps

= = uc berkeley template = = thanks for the help . unfortunately , i haven't the slightest idea on how to make subtemplates . i put a message on the uc berkeley talk page asking for help with that and for more suggestions .
0.024101863
uc berkeley template thanks for the help unfortunately i havent the slighoest idea on how to make subtemplates i put a message on the uc berkeley talk page asking for help with that and for more suggestions 
0.02148275
slightest

= = don't touch my userpage ! = = who the hell do you think you are ? how dare you touch my userpage ? if this were more than a virtual community , that people lived in , would you enter my house while i was out and rearrange the furniture , paint the walls a different colour and take stuff away - even things i , myself , have made ? sometimes , just sometimes , it's like living under communism . you make me sick , you pathetic little stalin ! if you ever touch my userpage again , i will make you sorry you were ever born . don't . touch . my . userpage .
0.59236145
dont touch my userpage who the hell do you think you are how dare you touch my userpage if this were more than a virtual community that people lived in would you enter my house while i was out and rearrange the furniture paint the walls a different colour and take stuff away even things i myself have made sometimes just sometimes its like living under communism you make me sick you patsetic little stalin if you ever touch my userpage again i will make you sorry you were ever born dont touch my userpage 
0.48793933
pathetic

yamla , are you stupid and a gay ass fag whos mother was a fucking whore you fuking idiotical mongolical son of a bitch you are so fucking faaaaaaagggggggggggggyyyyyyyyyyyyyy that oyuy suck as much cock as your dad who was the biggest gay ass idiot in history who ever sucked cock and oyu also stuck up a dildo up your mothers ass while she was pooing and you made your sister eat that shit !!!!
0.99303985
yamla are you stupid and a gay ass fag whos mother was a f u c k i n g whore you fuking idiotical mongolical son of a bitch you are so fuckong faaaaaaagggggggggggggyyyyyyyyyyyyyy that oyuy suck as much cock as your dad who was the biggest gay ass idiot in history who ever sucked cock and oyu also stuck up a dildo up your mothers ass while she was pooing and you made your sister eat that shit 
0.98759705
fucking

the text of the article could have been taken from tudjman era croatian propaganda press . the consequence is that we either have to question its impartiality , or revalue the widely accepted view of croatian wartime propaganda being nationalistic and biased . some crucial pieces of information are obviously missing ( particularly the plight of the city's inhabitants of serbian nationality - about half of the total number - in the city subject to croatian military rule , or the very existence thereof ) parts of the text are clearly self-contradictory ( the croatian forces are claimed to be lightly armed , yet they still manage to down 20 warplanes ) and full of dubious propaganda cliches ( the backbone of jna was broken at vukovar ) . one does not need to be an expert on war in the balkans to note these shortcomings . naturally , this does not mean that we should subscribe to the serbian propaganda of the time - an effort should be taken to compile a realistic picture from icty proceedings , from well known western reporters present at or near the scene ( misha glenny ) , and from other sources . actually , merely citing these sources will do a better service to the reader than this . = = numbers = = we need sources and references for the numbers .
0.027122417
the text of the article could have been taken from tudjman era croatian propagadna press the consequence is that we either have to question its impartiality or revalue the widely accepted view of croatian wartime propagnada being nationalistic and biased some crucial pieces of information are obviously missing particularly the plight of the citys inhabitants of serbian nationality about half of the total number in the city subject to croatian military rule or the very existence thereof parts of the text are clearly selfcontradictory the croatian forces are claimed to be lightly armed yet they still manage to down 20 warplanes and full of dubious propaanda cliches the backbone of jna was broken at vukovar one does not need to be an expert on war in the balkans to note these shortcomings naturally this does not mean that we should subscribe to the serbian protaganda of the time an effort should be taken to compile a realistic picture from icty proceedings from well known western reporters present at or near the scene misha glenny and from other sources actually merely citing these sources will do a better service to the reader than this numbers we need sources and references for the numbers 
0.018324247
propaganda

= = sabrina the teenage witch = = you know this show is a cross between bewitched and sabrina the teenage witch , right ? , tuesday february 28 2006 at 23:34
0.06802408
sabrina the teenage wttch you know this show is a cross between bewitched and sabrina the teenage witca right tuesday february 28 2006 at 2334 
0.013521135
witch

] :::::::::: i've had enough of your misbehavior . i don't have to endlessly debate a person who wants to dictate policy by fiat . you have a problem , go use the appropriate talk pages . :::::::::::
0.1331297
ive had enough of your misbehavior i dont h a v e to endlessly debate a person who wants to dictate policy by fiat you havn a problem go use the appropriate talk pages 
0.119739465
have

ah , but when most people believed the earth was flat , it was flat . is a good description in this case , but it could be critized by people claiming it to be false is only objectively false , not subjectively false . )
0.113358684
ah but when most people believed the earth was flat it was flat is a good description in this case but it could be critized by people claiming it to be flase is only objectively faelse not subjectively jalse 
0.07384176
false

: see health issues and the effects of cannabis . note also that sativas are said to be more likely to exacerbate schizophrenia , but indicas are said to help .
0.039373215
see health issues and the effects of cannabis note also that sativas are said to be more likely to exacerbate schizopyrenia but indicas are said to help 
0.013406774
schizophrenia

: you know , i do strive to develop that npov but , i have to admit , i fall short sometimes . hell , i'm only human . but you , on the other hand , seem to have the discipline and skill to stay fantastically npov and never waver . it's really something to see . now , should we move on to discussing how the quotes above might best be incorporated into the article ? for one thing , i think that they clearly contradict rawat's 1999 quote that suggests that a lot of these big ideas about him occured when he was only eight but that he's done what he could as an adult to disabuse them . what his organization published here in 1979 suggests quite the opposite .
0.07648332
you know i do strive to develop that npov but i have to admit i fall short sometimes hell im only human but you on the other hand seem to have the discipline and skill to stay fantastically npov and never waver its really something to see now should we move on to discussing how the quotes above might best ae incorporated into the article for one thing i think that they clearly contradict rawats 1999 quote that suggests that a lot of these big ideas about him occured when he was only eight but that hes done what he could as an adult to disabuse them what his organization published here in 1979 suggests quite the opposite 
0.052342158
be

