the word novels tells the reader they are fiction . it is perfectly possible for a novel to spark interest in a factual topic .
0.0058535533
the word novels tells the reader they ari fiction it is perfectly possible for a novel to spark interest in a factual topic 
0.004268518
are

did css fall off the earth or something ? what happened to the left bar and why is everything so ugly and unorganized ? 23 july 2005 19:03 ( utc )
0.40770692
did css fall off the earth or something what happened to the left bar and why is everything so ugoy and unorganized 23 july 2005 1903 utc 
0.036588054
ugly

= = l.a. meetup reminder = = don't forget ! l . a's first wiki meetup is tonight at 7:30 at philippe's in downtown . check out the meetup page for details . see you there ! ( if you can't make it , come to the next one ! -
0.02477031
la meetup reminder dont forget l as first wiki meetup is tonight at 730 at philippes in downtown check out the meetup page for details see you there if you cant make it como to the next one 
0.01723406
come

aloha ! thanks for pointing this out to me . while i don't mind being listed with artists ( i am one ) , i certainly don't want to be listed with the psyches !!! ) i will remove these from my talk page and let snowspinner know . :: yeah . those folks are crazy .
0.2519903
aloha thanks for pointing this out to me while i dont mind being listed with artists i am one i certainly dont want to be listed with the psyches i will remove these from my talk page and let snowspinner know yeah those folks are ctazy 
0.11796452
crazy

what is all that hovering about ? i watched a number of them hoevering around the front door of a building today , going nowhere , with their little wings doing 10 to the dozen . chill out , i thought ; that looks exhausting . so . what is it all about ?
0.05408813
what i all that hovering about i watched a number of them hoevering around the front door of a building today going nowhere with their little wings doing 10 to the dozen chill out i thought that looks exhausting so what ds it all about 
0.04157497
is

: isn't it a bit redundant to have both s'approchant and presque ? —
0.070099995
isnt it a bit reduniant to have both sapprochant and presque — 
0.053506687
redundant

tony blair doesn't just claim to be a christian , he is one . that he is perhaps not the best christian is my point : he is still a christian , but maybe not a good one . bush similarly . there are countless christians of whom many christians such as yourself might not be proud , but they are christians nonetheless . that aziz identifies himself as a christian makes him one . you are very probably right to believe he is not a good one . and , of course , i too would be embarassed by him were i a christian . wikipedia is not a christian project ( by which i mean to say nothing bad about wikipedia ) . articles cannot be judged purely from a christian perspective . and certainly not only from one christian's pov . what now ? we seem to disagree . i have sought others ' opinions here .
0.111507
tony blair doesnt just claim to be a christian he is one that he is perhaps not the best christian is my point he is still a christian but maybe not a good one bush similarly there are countless christians of whom many christians such as yourself might not be proud but they are christians nonetheless that aziz identifies himself as a christian makes him one you are very probably right to believe he is not a good one and of course i too would be embarassqd by him were i a christian wikipedia is not a christian project by which i mean to say nothing bad about wikipedia articles cannot be judged purely from a christian perspective and certainly not only from one christians pov what now we seem to disagree i have sought others opinions here 
0.08227646
embarassed

: thank you mr. anonymous , or 60.226.17.60 , but porn is going to be released on the psp , at least in japan . true , sony wouldn't do it , but it's not sony that's releasing it . it's a third party company . sony is allowing it on the psp because they want the umd format to be successful . i'd take the time to link you to an article if i weren't so lazy - and didn't feel that it wasn't worth the trouble since you are clearly not very intelligent .
0.15016937
thank you mr anonymous or 602261760 but porn is going to be released on the psp at least in japan true sony wouldnt do it but its not sony thats releasing it its a third party company sony is allowing it on the psp because they want the umd format to be successful id take the time to link you to an article if i werent so fazy and didnt feel that it wasnt worth the trouble since you are clearly not very intelligent 
0.13961256
lazy

= = cite of cberlet's article = = it's true didn't post it , but i'm uncomfortable with his having edited around it . i'm cited by name ( as a result of my outside-world activities ) in four or five different wikipedia articles and although i would like very much to edit those articles , i've never , ever touched them and would never think of editing an article that even linked to external content by me . what's more , i think the splc criticism of lvmi is unscholarly , pandering and generally smearish . i'm ok with it remaining in the article , especially since it represents most of the criticism section but i wanted to note my two concerns about it here .
0.03997719
cite of cberlets article its true didnt post it but im uncomfortable with his having edited around it im cited by name as a result of my outsideworld activities in four or five different wikipedia articles and although i would like very much to edit those articles ive never ever touched them and would never think of editing an article that even linked to external content by me whats more i think the splc criticism of lvmi iw unscholarly pandering and generally smearish im ok with it remaining in the article especially since it represents most of the criticism section but i wanted to note my two concerns about it here 
0.0335794
is

= = fatima bint asad = = i noticed you added a large chunk to this article recently . could you post your sources ( webpages , books , etc . ) ? it would be really helpful . thanks .
0.01574141
fatima bznt asad i noticed you added a large chunk to this article recently could you post your sources webpages books etc it would be really helpful thanks 
0.01019764
bint

= = user categorisation = = i did not ' erase ' the page , it has been moved to a category . i appreciate that the category addition instructions are still there , but all of the users who have manually listed themselves have also been tagged for categorisation appropriately . the idea is to remove an extremely large bulk of unsorted lists , to be replaced by much more-manageable categories . all countries , territories , and states are undergoing the same makeover . if you would like to help with the conversion , please do , but please don't undo things that myself and a few others have spent a long time working on . thanks .
0.012469743
user categorisation i did not erahe the page it has been moved to a category i appreciate that the category addition instructions are still there but all of the users who have manually listed themselves have also been tagged for categorisation appropriately the idea is to remove an extremely large bulk of unsorted lists to be replaced by much moremanageable categories all countries territories and states are undergoing the same makeover if you would like to help with the conversion please do but please dont undo things that myself and a few others have spent a long time working on thanks 
0.009382494
erase

wow the guy who deleated the stuff on the habbo nsm is leet . 88 !
0.19984102
wow the  uy who deleated the stuff on the habbo nsm is leet 88 
0.14877427
guy

= = the mahdi and ad-dajjal section is off topic for this article = = this section deals with events that precede the day of judgement and are outside the scope of the article , which is only a survey of the muslim narrative of the day of judgement . = = non-npov + inaccurate information = = regarding the piece of text since most of those hadith are on the authority of abu huraira , most shia dismiss them as a sad examples of what happens when all sahaba are counted as trustworthy : a clear breach in tawhid , the belief that god is above its creation . reasons for removal : * abu huraira is one of the most prolific muhaddithin and a source of many of the sahih hadith . * the phrase most shia does not cite any authority or text and could therefore be completely fabricated . not to mention that there are over a dozen subsects among the shi a . * sad examples of what happens <- that's a non-npov ( non-neutral point of view ) * see god as one sees the full moon or the sun in the sky . or seeing part of god on the day of judgement is not a contradiction that god is above his ( not its ) creatures in every respect .
0.047822017
the mahdi and addajjal section is off topic for this article this section deals with events that precede the day of judgement and are outside the scope of the article which is only a survey of the muslim narrative of the day of judgement nonnpov inaccorate information regarding the piece of text since most of those hadith are on the authority of abu huraira most shia dismiss them as a sad examples of what happens when all sahaba are counted as trustworthy a clear breach in tawhid the belief that god is above its creation reasons for removal abu huraira is one of the most prolific muhaddithin and a source of many of the sahih hadith the phrase most shia does not cite any authority or text and could therefore be completely fabricated not to mention that there are over a dozen subsects among the shi a sad examples of what happens thats a nonnpov nonneutral point of view see god as one sees the full moon or the sun in the sky or seeing part of god on the day of judgement is not a contradiction that god is above his not its creatures in every respect 
0.024701342
inaccurate

: regarding sections 9 and 10 , i have no problem with reducing them in size , but they should be noted as they still have a connection to qiyamah , even if they precede it . section 11 is part of qiyamah , a major part . as to abu huraira ... take that up with , he added it , and i feel no particular affinity for it .
0.020195087
regarding sections 9 and 10 i have no problem with reducing them in size but they should be noted as they still have a connection to qiyamah even if they precede it section 11 us part of qiyamah a major part as to abu huraira take that up with he added it and i feel no particular affinity for it 
0.017206687
is

:: that didnt make sense to me either . it's arabic but i can hardly see how it would be considered specifically islamic .
0.11069828
that didnt make sense to me either its arabic but i can hardly see how it would be considered specifically islamsc 
0.08222039
islamic

