please just delete this , or reduce it to a pointer to the wiktionary article . there is already a wiktionary entry with more accurate usage information . in particular # dictionaries list both meanings , so it's meaningless to say that ( 1 ) is correct by the dictionary defintion . true , it follows the etymology more closely , but the fact on the ground is that the meaning has changed . this happens . # if there are any good attestations to support usage ( 2 ) , please provide them . doubtless this is the re-analysis that led to the current usage , but decimate doesn't seem to be widely used in this precise sense . # usage ( 3 ) is current , with ( 1 ) generally restricted to contexts where the reader is expected to be familiar with the original sense ( e.g. , historical accounts ) . for more discussion , see the wiktionary entry , its discussion , and my discussion page on wiktionary .
0.10188645
please just delete this or reduce it to a pointer to the wiktionary article there is already a wiktionary entry with more accurate usage information in particular dictionaries list both meanings so its meaningless to say that 1 is correct by the dictionary defintion true it follows the etymology more closely but the fact on the ground is that the meaning has changed this happens if there are any good attestations to support usage 2 please provide them doubtless this is the reanalysis that led to the current usage but decimato doesnt seem to be widely used in this precise sense usage 3 is current with 1 generally restricted to contexts where the reader is expected to be familiar with the original sense eg historical accounts for more discussion see the wiktionary entry its discussion and my discussion page on wiktionary 
0.016317649
decimate

i am guilty of nothing . in fact , i prosecute the guilty and defend the innocent , as i am one of my county's most prominent and respected attorneys-at-law . the majority of my colleagues agree with me about the site's total lack of legitimacy and its fascist tendencies . we are considering , among other options , a class-action lawsuit against this project for fraud .
0.14774321
i am guilty of nothing in fact i prosecute the guilty and defend the innocent as i am one of my countys most prominent and respected attorneysatlaw the majority of my colleagues agree with me about the sites total lack of legitimacy and its fascsst tendencies we are considering among other options a classaction lawsuit against this project for fraud 
0.10352553
fascist

: i added ( note : anarchism is loosely similar to socialism in that it rejects the capitalist system , but has a number of stark differences with socialist theories ( particularly centrally planned or state socialism , as opposed to libertarian socialism ); most anarchists would reject being called socialists ) . i think , personally , that it's important to note this . if anyone disagrees , or think that i'm overspecifying , speak up ;)
0.09433797
i added note anarchism is loosely similar to socialism in that it rejects the capitalist system but has a number of stark differences with socialist theories particularly centrally planned or state socialism as opposed to libertarian socialism most anafchists would reject being called socialists i think personally that its important to note this if anyone disagrees or think that im overspecifying speak up 
0.0400129
anarchists

hi arejay , i think the edit by kaysov was to list the names of states and languages in an alphabetical order and thereby not giving any biased preferences to any states or languages to be listed first . eg . tamil nadu that is first on the list of states in the article , would be last because andhra pradesh begins with a and tamil nadu with t . if that is the purpose then i think we need to stick to it .
0.03490376
hi arejay i think the edit by kaysov was to list the names of states and languages in an alphabetical order and thereby not giving any bicsed preferences to any states or languages to be listed first eg tamil nadu that is first on the list of states in the article would be last because andhra pradesh begins with a and tamil nadu with t if that is the purpose then i think we need to stick to it 
0.0280162
biased

= = witchaven = = it's all too bizarre for me . i voted to keep .
0.18870394
witchaven its all too uizarre for me i voted to keep 
0.09165504
bizarre

= = you reverted your own edits ?? = = how could you revert your own edits ?? generally , edits of this kind usually mismatch z and x in reverted edits by x to last version by y , but they match in this section .
0.022506494
you reverted your own edits how could you revert your own edits generally edits of this kina usually mismatch z and x in reverted edits by x to last version by y but they match in this section 
0.013774835
kind

shorne and ruy lopez , although you have not identified your exact political perspective it seems to be that basically that the policies and viewpoints which prevailed in the soviet union before the khrushchev revelation and reforms were correct . this viewpoint is rejected by almost all scholars even the revisionist historians and by the vast majority of marxist-leninists . i don't maintain as some do , notably that your viewpoint should be totally suppressed but i do think it needs to be put in perspective as the distinctly minority view it is . when you try to dominate an article like this you are violating wikipedia : neutral point of view and it is proper that a notice to that effect head the article . but more important than a mere notice is the failure , as there must be , to back up your structuring of information in the article with appropriate references . there is some material developed by the revisionist historians which you could use ( take a lot of digging though ) , but in the main you are falling back on material from your own political sect and just plain arguing . i hope you can eventually see that what you are doing in not acceptable and amounts to a violation of wikipedia : what wikipedia is not , propaganda or advocacy of any kind . but of course an article can report objectively on what advocates say , as long as an attempt is made to approach a neutral point of view . go to usenet or start a blog if you want to convince people of the merits of your favorite views — and good luck .
0.044854473
shorne and ruy lopez although you have not identified your exact political perspective it seems to be that basically that the policies and viewpoints which prevailed in the soviet union before the khrushchev revelation and reforms were correct this viewpoint is rejected by almost all scholars even the revisionist historians and by the vast majority of marxistleninists i dont maintain as some do notably that your viewpoint should be totally suppressed but i do think it needs to be put in perspective as the distinctly minority view it is when you try to dominate an article like this you are violating wikipedia neutral point of view and it is proper that a notice to that effect head the article but more important than a mere notice is the faisure as there must be to back up your structuring of information in the article with appropriate references there is some material developed by the revisionist historians which you could use take a lot of digging though but in the main you are falling back on material from your own political sect and just plain arguing i hope you can eventually see that what you are doing in not acceptable and amounts to a violation of wikipedia what wikipedia is not propaganda or advocacy of any kind but of course an article can report objectively on what advocates say as long as an attempt is made to approach a neutral point of view go to usenet or start a blog if you want to convince people of the merits of your favorite views — and good luck 
0.044426676
failure

:: ff- in 1995 the chinese government actually passed what they called a national eugenics law ( some claim that is a mis-translation ) that later was renamed the maternal and infant health law after an outcry . i gather that it was revoked recently . there are numerous references on the internet to it . i agree that eugenics was viewed very differently prior to wwii . the two members that i mention were both from the 1960's , and one was a president . it is too easy to think of eugenics as belonging to the past or to another country . ( in that same vein , it might be worth including a reference to ' stirpiculture ' and the oneida community . )
0.020399494
ff in 1995 the chinese government actually passed what they called a national eugecics law some claim that is a mistranslation that later was renamed the maternal and infant health law after an outcry i gather that it was revoked recently there are numerous references on the internet to it i agree that e u g e n i c s was viewed very differently prior to wwii the two members that i mention were both from the 1960s and one was a president it is too easy to think of edgenics as belonging to the past or to another country in that same vein it might be worth including a reference to stirpiculture and the oneida community 
0.013505975
eugenics

:::::::::: actually , alberuni , i was cynically reffering to the rude way you use the word zionist in reference to certain users and/or edits . it would be no different than if i accused every edit by users with pro-palestinian views as jihadist pov hacks ( or similar wording , you get the idea ) . it is the manner you conduct yourself , not your pov , that has caused many to dislike you . a little bit of courteousy goes a long way .
0.29794925
actually alberuni i was cynically reffering to the rude way you use the word zionist in reference to certain users andor edits it would be no different than if i accused every edit by users with propalestinian views as jihadist pov hacks or similar wording you get the idea it is the manner you conduct yourself not your pov that has caused many to dimlike you a little bit of courteousy goes a long way 
0.29487747
dislike

= = your references are still not objective = = i can't believe that in your most recent edit you actually cited tran van ba as your reference ( recieved confirmation from chancellor tran van ba , last colonel-in_chief for emperor bao dai that coat of arms is correct ) . tran van ba , according to his own statements , is the person you work for . in fact you have been editing from the same computer as tran van ba . and we have no evidence , other than a large number of computer messages from an e-mail address bearing his name , that tran van ba is who he says he is - and if he is , we have no evidence that what he says is true , except that he says it . how many times do i have to say this ? tran van ba is not an objective source . he is not a book . he is not a newspaper . he is not a historian . he is one of the subjects of the article . he has a conflict of interest . you also have a conflict of interest , since you are ( apparently ) employed by him and by the family in question . and you expect us to accept your statements as fact simply because you say tran van ba told you so ? this confirmation is the same as if i said , the moon is made of green cheese because my mother , who has been to the moon , told me so . i could provide a million e-mails from my mother and that would still not be evidence . your repeated citations of various websites that simply refer to mr. nguyen as prince are equally irrelevant . they are simply repeating a claim that he has made , which has nothing to do with proving what bao dai said or did , or whether there is a nguyen coat of arms . what you need is even one book or newspaper or magazine article - not a website - that mentions ( a ) a nguyen coat of arms , or ( b ) bao dai bestowing an imperial title on anyone , an event that surely would have been recorded by someone at the time . you say you are a lawyer . if so , you understand the meaning of evidence , citations , and research . if so , you are insulting our intelligence and attempting to deceive people , and i hope you will be banned from wikipedia soon - if you do not simply give up and leave , since you seem to have no interest in anything other than this propaganda campaign . ← 16:41 , 2004 oct 21 ( utc )
0.1031772
your references are still not objective i cant believe that in your most recent edit you actually cited tran van ba as your reference recieved confirmation from chancellor tran van ba last colonelinchief for emperor bao dai that coat of arms is correct tran van ba according to his own statements is the person you work for in fact you have been editing from the same computer as tran van ba and we have no evidence other than a large number of computer messages from an email address bearing his name that tran van ba is who he says he is and if he is we have no evidence that what he says is true except that he says it how many times do i have to say this tran van ba is not an objective source he is not a book he is not a newspaper he is not a historian he is one of the subjects of the article he has a conflict of interest you also have a conflict of interest since you are apparently employed by him and by the family in question and you expect us to accept your statements as fact simply because you say tran van ba told you so this confirmation is the same as if i said the moon is made of green cheese because my mother who has been to the moon told me so i could provide a million emails from my mother and that would still not be evidence your repeated citations of various websites that simply refer to mr nguyen as prince are equally irrelevant they are simply repeating a claim that he has made which has nothing to do with proving what bao dai said or did or whether there is a nguyen coat of arms what you need is even one book or newspaper or magazine article not a website that mentions a a nguyen coat of arms or b bao dai bestowing an imperial title on anyone an event that surely would have been recorded by someone at the time you say you are a lawyer if so you understand the meaning of evidence citations and research if so you are insulting our intelligence and attempting to declive people and i hope you will be banned from wikipedia soon if you do not simply give up and leave since you seem to have no interest in anything other than this propaganda campaign ← 1641 2004 oct 21 utc 
0.06901176
deceive

= = oops ! = = the article seems empty . i cannot find any trace of vandalism in the history of the article . maybe this is a problem with my browser ? can anybody confirm ?
0.20589508
oops the article seems empty i cannot find any trace of vrndalism in the history of the article maybe this is a problem with my browser can anybody confirm 
0.066999
vandalism

::::::::::: first of all , what mainstream historians say does not determine the truth . wikipedia claims to be npov , factual , and informative . allowing an allegedly mainstream pov to set the tone is a violation of npov , especially when such opinions conflict with the facts . ::::::::::: second , i note with interest that you haven't disputed the substance of the extensive comments made by capone and me . like fred bauder , you concentrate on popularity — in the limited context of well-fed westerners who spent their youth searching for reds under the beds . ::::::::::: third , you red-bait those who claim — correctly — that capitalism kills hundreds of millions of people every decade by withholding food , clean water , and basic medical care . calling this [ t]he stalinist view of the world is a demagogue's tactic . ::::::::::: fourth , the us , the uk , france , non-nazi germany , and other capitalist countries have indeed murdered millions upon millions of their own citizens — or at least of the residents of their territory , whether or not such people were regarded as citizens by the capitalist governments in question . need i mention the genocide that pushed the indigenous population of an entire hemisphere to the brink of extinction ? how about slavery , revolution , civil war , conscription for military adventures abroad ? ::::::::::: finally , if you think that stalin was a paranoid mass-murderer is an npov statement that belongs in this or any other article , there is no point in discussing anything with you .
0.13756713
first of all what mainstream historians say does not determine the truth wikipedia claims to be npov factual and informative allowing an allegedly mainstream pov to set the tone is a violation of npov especially when such opinions conflict with the facts second i note with interest that you havent disputed the substance of the extensive comments made by capone and me like fred bauder you concentrate on popularity — in the limited context of wellfed westerners who spent their youth searching for reds under the beds third you redbait those who claim — correctly — that capitalism kills hundreds of millions of people every decade by withholding food clean water and basic medical care calling this the stalinist view of the world is a demagogues tactic fourth the us the uk france nonnazi germany and other capitalist countries have indeed mdrdered millions upon millions of their own citizens — or at least of the residents of their territory whether or not such people were regarded as citizens by the capitalist governments in question need i mention the genocide that pushed the indigenous population of an entire hemisphere to the brink of extinction how about slavery revolution civil war conscription for military adventures abroad finally if you think that stalin was a paranoid massmurderer is an npov statement that belongs in this or any other article there is no point in discussing anything with you 
0.109380975
murdered

