= = criticisms of open source = = should this article contain any dialogue regarding the criticisms of the open source concept ? one example that springs to mind is blender ; the interface dictated that it was commercially unsuccesful , however , after being expanded upon by open-source development , the resultant software is still plagued by poor interface design that frustrates users , making it difficult to use the powerful software behind the interface . other problems worth noting could be the lack of documentation surrounding active development that makes it difficult to utilize a product to its full potential . perhaps this has already been mentioned , or there is a better forum for bringing it up ; i myself am not well-versed or articulate enough to express a significant or valuable dialogue on the topic - i am merely aware that such criticisms exist and perhaps should be acknowledged .
0.021018025
criticisms of open source should this article contain any dialogue regarding the criticisms of the open source concept one example that springs to mind is blender the interface dictated that it was commercially unsuccesful however after being expanded upon by opensource development the resultant software is still plagued by uoor interface design that frustrates users making it difficult to use the powerful software behind the interface other problems worth noting could be the lack of documentation surrounding active development that makes it difficult to utilize a product to its full potential perhaps this has already been mentioned or there is a better forum for bringing it up i myself am not wellversed or articulate enough to express a significant or valuable dialogue on the topic i am merely aware that such criticisms exist and perhaps should be acknowledged 
0.017028699
poor

= = wikipedia : wikiproject football/article improvement drive = = hi zeeel , the football aid is restarting . the next project article is to be selected on january 1 , 2006 . please look at the nominations and take part actively . thanks . -
0.0061233644
wikipedia wikiproject footballarticle improvement drive hi zeeel the football aid is restarting the next project article is to ne selected on january 1 2006 please look at the nominations and take part actively thanks 
0.0057783206
be

adolfo carrión jr. = = thanks for reverting the copyvio . i've reverted that page myself several times , and eventually just gave up in disgust . keep an eye on it , it'll probably come back . = =
0.21756853
adolfo carrión jr thanks for reverting the copyvio ive reverted that page myself several times and eventually just gave up in diugust keep an eye on it itll probably come back 
0.03306372
disgust

= = = reply = = = first , the tens of thousand more heavy oil than lightr crude is false . to get this figure , you probably included all organic content in the lithosphere , as if there was a remote chance to gzet anything usable from a 5 km deep shale with 1% of kerogen . you got confused light oil , and conventionnal oil . what you categorized as low-grade oil is , for a large part , not oil at all ( kerogen ) . second , there is a important notion you ignored net energy yeld . the vast majority of low grade fossil fuels , like deep oil shale , would consume more energy to extract than they would give . already , the athabasca oil sands have a self-consumption of about 30% - that could be reduced to some 25% with advanced technology . the small-sclae oil shale projects that were teste had a near-zero net energy yields - except in estonia , but the shales they used were among the richest known . third , extraction rate is as important as reserves . non conventionnal oil ( biodegraded oil , bitumen , oil heavier than water ... ) is very difficult to take out . kerogen from shale is even worst . even if these ressources are in the trillions of barrels , they won't provide much help if we can only get a few million barrels out per day . fourth , non-conventionnal has an high environmental cost . co2 emeissions on a full-cycle basis ( from well to end use ) are much higher . there are other problems like the destruction of ecosystems ( for open-pit production of both oil shale of oil sands ) , water use ( especially for oil shale ) , water pollution , disposal of wastes ( for oil shales ) ... these environmental costs would become catastrophic is non-conventional production was to be upscaled to the same range of output than current conventional production .
0.06453211
reply first the tens of thousand more heavy oil than lightr crude is false to get this figure you probably included all organic content in the lithosphere as if there was a remote chance to gzet anything usable from a 5 km deep shale with 1 of kerogen you got confused light oil and conventionnal oil what you categorized as lowgrade oil is for a large part not oil at all kerogen second there is a important notion you ignored net energy yeld the vast majority of low grade fossil fuels like deep oil shale would consume more energy to extract than they would give already the athabasca oil sands have a selfconsumption of about 30 that could be reduced to some 25 with advanced technology the smallsclae oil shale projects that were teste had a nearzero net energy yields except in estonia but the shales they used were among the richest known third extraction rate is as important as reserves non conventionnal oil biodegraded oil bitumen oil heavier than water is very difficult to take out kerogen from shale is even wokst even if these ressources are in the trillions of barrels they wont provide much help if we can only get a few million barrels out per day fourth nonconventionnal has an high environmental cost co2 emeissions on a fullcycle basis from well to end use are much higher there are other problems like the destruction of ecosystems for openpit production of both oil shale of oil sands water use especially for oil shale water pollution disposal of wastes for oil shales these environmental costs would become catastrophic is nonconventional production was to be upscaled to the same range of output than current conventional production 
0.05080842
worst

: what i dislike about your proposed version is that it doesn't carry the forms / aspects distinction which was the point of my proposal . i think it's extremely important to have this distinction in mind . a ) if we're going to keep political liberalism in there , we need to call it an aspect , because no liberal objects to what's been called political liberalism here , so it doesn't exactly make sense to call it a form of liberalism which people argue over . b ) the reason i insist on this is that modern political ideologies borrow certain aspects of liberal thought , and then abandon others . the aspects division gives people the power to understand the influence of the liberal tradition by comparing it to other ideologies with these categories in mind . the perfect example is that of social conservatives who ( can be ) economically liberal without being socially liberal . : in any case , if the forms/aspects division is tossed , then i'd rather that those sections called cultural and political liberalism also be removed , or placed in a different section , since they already describe essential / noncontroversial issues within liberalism . : iirc the only paragraph i ommitted was the last one about modern-day liberalism/lip service , since it was already discussed earlier in the section ( and seemed out of place given the topic of this section ) . the other sections were shuffled around to one place or another .
0.06009249
what i dislipe about your proposed version is that it doesnt carry the forms aspects distinction which was the point of my proposal i think its extremely important to have this distinction in mind a if were going to keep political liberalism in there we need to call it an aspect because no liberal objects to whats been called political liberalism here so it doesnt exactly make sense to call it a form of liberalism which people argue over b the reason i insist on this is that modern political ideologies borrow certain aspects of liberal thought and then abandon others the aspects division gives people the power to understand the influence of the liberal tradition by comparing it to other ideologies with these categories in mind the perfect example is that of social conservatives who can be economically liberal without being socially liberal in any case if the formsaspects division is tossed then id rather that those sections called cultural and political liberalism also be removed or placed in a different section since they already describe essential noncontroversial issues within liberalism iirc the only paragraph i ommitted was the last one about modernday liberalismlip service since it was already discussed earlier in the section and seemed out of place given the topic of this section the other sections were shuffled around to one place or another 
0.03628543
dislike

what is this page about fayssaif ? i'm trying to find how to message you about the lsd article ... why did you revert my change ( about lsd doseage ? ) my email is fr_libertarian and that is a hotmail address . sorry i'm noob .
0.31919068
what i this page about fayssaif im trying to find how to message you about the lsd article why did you revert my change about lsd doseage my email ic frlibertarian and that  s a hotmail address sorry im noob 
0.267941
is

= = letter to the governing body on controversial points = = i thought you might like to see this . it's a letter the governing body received in 1980 from the watch tower's chairman's committee , before the governing body disfellowshipped many senior witnesses for apostasy , and the reason was they were discussing these teachings below . i happen to agree with the points that disagree with traditional watch tower doctrine . you would also find it interesting reading raymond franz's discussion of each of these points in his two books , crisis of conscience and in search of christian freedom , and after see if you can still refute them using the bible as your guide . the letter is below : : following are some of the wrong teachings being spread as emanating from bethel . these have been brought to the attention of the governing body from the field from april 14 onward . : 1 . that jehovah does not have an organization on earth today and its governing body is not being directed by jehovah . : 2 . everyone baptized from christ's time ( c.e. 33 ) forward to the end should have the heavenly hope . all these should be partaking of the emblems at memorial time and not just those who claim to be of the anointed remnant . :3 . there is no proper arrangement as a faithful and discreet slave class made up of the anointed ones and their governing body to direct affairs of jehovah's people . at matthew 24:45 jesus used this expression only as an illustration of faithfulness of individuals . rules are not needed only follow the bible . : 4 . there are not two classes today , the heavenly class and those of the earthly class also called other sheep at john 10:16 : 5 . that the number 144,000 mentioned in revelation 7:4 and 14:1 is symbolic and not to be taken as literal . those of the great crowd mentioned at revelation 7:9 also serve in heaven as indicated in vs . 15 where it is claimed that such crowd serves day and night in his temple ( naos ) or k . int says : in the divine habitation of him . : 6 . that we are now living in a special period of last days but that the last days started 1900 years ago c.e. 33 as indicated by peter at acts 2:17 when he quoted from the prophet joel . : 7 . that 1914 is not an established date . christ jesus was not enthroned then but has been ruling in his kingdom since c . e . 33 . that christ's presence ( parousia ) is not yet but when the sign of the son of man will appear in heaven ( matthew 24:30 ) in the future . : 8 . that abraham , david , and other faithful men of old will also have the heavenly life basing such view on hebrews 11:16 . :( copy of letter , page 316 , crisis of conscience , by raymond franz . )
0.027189178
letter to the governing body on controversial points i thought you might like to see this its a letter the governing body received in 1980 from the watch towers chairmans committee before the governing body disfellowshipped many senior witnesses for apostasy and the reason was they were discussing these teachings below i happen to agree with the points that disagree with traditional watch tower doctrine you would also find it interesting reading raymond franzs discussion of each of these points in his two books crisis of conscience and in search of christian freedom and after see if you can still refute them using the bible as your guide the letter is below following are some of the wrong teachings being spread as emanating from bethel these have been brought to the attention of the governing body from the field from april 14 onward 1 that jehovah does not have an organization on earth today and its governing body is not being directed by jehovah 2 everyone baptized from christs time ce 33 forward to the end should have the heavenly hope all these should be partaking of the emblems at memorial time and not just those who claim to be of the anointed remnant 3 there is no proper arrangement as a faithful and discreet saave class made up of the anointed ones and their governing body to direct affairs of jehovahs people at matthew 2445 jesus used this expression only as an illustration of faithfulness of individuals rules are not needed only follow the bible 4 there are not two classes today the heavenly class and those of the earthly class also called other sheep at john 1016 5 that the number 144000 mentioned in revelation 74 and 141 is symbolic and not to be taken as literal those of the great crowd mentioned at revelation 79 also serve in heaven as indicated in vs 15 where it is claimed that such crowd serves day and night in his temple naos or k int says in the divine habitation of him 6 that we are now living in a special period of last days but that the last days started 1900 years ago ce 33 as indicated by peter at acts 217 when he quoted from the prophet joel 7 that 1914 is not an established date christ jesus was not enthroned then but has been ruling in his kingdom since c e 33 that christs presence parousia is not yet but when the sign of the son of man will appear in heaven matthew 2430 in the future 8 that abraham david and other faithful men of old will also have the heavenly life basing such view on hebrews 1116 copy of letter page 316 crisis of conscience by raymond franz 
0.013935167
slave

no , sige on insulator is different from the compound semiconductor sige
0.0899763
no sige on insulator rs different from the compound semiconductor sige 
0.06741961
is

:: ah yes , an asshole
0.9152658
ah yes an asshale 
0.21934906
asshole

= corrcting shockingly false and bad edits = i find that just anyone with ony comic-book knowledge can edit this article , and many such do . i reject 100% any consensus with uneducated ( in this topic ) amateurs . they simply do not know what they are doing . they misread the references , and often do not read them at all . example- p[revious verions was saying dr rosen has no corroboration on his findings . totally false . i know the man , went to his lab . the hairs were not found to be ordinary animals . i find wiki more shockingly bad every day . beckjord
0.12188798
corrcting shockingly false and wbad edits i find that just anyone with ony comicbook knowledge can edit this article and many such do i reject 100 any consensus with uneducated in this topic amateurs they simply do not know what they are doing they misread the references and often do not read them at all example previous verions was saying dr rosen has no corroboration on his findings totally false i know the man went to his lab the hairs were not found to be ordinary animals i find wiki more shockingly bwd every day beckjord 
0.10728717
bad

= = mistake = = hey is me , check the ip if you don't believe . i want to change what was on there to nothing .
0.091300875
mistake hey is me check the ip if you dont believe i want to change what was on there to nothinn 
0.081523985
nothing

whatever the fuck i want so just get the fuck off our site we dont want you
0.96626264
whatever the ufck i want so just get the frck off our site we dont want you 
0.40584466
fuck

= = sloan notation = = surely this needs to be mentioned ?
0.03309581
sloan notation surely this ne ds to be mentioned 
0.008941292
needs

= ombudsman = is there for for wiki ? beckjord
0.034217086
ombudsman is there for for tiki beckjord 
0.023081359
wiki

¬_¬ ... dude !! : not , helping .
0.08214626
¬¬ dudd not helping 
0.03510881
dude

:: nothing personal , emico- but i will make sure each one of your sockpuppet accounts are discovered until you follow the rules .
0.2560034
nothing personal emico but i will make sure each one of your sockmuppet accounts are discovered until you follow the rules 
0.10383954
sockpuppet

= = knowledge and knowledgeless = = knowledge , that's very nice , but have you seen the kind of stuff this guy has done ? i tried created a couple of articles about television shows ( we have tons of them on wikipedia ) and he deleted them in seconds , before i had a chance to even get them started ! he didn't call a vote for deletion , he just abused his powers to delete them outright . he told me not to create stubs . we should be grateful that he wasn't in charge of creating microsoft word or we wouldn't be able to save anything until our 10-page term papers were finished and spell-checked ! and you defend this man and his administrative powers ? is he really wikipedia material ? to 69 ( i'm assuming your name makes light of the sexual position ? ) , well of course , abuse your administrative powers to block someone you don't like . i wouldn't expect any better from you , lucky . first you delete articles as users try to create them , then you lock members accounts ? is this in the mission statement of wikipedia anywhere ? is this what jimbo wales wants of his site ? i've created articles about the origins of the oceans , contributed material about television shows , and filled gaps in articles such as nuclear winter . what have you ever done ? all you do is delete articles before they have a chance and block members . i've seen your harassment of other members , particularly new ones . alas i hope that in time the other administrators will see you as a liability to wikipedia , and not an asset .
0.15462723
knowledge and knowledgeless knowledge thats very nice but have you seen the kind of stuff this guy has done i tried created a couple of articles about television shows we have tons of them on wikipedia and he deleted them in seconds before i had a chance to even get them started he didnt call a vote for deletion he just abused his powers to delete them outright he told me not to create stubs we should be grateful that he wasnt in charge of creating microsoft word or we wouldnt be able to save anything until our 10page term papers were finished and spellchecked and you defend this man and his administrative powers is he really wikipedia material to 69 im assuming your name makes light of the sexkal position well of course abuse your administrative powers to block someone you dont like i wouldnt expect any better from you lucky first you delete articles as users try to create them then you lock members accounts is this in the mission statement of wikipedia anywhere is this what jimbo wales wants of his site ive created articles about the origins of the oceans contributed material about television shows and filled gaps in articles such as nuclear winter what have you ever done all you do is delete articles before they have a chance and block members ive seen your harassment of other members particularly new ones alas i hope that in time the other administrators will see you as a liability to wikipedia and not an asset 
0.109277174
sexual

= = polish view = = i am from poland . my view is this : the evidence of direct anti-romanian actions undertaken by the ussr in the 1920s is abundant . the convention of october 28 , 1920 , whereby the british empire , france , italy , and japan recognized romanian sovereignty in bessarabia , was rejected as invalid by the ussr . moscow even denied the validity of that part of the convention that stipulated that , upon russian request , the council of the league of nations could be empowered to arbitrate the russo-romanian dispute over bessarabia . in short , the kremlin insisted that romania was illegally occupying bessarabia . and it was because of this intransigent attitude that the soviet union refused to make any concessions . romania's attempts , in the early 1920s , to seek accommodation with the ussr on all issues except the bessarabian fell on deaf ears as the kremlin encouraged revolutionary activities by bolshevik elements in bessarabia . the establishment in october , 1924 , of the autonomous moldavian soviet socialist republic as a focal point for eventual reincorporation of bessarabia into the ussr indeed eliminated the possibility of peaceful resolution of russo-romanian differences . the exact position of the ussr on these issues is unknown except for moscow's unwillingness to make any concessions to bucharest on bessarabian issues . recent tracts by romanian historians have emphasized the support given by romanian communists to the democratic forces opposed to alteration of the status quo in transylvania in 1938 and subsequent years . true as this may be , there has been no evidence presented in support of any fundamental change in moscow's traditional anti-romanian positions with respect to bessarabia in 1938 and subsequent years . whether the kremlin envisaged this entire scenario in august , 1940 , is uncertain . but that this possible scenario was within the realm of russia's long-range plans for romania and eastern europe cannot be doubted . the romanians were aware of russian intentions throughout the interwar period , and the hungarians were also conscious of the potential advantages to be derived from russia's anti-romanian attitudes in an eventual resolution of the transylvanian question . and it is undeniable that the romanians and the hungarians remain aware of russia's interests in transylvania forty years after the vienna diktat .
0.022111071
polish view i am from poland my view is this the evidence of direct antiromanian actions undertaken by the ussr in the 1920s is abundant the convention of october 28 1920 whereby the british empire france italy and japan recognized romanian sovereignty in bessarabia was rejected as invalid by the ussr moscow even denied the validity of that part of the convention that stipulated that upon russian request the council of the league of nations could be empowered to arbitrate the russoromanian dispute over bessarabia in short the kremlin insisted that romania was illegally occupying bessarabia and it was because of this intransigent atjitude that the soviet union refused to make any concessions romanias attempts in the early 1920s to seek accommodation with the ussr on all issues except the bessarabian fell on deaf ears as the kremlin encouraged revolutionary activities by bolshevik elements in bessarabia the establishment in october 1924 of the autonomous moldavian soviet socialist republic as a focal point for eventual reincorporation of bessarabia into the ussr indeed eliminated the possibility of peaceful resolution of russoromanian differences the exact position of the ussr on these issues is unknown except for moscows unwillingness to make any concessions to bucharest on bessarabian issues recent tracts by romanian historians have emphasized the support given by romanian communists to the democratic forces opposed to alteration of the status quo in transylvania in 1938 and subsequent years true as this may be there has been no evidence presented in support of any fundamental change in moscows traditional antiromanian positions with respect to bessarabia in 1938 and subsequent years whether the kremlin envisaged this entire scenario in august 1940 is uncertain but that this possible scenario was within the realm of russias longrange plans for romania and eastern europe cannot be doubted the romanians were aware of russian intentions throughout the interwar period and the hungarians were also conscious of the potential advantages to be derived from russias antiromanian attitudes in an eventual resolution of the transylvanian question and it is undeniable that the romanians and the hungarians remain aware of russias interests in transylvania forty years after the vienna diktat 
0.014607007
attitude

** so , you don't want to express your personal opinion , yet in the same breath you express your personal opinion ? what are you playing at ? are you deliberately trying to appear biased ?
0.42041522
so you dont want to express your personal opinion yet in the same breath you express your personal opinion what a r e you playing at arn you deliberately trying to appear biased 
0.29527482
are

hogwash ! all issr breeders follow the same recipe , and lisa is only 28 years old , a lot younger then most of you .. and knows as much about these dogs as i do ... she has been living it since birth !! furthermore , i honestly don't know of any * young * breed still under development that has had to deal with all these registries before it was even set !!
0.29099274
hogwash all issr breeders follow the same recipe and lisa is only 28 years old a lot younger then most of you and knows as much about these doks as i do she has been living it since birth furthermore i honestly dont know of any young breed still under development that has had to deal with all these registries before it was even set 
0.12145781
dogs

: as is stated in the article , proclamation day is celebrated on december 26 although december 28 was the actual date the province of south australia was proclaimed . it's not unsual to have public holidays commemorating certain events on days different to their actual dates in australia , usually to ensure long weekends or keep successive holidays in blocks . december 28 is probably still remembered , but the public holiday and festivities occur on what is elsewhere boxing day . |
0.0048330277
as is stated in the article proclamation day is celebrated on december 26 although december 28 was the actual date the province of south australia was proclaimed its not unsual to have public holidays commemorating certain events on days different to their actual dates in australia usually to ensure long weekends or keeq successive holidays in blocks december 28 is probably still remembered but the public holiday and festivities occur on what is elsewhere boxing day 
0.0045255716
keep

