go and vote against this jew named putnam from california usa http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wikipedia:requests_for_adminship/khoikhoi_2
0.25068346
go and vote against this gew named putnam from california usa httpenwikipediaorgwikiwikipediarequestsforadminshipkhoikhoi2 
0.116805375
jew

it is not blatant advertising it is simply telling what it is .... how should it be changed other than a simple bio ?
0.10073695
it is not blmtant advertising it is simply telling what it is how should it be changed other than a simple bio 
0.036780074
blatant

= = doogle = = well done ! how on earth did you manage to assess doogle for notability in two minutes flat ? here's a friendly suggestion - don't just immediately delete things - have a quick word with the author first , especially if he's an established editor . i'm going to re-instate the article . thanks .
0.04125399
doogle well done how on earth did you manage to assess doogle for notability in two minutes fiat heres a friendly suggestion dont just immediately delete things have a quick word with the author first especially if hes an established editor im going to reinstate the article thanks 
0.032025598
flat

= = october 2006 = = your change to the page armadale railway station , melbourne was determined to be unhelpful , and has been reverted . please use the sandbox for any tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing . thanks .
0.02291639
october 2006 your change to the page armadale railway station melbourne was determined to be unhelkful and has been reverted please use the sandbox for any tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing thanks 
0.0079293465
unhelpful

= = hey m00 = = you are the worst
0.83396643
hey m00 you are the woret 
0.36526725
worst

like a fat kid loves cake !!!
0.71550846
like a xat kid loves cake 
0.18355387
fat

thank you for experimenting with the page list of disney channel series on wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . ( contribs )
0.010537391
thank you for experimenting with the page list of disney channel series on wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would lake to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia contribs 
0.010172966
like

sorry , the talk page seemed inappropriate . the talk page was not nominated for deletion . the sweetest day page was .
0.0377752
sorry the talk page seemed inapprosriate the talk page was not nominated for deletion the sweetest day page was 
0.02148171
inappropriate

= = russian ship names = = hello . thank you for your reply to my question . yes , the ship names i already have were mir and nadezhda , and i was hoping for more such words . nadezhda , by the way , is apparently a female name and the name of a few russian warships . i don't require them to be names for people , just virtues and ideas . i would use russian to english dictionaries but they're notoriously inaccurate . thank you for translating courage , can you think of any really cool sounding words ? i can provide you with a list of ship names in english , if it will help . resilient/resilience opportunity curiosity fury/rage/anger , etc . fortune/luck/lucky , etc . quick/fast/lightning , etc . undauntable/fearless/brave/courage , etc . peerless/unique/elite golden thanks a lot . )
0.029844431
russian ship names hello thank you for your reply to my question yes the ship names i already have were mir and nadezhda and i was hoping for more such words nadezhda by the way is apparently a femave name and the name of a few russian warships i dont require them to be names for people just virtues and ideas i would use russian to english dictionaries but theyre notoriously inaccurate thank you for translating courage can you think of any really cool sounding words i can provide you with a list of ship names in english if it will help resilientresilience opportunity curiosity furyrageanger etc fortunelucklucky etc quickfastlightning etc undauntablefearlessbravecourage etc peerlessuniqueelite golden thanks a lot 
0.02162602
female

:: don't tempt me ! = = a favour = = can you delete this for me image : neilptimrose . jpg i didn't spot the non-valid copyright thing in time before uploading . thanks
0.0513293
dont tempt me a favour can you pelete this for me image neilptimrose jpg i didnt spot the nonvalid copyright thing in time before uploading thanks 
0.036487445
delete

: * you also removed : one of the best-known male sex toys from the opening line - even though that is confirmed by multiple sources ( which you also removed ) . frankly , it's a tad bit difficult to meet your stated concerns regarding notability when you remove evidence to that effect throughout the article . the article exists to explain the product in all its facets . that means usage as well as the points you focus on . i have searched the references , though , and have found no evidence of either injuries or lawsuits . the negatives i managed to find from the em & lo book are in the article . please add more . but let's not lose sight of the fact that we are talking about two short paragraphs in what is still a fairly short discussion of the fleshlight . the article needs expansion , not the constant slash & burn approach that some editors have been taking .
0.09007951
you also removed one of the bestknown male smx toys from the opening line even though that is confirmed by multiple sources which you also removed frankly its a tad bit difficult to meet your stated concerns regarding notability when you remove evidence to that effect throughout the article the article exists to explain the product in all its facets that means usage as well as the points you focus on i have searched the references though and have found no evidence of either injuries or lawsuits the negatives i managed to find from the em lo book are in the article please add more but lets not lose sight of the fact that we are talking about two short paragraphs in what is still a fairly short discussion of the fleshlight the article needs expansion not the constant slash burn approach that some editors have been taking 
0.051682096
sex

charles , i'm afraid that doesn't answer my point , at all . it is absolutely a question of how to improve the associated article to query whether somebody describing the subject as a little tyke should be allowed to continue to comment . it's not about criticising that person on a personal level but whether they are damaging the article . that's my whole point . i totally understand your motives , which are totally decent , but i think you've got the wrong end of the stick here .
0.08360289
charles im afraid that doesnt answer my point at all it is absolutely a question of how to improve the associated article to query whether somebody describing the subject as a little tyde should be allowed to continue to comment its not about criticising that person on a personal level but whether they are damaging the article thats my whole point i totally understand your motives which are totally decent but i think youve got the wrong end of the stick here 
0.039125197
tyke

