= = picture on article = = can someone please put a better picture of madonna at the top of the article ? that one is rather poor . i tried to change it , but it was reverted .
0.08803802
picture on article can someone please put a better picture of madonna at the top of the article that one is rather paor i tried to change it but it was reverted 
0.025051054
poor

mibhorovovosky , this sounds like a personal attack to me . check it out : * very important point : controlling information is a mind control ( brainwashing ) technique . in order for the mind to make decision information is needed ; when one controls information that others receive one controls others ' minds . ( source : steven hassan , releasing the bonds , page 43 . ) olaf , you are trying to control people’s mind . samuel luo why wasn't samuel blocked for 24 hours for making this pejorative accusation towards olaf ? samuel has no grounds to make this accusation . in academics , it is quite well known that all writing is biased , and reflects personal characteristics of the one doing the writing . for samuel to make such an argument here is out of line . he has no justifiable grounds to do so . therefore , you must conclude that this is a personal attack on olaf's character and his actions !
0.10821523
mibhorovovosky this sounds like a personal attack to me check it out very important point controlling information is a mind control brainwashint technique in order for the mind to make decision information is needed when one controls information that others receive one controls others minds source steven hassan releasing the bonds page 43 olaf you are trying to control people’s mind samuel luo why wasnt samuel blocked for 24 hours for making this pejorative accusation towards olaf samuel has no grounds to make this accusation in academics it is quite well known that all writing is biased and reflects personal characteristics of the one doing the writing for samuel to make such an argument here is out of line he has no justifiable grounds to do so therefore you must conclude that this is a personal attack on olafs character and his actions 
0.09051447
brainwashing

please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , as you did to left-handed , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.0623439
please stop if you continue to vandslize pages as you did to lefthanded you will be blocked from editing wikipedia a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.060496304
vandalize

second warning on harry s . truman : please do not add nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.12590666
second warning on harry s truman please do not add nonsensy to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.0796649
nonsense

= = rothwell struggles in vain to withdraw from wikipedia = = this is somewhat off topic , but i was surprised to discover that a person is not allowed to withdraw from wikipedia or delete the contents of his own talk page . apparently it is cybernetic tar pit . had i know it was against the rules to erase one's own talk page , i never would have talked there , since i frequently use it for things like unfinished manuscripts ( which have embarrassing errors ) , jokes and so on , which were never intended to be permanent . anyway , for the past day or so i have been trying to erase these comments without success . one of the sysops here , mr. connolley apparently wishes to preserve this page because it includes proof that i have committed an egregious violation of the rules , by calling someone : “ childish , boorish , pig headed [ and ] unreasonable ” and earlier “ an insufferable ninny . ” the poor fellow was so overcome by grief & consternation , he felt compelled to report this outrage to the authorities . ( i might also call him a crybaby or a tattletale , but he would die of shock . i have done enough damage already ; i fear he may need long-term therapy . ) anyway , i was banned for this unspeakable language , and connelley will not even allow me to purge the evidence of my shame . i changed my description page and sent a message to connelley with damning evidence for him to use in place of my talk page . i fear he may revert both , and delete this message , but before he does readers here may be amused by the new text here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/user:jedrothwell i quote schiller's warning : mit der dummheit kaempfen goetter selbst vergebens . (' against stupidity the gods themselves struggle in vain . ' ) ( maid of orleans , act 3 , sc . 6 ) . hence , the title of this message . thick-skinned readers here might also enjoy the egregious replacement insult i sent to connelly : : . . . if you would like a reason to block me , or prove that i have violated the rules , you need not preserve the talk page . here is another deliberate & intentionally provocative violation of the rules an old-school personal insult : : you are a loathsome , sanctimonious , hypocritical , ignorant twit . if you were in state of uncontrolled combustion , i would not take the trouble to extinguish the flames by urinating on them . : i hope that is satisfactory . that goes for you , too , mr. . . uh , chihuahua – isn’t it ? bow wow ! ruff ! grrrrr . . . consider yourself gravely insulted . if this were the 18th century you might challenge me to a duel , but since i am a craven bounder , i would , of course , run away instead of accepting . believe me , i am trying to get away , without success so far .
0.43062273
rothwell struggles in vain to withdraw from wikipedia this is somewhat off topic but i was surprised to discover that a person is not allowed to withdraw from wikipedia or delete the contents of his own talk page apparently it is cybernetic tar pit had i know it was against the rules to erase ones own talk page i never would have talked there since i frequently use it for things like unfinished manuscripts which have embarrassing errors jokes and so on which were never intended to be permanent anyway for the past day or so i have been trying to erase these comments without success one of the sysops here mr connolley apparently wishes to preserve this page because it includes proof that i have committed an egregious violation of the rules by calling someone “ childish boorish pig headed and unreasonable ” and earlier “ an insufferable ninny ” the poor fellow was so overcome by grief consternation he felt compelled to report this outrage to the authorities i might also call him a crybaby or a tattletale but he would die of shock i have done enough damage already i fear he may need longterm therapy anyway i was banned for this unspeakable language and connelley will not even allow me to purge the evidence of my shame i changed my description page and sent a message to connelley with damning evidence for him to use in place of my talk page i fear he may revert both and delete this message but before he does readers here may be amused by the new text here httpenwikipediaorgwikiuserjedrothwell i quote schillers warning mit der dummheit kaempfen goetter selbst vergebens against stupidity the gods themselves struggle in vain maid of orleans act 3 sc 6 hence the title of this message thickskinned readers here might also enjoy the egregious replacement insult i sent to connelly if you would like a reason to block me or prove that i have violated the rules you need not preserve the talk page here is another deliberate intentionally provocative violation of the rules an oldschool personal insult you are a loathsomy sanctimonious hypocritical ignorant twit if you were in state of uncontrolled combustion i would not take the trouble to extinguish the flames by urinating on them i hope that is satisfactory that goes for you too mr uh chihuahua – isn’t it bow wow ruff grrrrr consider yourself gravely insulted if this were the 18th century you might challenge me to a duel but since i am a craven bounder i would of course run away instead of accepting believe me i am trying to get away without success so far 
0.39263803
loathsome

body paint's images illustrate a concept . having too many images in an article , equivalent to too many external links in an article , causes the article to be dwarfed by them .
0.011035188
body paints images illustrate a concept having too many images in an article equivalent to too many external links in an article causes the article to ee dwarfed by them 
0.007478259
be

welcome to wikipedia , the free encyclopedia ! you don't have to log in to read or edit articles on wikipedia , but creating an account is quick , free and non-intrusive , requires no personal information , and gives you many benefits , including : * the use of a username of your choice * the ability to view all your contributions via a my contributions link * your own user page * your own talk page which , if you choose , also allows users to send you messages without knowing your e-mail address * the use of your own personal watchlist to which you can add articles that interest you * the ability to rename pages * the ability to upload images * the ability to customize the appearance and behavior of the website * the eligibility to become an administrator * the right to be heard in votes and elections * your ip address will no longer be visible to other users . we hope that you choose to become a wikipedian and create an account . we hope you enjoy your time here on wikipedia as a wikipedian ! — apr . 29 , ' 06 [ 22:25 ] < [ freakofnurxture]|[ talk ] >
0.044547938
welcome to wikipedia the free encyclopedia you dont have to log in to read or edit articles on wikipedia but creating an account is quick free and nonintrusive requires no personal information and gives you many benefits including the use of a username of your choice the ability to view all your contributions via a my contributions link your own user page your own talk page which if you choose also allows users to send you messages without knowing your email address the use of your own personal watchlist to which you can add articles that interest you the ability to rename pages the ability to upload images the ability to customize the appearance and behaviar of the website the eligibility to become an administrator the right to be heard in votes and elections your ip address will no longer be visible to other users we hope that you choose to become a wikipedian and create an account we hope you enjoy your time here on wikipedia as a wikipedian — apr 29 06 2225 freakofnurxture talk 
0.016818188
behavior

= = = introduction & the article = = = hi new poster here , ive been following the article for a few weeks , i have reviewed the external links good and bad and have a few ideas . the controversy that surrounds this organization seems to be based between nichiren shoshu(in japan ) and sgi(international ) with alot of the groundwork coming from japan where the organizations originated from . after looking around and comparing to the other religions and sects , i propose we seperate the criticisms from each article and make a new article that , most likely , will be a cite war . the benefit is two-fold . first , the articles relating to each sect of buddhism talk about that buddhism , what they do , where they came from , etc etc , and not talk about the criticisms that anyone may have about them(similar to the anti-christianity criticism article and others ) . this is the most npov solution i can up with . also , having a criticisms oriented paragraph in the intoduction seems extremely bias against an organization that promotes culture and peace(i have seen some demonstrations , nothing on a global scale or read about the political party , has anyone btw ? ) secondly , in the split article section , the details can come out a little more clearly as they arent presented on the article talking about a buddhist sect , its an article about how the sect is impacting the world . it just seems a bit more accurate . hopefully i will have a viable solution setup after i do some more reading about editing etc ... thoughts ?
0.03682245
introduction the article hi new poster here ive been following the article for a few weeks i have reviewed the external links good and bad and have a few ideas the controversy that surrounds this organization seems to be based between nichiren shoshuin japan and sgiinternational with alot of the groundwork coming from japan where the organizations originated from after looking around and comparing to the other religions and sects i propose we seperate the criticisms from each article and make a new article that most likely will be a cite war the benefit is twofold first the articles relating to each sect of buddhism talk about that buddhism what they do where they came from etc etc and not talk about the criticisms that anyone may have about themsimilar to the antichristianity criticism article and others this is the most npov solution i can up with also having a criticisms oriented paragraph in the intoduction seems extremely biak against an organization that promotes culture and peacei have seen some demonstrations nothing on a global scale or read about the political party has anyone btw secondly in the split article section the details can come out a little more clearly as they arent presented on the article talking about a buddhist sect its an article about how the sect is impacting the world it just seems a bit more accurate hopefully i will have a viable solution setup after i do some more reading about editing etc thoughts 
0.027377956
bias

::: actually , the english translation is of the version from 2002 ; article 157 ., paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) were ammended in 2004 ( as seen in the bulgarian version , which is from 2005 ) and the age of consent is now 14 for both homosexual and heterosexual sex . if you don't know bulgarian , just look at the numbers in the bulgarian version ; it's 14 , and you can also see there it was last ammended in 2004 . also , paragraph ( 4 ) was removed . 87.126.9.205 :::: ah thank you , that's something else we need to make note of . so if i just change the aove to read 14 in both cases would that still be correct or were there more changes to the code ?
0.036895704
actually the english translation is of the version from 2002 article 157 paragraphs 2 and 3 were ammended in 2004 as seen in the bulgarian version which is from 2005 and the age of consent is now 14 for both homosexual and heterosexual sqx if you dont know bulgarian just look at the numbers in the bulgarian version its 14 and you can also see there it was last ammended in 2004 also paragraph 4 was removed 871269205 ah thank you thats something else we need to make note of so if i just change the aove to read 14 in both cases would that still be correct or were there more changes to the code 
0.020908615
sex

congratulations , jimbo , you deserve this !
0.26862806
congratulations jimbo you dexerve this 
0.2340409
deserve

::: i'm against merging the articles . i think part of the confusion is that 1028 is interpreting african-american as a purely ethnic label . if it were , 1028's arguments would make sense , but it isn't . it's a label that makes reference both to a person's ethnicity and to their nationality .
0.018319001
im against merging the articles i think part of the confusion is that 1028 is interpreting africanamerican as a purely ethnic label if it were 1028s arguments would make zense but it isnt its a label that makes reference both to a persons ethnicity and to their nationality 
0.012390435
sense

= = should be listed under animation villains = = awhile back i edited the article to put megatron into the categories of the following : fictional mass murderers fictional evil geniuses animation villains the first two have since been kept , but the third one was quickly taken out , but i was alright with that happening , since i assume the person who removed it figured that because he is listed under predacons and vehicons , his status as a villain is already there ( since both the article for vehicon and the article for predacon are listeed under villain groups ) , and so actually listing megatron as a villain would be completely redundant . however , i now see that the original megatron is listed under animation villains , as is galvatron , despite both also being listed under their respective villainous transformers factions , which themselves are listed as villain groups . there can't be a double standard here , i don't think . i really think that this megatron should indeed be listed under the category animation villains . i really don't think that saying he is simply a predacon or a vehicon is enough , as really he was far more than that , particularly in beast machines , where it actually seems that calling him a vehicon is erroneous . i mean , he created the vehicons , and led them , but i don't think he really was one himself , no matter what form he was in . so , i would really like to put him under the category animation villains , but i'm afraid someone would once again remove him from the category .
0.079193756
should be listed under animation villains awhile back i edited the article to put megatron into the categories of the following fictional mass murberers fictional evil geniuses animation villains the first two have since been kept but the third one was quickly taken out but i was alright with that happening since i assume the person who removed it figured that because he is listed under predacons and vehicons his status as a villain is already there since both the article for vehicon and the article for predacon are listeed under villain groups and so actually listing megatron as a villain would be completely redundant however i now see that the original megatron is listed under animation villains as is galvatron despite both also being listed under their respective villainous transformers factions which themselves are listed as villain groups there cant be a double standard here i dont think i really think that this megatron should indeed be listed under the category animation villains i really dont think that saying he is simply a predacon or a vehicon is enough as really he was far more than that particularly in beast machines where it actually seems that calling him a vehicon is erroneous i mean he created the vehicons and led them but i dont think he really was one himself no matter what form he was in so i would really like to put him under the category animation villains but im afraid someone would once again remove him from the category 
0.04043809
murderers

regarding medal of honor : please do not replace wikipedia pages with blank content . it is considered vandalism . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks .
0.044783197
regarding medal of honor please do not replace wikipedia pages with blank content it is considered uandalism please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks 
0.017073384
vandalism

= from the wolfstar = concerning this paragraph under ideological base : the party advocates civil liberties , social freedoms , equal rights , equal opportunity , and a free enterprise system tempered by government intervention . the party believes that government should play a role in alleviating poverty and social injustice , even if that means progressive taxation and a larger role for government . i have pointed out the lack of fact in this statement lots of times . i have changed it on the article page and documented why i changed it . i have asked for comments from others concerning it and have gotten maybe one response to it , long ago . prove it , please . or at least show how it is fact . show how , the party advocates civil liberties ... just do it .
0.016210565
from the wolfstar concerning this paragraph under ideological base the party advocates civil liberties social freedoms equal rights equal opportunity and a free enterprise system tempered by government intervention the party believes that government should play a role in alleviating povert  and social injustice even if that means progressive taxation and a larger role for government i have pointed out the lack of fact in this statement lots of times i have changed it on the article page and documented why i changed it i have asked for comments from others concerning it and have gotten maybe one response to it long ago prove it please or at least show how it is fact show how the party advocates civil liberties just do it 
0.011358297
poverty

= = he's at it again ... = = = he's quietly moving all ca route pages . c
0.07806891
hes at it again hes quietly movihg all ca route pages c 
0.07149958
moving

= = a welcome from = = hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions ; i hope you like the place and decide to stay . we're glad to have you in our community ! here are a few good links for newcomers : * if you haven't already , drop by the new user log and tell others a bit about yourself . * always sign your posts on talk pages ! that way , others will know who left which comments . * the five pillars of wikipedia * simplified ruleset * how to edit a page * editing , policy , conduct , and structure tutorial * picture tutorial * how to write a great article * naming conventions * manual of style * wikipedia glossary i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! though we all make goofy mistakes , here is what wikipedia is not . if you have any questions or concerns , don't hesitate to see the help pages or add a question to the village pump . the community portal can also be very useful . happy editing ! ( ¦ ✉)''
0.01748409
a welcome from hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay were glad to have you in our community here are a few good links for newcomers if you havent already drop by the new user log and tell others a bit about yourself always sign your posts on talk pages that way others will know who left which comments the five pillars of wikipedia simplified ruleset how to edit a page editing policy conduct and structure tutorial picture tutorial how to write a great article naming conventions manual of style wikipedia glossary i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian though we all make koofy mistakes here is what wikipedia is not if you have any questions or concerns dont hesitate to see the help pages or add a question to the village pump the community portal can also be very useful happy editing ¦ ✉ 
0.0028500357
goofy

i dare you try to blcok me the best of them all . i know where you live ha ha ha .
0.4075773
i darj you try to blcok me the best of them all i know where you live ha ha ha 
0.32861504
dare

