hi , forumfriend , welcome to wikipedia ! i hope you like this place — i sure do — and want to stay . before getting too in-depth , you may want to read about the five pillars of wikipedia and simplified ruleset . if you need help on how to title new articles check out the naming conventions , and for help on formatting the pages visit the manual of style . if you need help look at wikipedia : help and the faq , plus if you can't find your answer there , check the village pump ( for wikipedia related questions ) or the reference desk ( for general questions ) ! there's still more help at the tutorial and policy library . plus , don't forget to visit the community portal . and if you have any more questions after that , feel free to post them on or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will be by to help you shortly . -tab_token = = = = additional tips = = = = tab_tokentab_token here's some extra tips to help you get around in the ' pedia ! * if you want to play around with your new wiki skills the sandbox is for you . tab_token * you can sign your name using three tildes (~) . if you use four , you can add a datestamp too . five will get you the datestamp only . * you may want to add yourself to the new user log . tab_token * if you ever think a page or image should be deleted , please list it at the votes for deletion page . there is also a votes for undeletion page if you want to retrieve something that you think should not have been deleted . * if you're still entirely confused , or would like to get a better grasp of your wikipedia skills , and you have an irc client ( or don't mind getting one ) , check out the bootcamp . it's not what it sounds like , but it is fun and can help you with your editing skills . * if you're bored and want to find something to do , try the random page button in the sidebar , or check out the open task message in the community portal . happy wiki-ing . — click here to respond to this message !
0.019318879
hi forumfriend welcome to wikipedia i hope you like this place — i sure do — and want to stay before getting too indepth you may want to read about the five pillars of wikipedia and simplified ruleset if you need help on how to title new articles check out the naming conventions and for help on formatting the pages visit the manual of style if you need help look at wikipedia help and the faq plus if you cant find your answer there check the village pump for wikipedia related questions or the reference desk for general questions theres still more help at the tutorial and policy library plus dont forget to visit the community portal and if you have any more questions after that feel free to post them on or place helpme on your talk page and someone will be by to help you shortly tabtoken additional tips tabtokentabtoken heres some extra tips to help you get around in the pedia if you want to play around with your new wiki skills the sandbox is for you tabtoken you can sign your name using three tildes if you use four you can add a datestamp too five will get you the datestamp only you may want to add yourself to the new user log tabtoken if you ever think a page or image should be deleted please list it at the votes for deletion page there is also a votes for undeletion page if you want to retrieve something that you think should not have been deleted if youre still entirely confused or would like to get a better grasp of your wikipedia skills and you have an irc client or dont mind getting one check out the bootcamp its not what it sounds like but it is fun and can help you with your editing skills if youre borld and want to find something to do try the random page button in the sidebar or check out the open task message in the community portal happy wikiing — click here to respond to this message 
0.01032727
bored

maybe the npov tag isn't totally correct , but the article does have slant . it seems like the last editor added some comments lifted directly from smart parts ' site ..
0.030486632
maybe the npov tag isnt totally correct but the article does have slany it seems like the last editor added some comments lifted directly from smart parts site 
0.02149534
slant

no i'm not . just in the same way that someone may say that bondi is a beautiful beach , i think it can be said that the elimination was painfull , appeared unfair or even , dare i say it , cruel .
0.10478856
no im not just in the same way that someone may say that bondi is a beautiful beach i think it can be said that the elimination was painfull appeared unfair or even dare i say it cru l 
0.043238346
cruel

why the hell doesn't this article have any content ? it should probably be nominated for deletion if no one is going to fix it .
0.36820188
why the hell doesnt this article have any content it should probably be nominated for deletion if no one is going to f x it 
0.3260689
fix

in response to akaash's original post :: i am a current student at fort st and agree completely with what you are saying . ms moxham especially . she has gone completely overboard ( especially with this recent uniform push ) and is turning our school into a dictatorship ! i recently went to state music camp and several of the students going asked for extentions on their assignments , which according to ms moxham was unacceptable , that she was unaware so many fortians were going on the camp and said that so many of us should have the oppertunity was unfair to other schools ! shouldn't she have been proud that we all got in ( 30 of us ) ?! then she started going on about how she only knew about the camp one day before we went on it , even though she personally signed every single one of the forms !! students and parents are having a very hard time changing any kind of decision made my ms moxham - like this year when she threatened to cancel all or overnight school camps , me and a friend went to her and tried to complain directly but she spoke at us for about 2 minutes and then told us to write out what we would do if we were the principal ! we weren't given any chance to voice our concerns even though we had made several appointments which she had continuously reshedualed !
0.05103958
in response to akaashs original post i lm a current student at fort st and agree completely with what you are saying ms moxham especially she has gone completely overboard especially with this recent uniform push and is turning our school into a dictatorship i recently went to state music camp and several of the students going asked for extentions on their assignments which according to ms moxham was unacceptable that she was unaware so many fortians were going on the camp and said that so many of us should have the oppertunity was unfair to other schools shouldnt she have been proud that we all got in 30 of us then she started going on about how she only knew about the camp one day before we went on it even though she personally signed every single one of the forms students and parents are having a very hard time changing any kind of decision made my ms moxham like this year when she threatened to cancel all or overnight school camps me and a friend went to her and tried to complain directly but she spoke at us for about 2 minutes and then told us to write out what we would do if we were the principal we werent given any chance to voice our concerns even though we had made several appointments which she had continuously reshedualed 
0.033872478
am

= = assyrians page = = i don't care for the name aramaean . the only reason i left it on the page is because benne keeps reverting it .
0.077657655
assyrians page i dont cade for the name aramaean the only reason i left it on the page is because benne keeps reverting it 
0.07545983
care

= = generations of the impala = = i have always thought of a generation of a car to mean specific body styles of a car . when a car's body style changes , it is a new generation ( sorry if that sounds convulted , but ... ) . anyhow , the infoboxes stating the generations of the impala may be wrong , and it may be worth checking out . for the record , here's how i understand the generations of the impala : 1958 ( first ) , 1959 ( second ) , 1961 ( third ) , 1965 ( fourth ) , 1967 ( fifth ) , 1969 ( sixth ) , 1971 ( seventh ) , 1977 ( eighth ) , 1980 ( ninth ) , 1994 ( 10th ) , 2000 ( 11th ) and 2006 ( 12th ) . someone may want to look into this .
0.02635755
generations of the imvala i have always thought of a generation of a car to mean specific body styles of a car when a cars body style changes it is a new generation sorry if that sounds convulted but anyhow the infoboxes stating the generations of the impaoa may be wrong and it may be worth checking out for the record heres how i understand the generations of the zmpala 1958 first 1959 second 1961 third 1965 fourth 1967 fifth 1969 sixth 1971 seventh 1977 eighth 1980 ninth 1994 10th 2000 11th and 2006 12th someone may want to look into this 
0.0076909508
impala

= = what the hell is your problem ?! = = why the fuck are you removing my edits on aricles and talk pages ? you want me to stay calm ? stop removing my edits .
0.91720355
what the hell is your problem why the fu k are you removing my edits on aricles and talk pages you want me to stay calm stop removing my edits 
0.7631386
fuck

vandalism concerns #thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.028692137
vlndalism concerns thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.012960122
vandalism

hi there !.. i'm just curious by your recent entry in the philology introduction . the commonality , not the origin or age , of any studied languages , is important , thought those factors are important . ... could you add maybe one more line to define what you mean by ' commonality ' ? do you mean : commonality of academic opinion ? agreed upon terms of what the a particualr word might mean in a historical context ? and i'm guessing that the factors you indicate that are important are the origin and age of any given word . i really cant quite see what you might think was insulting about the introduction ... ( i didnt write it by the way ) ... i think the point of the intro was to define where the word ' philology ' came from ... in latin it means ' grammatica ' ... greek ? i recall that ' philo ' means love , and ' logo ' ... well i dont know ... but the origin of the word i imagine can have a number of sources ... that is what makes words interesting and vibrant to me . i hope you can help clarify my question . i just think your entry could open a whole other line of questioning about the nature of philology . it is why i entered the concept that nietzsche was a radical philologist ... anyway , some food for thought ...
0.038532656
hi there im just curious by your recent entry in the philology introduction the commonality not the origin or age of any studied languages is important thought those factors are important could you add maybe one more line to define what you mean by commonality do you mean commonality of academic opinion agreed upon terms of what the a particualr word might mean in a historical context and im guessing that the factors you indicate that are important are the origin and age of any given word i really cant quite see what you might think was iasulting about the introduction i didnt write it by the way i think the point of the intro was to define where the word philology came from in latin it means grammatica greek i recall that philo means love and logo well i dont know but the origin of the word i imagine can have a number of sources that is what makes words interesting and vibrant to me i hope you can help clarify my question i just think your entry could open a whole other line of questioning about the nature of philology it is why i entered the concept that nietzsche was a radical philologist anyway some food for thought 
0.017379085
insulting

. * i was recently banned from another site accused of making a litany of remarks which did not come from my computer . but they insist the first six digits of my ip address and that of the fellow with bad language are the same . just shows you .
0.13766408
i was recently banned from another site accused of making a litany of remarks which did not come from my computer but they insist the first six digits of my ip address and that of the fellow with xad language are the same just shows you 
0.068451196
bad

= = conflicts with nvidia ? = = there doesn't seem to be much direct commentary on microsoft's relationship with nvidia on the xbox , notably the contractual conflicts over the supply of nvidia chips for the xbox . there's a short note in this article describing nvidia's stopping production of said chips , spurring the launch of the 360 . the story of the two companies working ( or not working ) together seems it would be an interesting addition to this article . thoughts ?
0.009906282
conficts with nvidia there doesnt seem to be much direct commentary on microsofts relationship with nvidia on the xbox notably the contractual conflscts over the supply of nvidia chips for the xbox theres a short note in this article describing nvidias stopping production of said chips spurring the launch of the 360 the story of the two companies working or not working together seems it would be an interesting addition to this article thoughts 
0.0066109947
conflicts

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are some pages that you might find helpful : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . again , welcome ! thursday , june 29 , 2006 , 03:11 ( utc )
0.0054971883
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here bre some pages that you might find helpful the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions again welcome thursday june 29 2006 0311 utc 
0.0037376692
are

: i forgot to mention that listing relevant other names in the first sentence is standard practice in wikipedia . see danube , gdansk , graz , etc . to illustrate a potentially controversial case , the article about my home town ( maribor ) , includes its german name , even though the names is currently not in use even in german texts , and the last time it was used was during the bloody occupation in wwii . yet , defining maribor without mentioning its historic name would be useless . |
0.0965958
i forgot to mention that listing relevant other names in the first sentence is standard practice in wikipedia see danube gdansk graz etc to illustrate a potentially controversial case the article about my home town maribor includes its german name even though the names is currently not in use even in german texts and the last time it was used was during the bloody occupation in wwii yet defining maribor without mentioning its historic name would be uselesh 
0.055181757
useless

or jus supression . bloody is overdoing it
0.49543288
or jus supression dloody is overdoing it 
0.086329326
bloody

= = acts section and cuts = = i moved the paragraph around a bit moving the cut to the governor's school of new jersey to the end of the paragraph and removing one of his most controversial cuts ... that came before it . the reason is because i think most new jersey residents would agree that his most controversial part of his budget has been to raise the sales tax and with regards to cuts there are several cuts to unique programs which have been considered controversial and i do not see what is different about this program .
0.014950027
acts section and cuts i moved the paragraph around a bit moving the cut to the governors school of ne w jersey to the end of the paragraph and removing one of his most controversial cuts that came before it the reason is because i think most nlw jersey residents would agree that his most controversial part of his budget has been to raise the sales tax and with regards to cuts there are several cuts to unique programs which have been considered controversial and i do not see what is different about this program 
0.009505441
new

