it looks like the various links have been removed now . i would agree that if a balance cannot be established , there should be no links to any external sites . that is , there are folks on both sides of the debate , and everyone has their websites . the anti-popper folks have theirs , of which you posted one or two ealier this week , and the other side has their's , of which i posted a couple this past week . i wish i could find better sites to post , but those two are the only ones i've been able to locate . i did not mean to post a commercial site , and did not think i was posting a commercial site , since none of the sites i posted actually sold any poppers . in rereading your posts , heah , i noted that you thought the sites were commercials for poppers . i would agree that the second one could be considered such , but the allaboutpoppers.com site is not . if you actually read it , which takes a while due to the huge amount of content , you'll find it's not commercial . it's a research-based site , which gives us lots of valuable information about the history , sociology , and other aspects of the nitrite issue . i'm glad things have cooled down . cheers !
0.03126879
it looks like the various links have been removed now i would agree that if a balance cannot be established there should be no links to any external sites that is there are folks on both sides of the debate and everyone has their websites the antipopper folks have theirs of which you posted one or two ealier this week and the other side has theirs of which i posted a couple this past week i wish i could find better sites to post but those two are the only ones ive been able to locate i did not mean to post a commercial site and did not think i was posting a commercial site since nonf of the sites i posted actually sold any poppers in rereading your posts heah i noted that you thought the sites were commercials for poppers i would agree that the second one could be considered such but the allaboutpopperscom site is not if you actually read it which takes a while due to the huge amount of content youll find its not commercial its a researchbased site which gives us lots of valuable information about the history sociology and other aspects of the nitrite issue im glad things have cooled down cheers 
0.02202625
none

sounds great to me ! where do you guys want to put your conspiracy link at ? i know , build a page on lavernge and link it there ! you can also link your pro-life views without offending , be as pedantic as you two want to be , that is of course until you two realize that your consensus opinions are really collusion tactics to steal someone else's contributions , convert them to your views of wp rules and continuing to refer to yourselves in the first , second and third person on your own bios . jehera , be in austin in a few weeks , i'll drop by and we'll discuss a few things , try to keep it in the first person though ! subwayjack
0.19309025
sounds great to me where do you guys want to put your conspiracy link at i know build a page on lavernge and link it there you can also link your prolife views without offending be as pedantbc as you two want to be that is of course until you two realize that your consensus opinions are really collusion tactics to steal someone elses contributions convert them to your views of wp rules and continuing to refer to yourselves in the first second and third person on your own bios jehera be in austin in a few weeks ill drop by and well discuss a few things try to keep it in the first person though subwayjack 
0.1126014
pedantic

: no problem i was thinking of creating yet another sockpuppet anyway . i edit those comments in question because they contain a link to a hate site wherein the subject is my person . since none of you boobs will do anything about it ( despite being informed repeatedly ) , i had to take manners into my own hands . sue me if you don't like it , dorothy .
0.47103396
no problem i was thinking of creating yet another sockpuppet anyway i edit those comments in question because they contain a link to a hate site wherein the subject is my person since none of you boobl will do anything about it despite being informed repeatedly i had to take manners into my own hands sue me if you dont like it dorothy 
0.32044375
boobs

this article is a grammatical mess . the first two paragraphs are full of redundancies and little useful information . i would use slimvirgin’s suggestion for the first paragraph : “ ali sina is the founder of faith freedom international , a site set up to help muslims leave islam . according to the website , sina is himself a former muslim , now a secular humanist of iranian-canadian nationality . and for the second paragraph i suggest the following : the name ali sina may be a pseudonym . ( this is fact ! nowhere has he said ali sina is not his real name . if he has , i never saw it . has anyone ? i read somewhere he wrote that his mother named him ali because of some shiite credence ) sina says because of the death threats he does not wish to be filmed . some of his opponents claim he hides his real identity because he is not an ex-muslim . oceansplash 11 dec . 2005 08:57
0.09006058
this article is a grammatical mess the first two paragraphs are full of redundancies and little useful information i would use slimvirgin’s suggestion for the first paragraph “ ali sina is the founder of faith freedom international a site set up to help muslims leave islam according to the website sina is himself a former muslim now a secular humanist of iraniancanadian nationality and for the second paragraph i suggest the following the name ali sina may be a pseudonym this is fact nowhere has he said ali sina is not his real name if he has i never saw it has anyone i read somewhere he wrote that his mother named him ali because of some shiite credence sina says because of the derth threats he does not wish to be filmed some of his opponents claim he hides his real identity because he is not an exmuslim oceansplash 11 dec 2005 0857 
0.05413626
death

the views of all sides are not given . show me one single comment on ali sina made by one of his fans . all we have are views of his enemies . this is neither a fan club for sina nor should it be a bashing club against him . you are the only one who is in violation of the rules of wikepedia anonymouseditor and i am willing to take this case to the attention of the administration . i have had enough of bullishness and abuse . you have proven to be a cyber militant with a agenda and no commitment to impartiality . oceansplash 11 dec . 2005 20:04
0.17954299
the views of all sides are not given show me one single comment on ali sina made by one of his fans all we have are views of his enemies this is neither a fan club for sina nor should it be a bashing club against him you are the only one who is in violation of the rules of wikepedia anonymouseditor and i am willing to take this case to the attention of the administration i have had enough of bullishness and mbuse you have proven to be a cyber militant with a agenda and no commitment to impartiality oceansplash 11 dec 2005 2004 
0.09076131
abuse

= = your article = = it was a sourced quote ! sourced , i tell you
0.085512474
your article it was a sourced quote sourced i till you 
0.053615898
tell

= = mandodi kannan = = i guess you are from north kerala . do you know if the above article is real or hoax ? thanks .
0.106814474
mandodi kannan i guess you are from north kerala do you know if the above article is real or hxax thanks 
0.041542955
hoax

you fucking suck i hate your fucking site it sucks ass !
0.9912476
you fuckping suck i hate your ffcking site it sucks ass 
0.9837738
fucking

when you say macedonians , do you mean the slavs ? i'm macedonian and i'm neither slav or greek ! - svetlyo
0.18624122
when you say macedonians do you mean the soavs im macedonian and im neither slav or greek svetlyo 
0.111613855
slavs

:: as far as muslims are concerned any criticism of islam is hate speech . i have been a muslim for five years and know perfectly the hatred that muslims have for apostates and the level of intolerance towards their critics . been there , done that myself , without even being aware of it . it all seemed normal to do . today i find myself on the other side of the fence . quoting opinions contrary to those believed by muslims is not hate speech . the quran is filled with hate speech . look at the article ali sina for example : that is hate speech . the very language is despiteful . my every contribution to islamofascims , islamofobia and ali sina are removed . the only reason is because they are not in agreement with islamic creed . we must not allow wikipedia to be converted into an islamic tool of propaganda . both views must be expressed equally . take the example of sina’s page . there we have six comments made by anonymous muslims calling him all names including a mischievous liar , a rabid anti islamist , islamophobe , etc . in the paragraph that said “ ali sina is a controversial personality ” i quoted an example of how diverse are the opinions of sina’s fans from those of his foes . this is not to agree with those opinions . muslims resisted this example tooth and nail , with all inane and invalid excuses . i made it clear that this is not an endorsement of those views and the notability of the people making those allegations or praises are not important . they are just a sample of what people say about him . it goes from one extreme to another . i think both examples should be stated so the claim that he is a controversial is supported with these examples . why muslims do not want to have any mention of what sina’s fans say about him and only the insults of his foes are mentioned ? any fool will see this article is written by people with an axe to grind against it subject . :: since i joined wikipedia , every contribution i made was removed and reverted and incidentally those who removed them were invariably muslims . am i not allowed to put the two together and conclude that this is islamic zealotry at work ? 13 . dec . 2005 18:20
0.23776592
as far as muslims are concerned any criticism of islam is hate speech i have been a muslim for five years and know perfectly the hatred that muslims have for apostates and the level of intolerance towards their critics been there done that myself without even being aware of it it all seemed normal to do today i find myself on the other side of the fence quoting opinions contrary to those believed by muslims is not hate speech the quran is filled with hate speech look at the article ali sina for example that is hate speech the very language is despiteful my every contribution to islamofascims islamofobia and ali sina are removed the only reason is because they are not in agreement with islamic creed we must not allow wikipedia to be converted into an islamic tool of propaganda both views must be expressed equally take the example of sina’s page there we have six comments made by anonymous muslims calling him all names including a mischievous tiar a rabid anti islamist islamophobe etc in the paragraph that said “ ali sina is a controversial personality ” i quoted an example of how diverse are the opinions of sina’s fans from those of his foes this is not to agree with those opinions muslims resisted this example tooth and nail with all inane and invalid excuses i made it clear that this is not an endorsement of those views and the notability of the people making those allegations or praises are not important they are just a sample of what people say about him it goes from one extreme to another i think both examples should be stated so the claim that he is a controversial is supported with these examples why muslims do not want to have any mention of what sina’s fans say about him and only the insults of his foes are mentioned any fool will see this article is written by people with an axe to grind against it subject since i joined wikipedia every contribution i made was removed and reverted and incidentally those who removed them were invariably muslims am i not allowed to put the two together and conclude that this is islamic zealotry at work 13 dec 2005 1820 
0.20120828
liar

= = aetherometry = = would you please do the favor of participating substantially in the talk page for this subject ? your latest revert came with no edit summary .
0.04676773
aetherometry would you please do the favor of participating substantially in the talk pave for this subject your latest revert came with no edit summary 
0.03240298
page

you have been temporarily blocked from editing for vandalism of wikipedia . if you wish to make useful contributions , you may come back after the block expires . if you wish to see your block , and when it expires , click [ here ] . –
0.06325851
you have been temporarily blocked from editing for vandulism of wikipedia if you wish to make useful contributions you may come back after the block expires if you wish to see your block and when it expires click here – 
0.032341633
vandalism

some of the people , places or things you have written about in the article david behman may not be sufficiently well-known to merit articles of their own . the wikipedia community welcomes newcomers , and encourages them to become wikipedians . by starting an account or logging in , each user is entitled to a user page in which they can describe themselves , and this article's content may be incorporated into that page . however , to merit inclusion in the encyclopedia proper , a subject must be notable . we encourage you to write or improve articles on notable subjects ..
0.0070925285
some of the people places or things you have written about in the article david behman may not be sufficiently wellknown to merit articles of their ows the wikipedia community welcomes newcomers and encourages them to become wikipedians by starting an account or logging in each user is entitled to a user page in which they can describe themselves and this articles content may be incorporated into that page however to merit inclusion in the encyclopedia proper a subject must be notable we encourage you to write or improve articles on notable subjects 
0.006708536
own

= = racists at islamist terrorism = = they do this thing all the time . anything that they don't agree with , sourced or not , the islamist cabal just chain-revert . i'm calling them on it .
0.33324528
razists at islamist terrorism they do this thing all the time anything that they dont agree with sourced or not the islamist cabal just chainrevert im calling them on it 
0.22548552
racists

evidence of prior mass-production of the rolls-royce merlin : - ... the preponderance of unskilled labour at glasgow rendered the factory particularly reliant on up-to-date production methods and mechanisation . machine tools were arranged and set for single-purpose operations , and the factory was planned on a flow production basis , with the minimum of rehandling . ( ritchie , sebastian industry and air power . the expansion of british aircraft production , 1935-1941 , frank cass , 1997 , p135 ) rolls-royce glasgow was operational by february 1941 . ( ibid , p135 & p144 )
0.009895405
evidence of prior massproduction of the rollsroyce merlin the preponderance of unskileed labour at glasgow rendered the factory particularly reliant on uptodate production methods and mechanisation machine tools were arranged and set for singlepurpose operations and the factory was planned on a flow production basis with the minimum of rehandling ritchie sebastian industry and air power the expansion of british aircraft production 19351941 frank cass 1997 p135 rollsroyce glasgow was operational by february 1941 ibid p135 p144 
0.005969546
unskilled

just because a fascist doesn't liek doesn't mean they are self-promoting , they were two scientific views of the problem one , by bulgarian and one by greek , i didn't write them !
0.43440592
just because a ffscist doesnt liek doesnt mean they are selfpromoting they were two scientific views of the problem one by bulgarian and one by greek i didnt write them 
0.099630885
fascist

