= = 3rr warning = = if an individual is at 3 reverts then you make that warning . i've only got two . if you want your warning to stick make a report on wp : ani about it . ''''
0.09804212
3rr warning if an individual is at 3 reverts then you make that warning ive only got two if you want your warning to steck make a report on wp ani about it 
0.08651642
stick

you started it with bullshit about fetzer having a pov expressed . you are not neutral and clearly your united states marine corps colors your opinion and exposes your motive for censorship but none of that is relevant to the idea that the article is about the group itself and not about what others think about the group . as a contributor , i have found the most adequate definition of the group and included it . you are acting silly . it is like if you don't agree with a groups message you think it is ok to redefine the group for anyone looking for information about who the group is . i don't like the kkk but i am not editing the wiki article to make it more black friendly or negative about them . i would even cite their founder as a definitive source for who they are because that is the objective thing to do . semper fi yourself into some common sense .
0.29001912
you started it with bullshtt about fetzer having a pov expressed you are not neutral and clearly your united states marine corps colors your opinion and exposes your motive for censorship but none of that is relevant to the idea that the article is about the group itself and not about what others think about the group as a contributor i have found the most adequate definition of the group and included it you are acting silly it is like if you dont agree with a groups message you think it is ok to redefine the group for anyone looking for information about who the group is i dont like the kkk but i am not editing the wiki article to make it more black friendly or negative about them i would even cite their founder as a definitive source for who they are because that is the objective thing to do semper fi yourself into some common sense 
0.18191819
bullshit

wait , i've got it . roger sings the lyrics to the chorus , so in this case , rick is doing the backup . —
0.02544229
wait ive got it roger sings the lyrics to the chorus so in this case rick if doing the backup — 
0.024490878
is

how incredibly shortsighted of you . accreditation is not binary in the contact of multiple jurisdictions and countries . it's not simple black/white .
0.34656283
how incredibly shortnighted of you accreditation is not binary in the contact of multiple jurisdictions and countries its not simple blackwhite 
0.08245551
shortsighted

= = help = = i cant find anything on this mold i need help
0.09162508
help i cant find anything on this fold i need help 
0.06818041
mold

your edits to adjective please do not add nonsense to wikipedia ; it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.1381844
your edits to adjective please do not add nonsense to wikipedia it is considered vandalisr if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.13315797
vandalism

: i followed the links to an article on consensus decision making . the entire article seemed to me to be on the simplistic side ( perhaps due to my ongoing research in organizational communication ) , but it had a section on quaker decision making . i don't know if it would be appropriate to link back here ( sort of a 360 degree thing ) , but it certainly is relevant . : perhaps an article on quaker meetings might be worth considering ? i'm thinking in terms of examining several types of quaker meetings ( clearness , weddings , threshing , as well as business ) in light of quaker philosophies or traditional practices . put another way , i am growing increasingly sensitive to cataloging weird quaker ways of doing things in a de-contextualized sense . perhaps we would be better off discussing how the quakers ' beliefs led to these different ways of meeting ? : some suggestiongs : :: universal ministry ( everyone a minister ) , :: immediate access ( not mediated by priest or ecclesiastical structure ) , :: privileging peacemaking ( refusing to accept any sort of social darwinism in which the strongor aggressively vocalprevail ) , and :: testimony of integrity ( challenging participants to put beliefs into actions , even if it leads to unconventional methods ) : it doesn't have to be an apologetic for quaker practices , but it would help explain why these practices are held so closely by quakers , even of dramatically different theologies . : and thank you all , for putting up with my bull in a china shop entrance . my entries could have been read as patronizing and as assuming that i was the only real quaker present . i did not intend to communicate that ; i am sorry . i suppose that several quaker sensibilities were at work even here , among the tools and spare parts ! thank you for your gracious patience , all . roy ( but i still don't get all of the clever codes and secret handshakes . . . apparently there are different norms for the page discussion site than for the program/topic discussion site , and for a third sort of discussion place ( which i haven't really assimilated in a coherent manner , yet . . . )
0.021180717
i followed the links to an article on consensus decision making the entire article seemed to me to be on the simplistic side perhaps due to my ongoing research in organizational communication but it had a section on quaker decision making i dont know if it would be appropriate to link back here sort of a 360 degree thing but it certainly is relevant perhaps an article on quaker meetings might be worth considering im thinking in terms of examining several types of quaker meetings clearness weddings threshing as well as business in light of quaker philosophies or traditional practices put another way i am growing increasingly sensitive to cataloging weird quaker ways of doing things in a decontextualized sense perhaps we would be better off discussing how the quakers beliefs led to these different ways of meeting some suggestiongs universal ministry everyone a minister immediate access not mediated by priest or ecclesiastical structure privileging peacemaking refusing to accept any sort of social darwinism in which the strongor aggressively vocalprevail and testimony of integrity challenging participants to put beliefs into actions even if it leads to unconventional methods it doesnt have to be an apologetic for quaker practices but it would help explain why these practices are held so closely by quakers even of dramatically different theologies and thank you all for putting up with my bull in a china shop entrance my entries could have been read as patronizing and as assuming that i was the only real quaker present i did not intend to communicate that i am sorry i suppose that several quaker sensibilities were at work even here among the tools and spare parts thank you for your gracious patience all roy but i still dont get all of the clever codes and secret handshakes apparently there are different norms for the page discussion site than for the programtopic discussion site and for a third sort of discussion place which i havent really aesimilated in a coherent manner yet 
0.018894846
assimilated

unless someone objects , i'd like to go forward and delete this section .... let a clean slate develop
0.059876297
unless someone objects id like to gn forward and delete this section let a clean slate develop 
0.030507356
go

= = you are just jealous = = that you aren't a part of the gaytourage ... you probably don't even now how to werq it ! megna james
0.4097374
you are just jealaus that you arent a part of the gaytourage you probably dont even now how to werq it megna james 
0.26851675
jealous

:: did not mean to offend you . will comply . martial law
0.16527487
did not mean to lffend you will comply martial law 
0.14209095
offend

= = re : kinseylol = = oh , it does not !
0.13359392
pe kinseylol oh it does not 
0.11240252
re

= = you are a dumb cunt = = now , normally , i do not use that term explicitly . i just quietly think it . but in this case , there is evidence . you have no isbn's to your name . in my book , that makes you a dumb cunt i happened to a bit demanding about these sorts of things . the isbn's 1-894840-36-4 and 1-894840-38-0 . tell me something : at you local library : do they actually allow you in there ? maybe they just let you in because you are a girl , i dunno . do they have an old-fashioned card catalog system there ? do you experience urges to rip out the cards of the books that you simply do not like ? i can assure you that you need to try and suppress those urges . of course i added those isbn's for you dear . it is like honey to flies . dumb cunts like you cannot suppress their urges to go and delete them . and thereby , i trap you , my pretty little dumb cunt .
0.8172417
you are a dupb cunt now normally i do not use that term explicitly i just quietly think it but in this case there is evidence you have no isbns to your name in my book that makes you a dcumb cunt i happened to a bit demanding about these sorts of things the isbns 1894840364 and 1894840380 tell me something at you local library do they actually allow you in there maybe they just let you in because you are a girl i dunno do they have an oldfashioned card catalog system there do you experience urges to rip out the cards of the books that you simply do not like i can assure you that you need to try and suppress those urges of course i added those isbns for you dear it is like honey to flies dmb cunts like you cannot suppress their urges to go and delete them and thereby i trap you my pretty little dnmb cunt 
0.7054019
dumb

this just proves what a piece of shit organization this place is . admin jzg antagonizes user by calling him a cunt . then one of his friends that is also an admin . blocks the user without any proof of wp : sock so he can't defend himself , and then the other admins friends decide he should be banned indef . and he is ? the admin . who provoked the user and the admin . that banned him without any proof at all have nothing happen to them . man , it's no wonder people think wikipedia is a joke if that is how this place is run .
0.6644567
this just proves what a piece of shie organization this place is admin jzg antagonizes user by calling him a cunt then one of his friends that is also an admin blocks the user without any proof of wp sock so he cant defend himself and then the other admins friends decide he should be banned indef and he is the admin who provoked the user and the admin that banned him without any proof at all have nothing happen to them man its no wonder people think wikipedia is a joke if that is how this place is run 
0.52544826
shit

