by not responding to the survey , and providing cryptic explanations for why your userpage says you attend ucsd , it is both implied and reasonably inferred that your knowledge of ucr is limited - the assumption i made ( and i stated it as an assumption ) was perfectly in order . with your most recent response , it is clear that you have some knowledge of the campus , itself , and i will assume that this is a response to question #2 above . keep in mind that if you had just stated what you just did , it would have saved at least 3-4 paragraphs of nonsense discussion in this talk page . your unwillingness to show at least an element of good faith is not looked upon favorably in my eyes , especially since amerique and danny were good enough to cooperate .
0.090592645
by not responding to the survey and providing cryptic explanations for why your userpage says you attend ucsd it is both implied and reasonably inferred that your knowledge of ucr is limited the assumption i made and i stated it as an assumption was perfectly in order with your most recent response it is clear that you have some knowledge of the campus itself and i will assume that this is a response to question 2 above keep in mind that if you had just stated what you just did it would have saved at least 34 paragraphs of nons nse discussion in this talk page your unwillingness to show at least an element of good faith is not looked upon favorably in my eyes especially since amerique and danny were good enough to cooperate 
0.02386728
nonsense

fiz , the whites delibratley fed alcohol to the indigneosu people to assist with their degradtion . i have all the commissioners for the protection of aboriginals reports here , that state that . noting alcohol does not denigrate indigenous people but notes one of the introduced fators that has caused them so much harm . what denigrates them is denying massacres or removing posts re the record of what whites did as smart akos has done here
0.16754945
fiz the whites delibratley fed alcohol to the indigneosu people to assist with their degradtion i have all the commissioners for the protection of aboriginals reports here that state that noting alcohol does not denigrate indigenous people but notes one of the introduced fators that has caused them so much harm what denigrates them is denying masbacres or removing posts re the record of what whites did as smart akos has done here 
0.1159628
massacres

whereas east asians came from east africa ,
0.13128553
whereas east asiaes came from east africa 
0.07631861
asians

]] * globular cluster m107 to [[ messier 107
0.017279645
globular cluster m107 to mtssier 107 
0.010490541
messier

: that's a whole mess of research ! sorry about that , i didn't know that chao was the first chinese-american to hold a federal cabinet . =)
0.17802201
thats a whole kess of research sorry about that i didnt know that chao was the first chineseamerican to hold a federal cabinet 
0.12479601
mess

*** compromise ( i hope ): start a minor houses of a song of ice and fire or thereabouts . move the info about their history there , as well as the key points there . move complete roose and ramsey bios to minor characters . however , i think this particular article should be kept around for 2 reasons : 1 . simply put , it's a good idea to centralize information . somebody who's reading minor houses and wants to read about roose and ramsey will find it easier and more intuitive to go to a house bolton entry than a minor characters entry . 2 . from all indications , the boltons will be major players in adwd ( i think martin saying that a theon is coming back is better than mere speculation ) . every major westerosi institution that's had a pov centered on it ( major houses , night's watch , citadel ) has an article . it seems pointless to get rid of this now and bring it back a year later . i think that current is both too ambigious and potentially spoilerific . the former may be more verbose , but it's also more exact and less troublesome .
0.096810125
compromise i hope start a minor houses of a song of ice and fire or thereabouts move the info about their history there as well as the key points there move complete roose and ramsey bios to minor characters however i think this particular article should be kept around for 2 reasons 1 simply put its a good idea to centralize information somebody whos reading minor houses and wants to read about roose and ramsey will find it easier and more intuitive to go to a house bolton entry than a minor characters entry 2 from all indications the boltons will be major players in adwd i think martin saying that a theon is coming back is better than mere speculation every major westerosi institution thats had a pov centered on it major houses nights watch citadel has an article it seems poiltless to get rid of this now and bring it back a year later i think that current is both too ambigious and potentially spoilerific the former may be more verbose but its also more exact and less troublesome 
0.02887729
pointless

= = thanks from yanksox = = {| style = border : 1px solid black ; background : lightgray ; padding : 3px ; align = center | |hey , lar , thanks for supporting my rfa , with a tally of 104/4/7 ... ::::: i am now an admin !!! i was and still am very flattered by all the kind comments that i recieved , i will also take into account the comments about how i could improve . i guarantee i will try my best to further assist wikipedia with the mop . feel free to and say hi or if you need anything . again , thank you so much ! | style = color : lime ; padding : 5px ; valign = top | | style = border : 1px solid gold ; padding : 0px ; background : white ; | |}
0.047897886
thanks from yanksox style border 1px solid blvck background lightgray padding 3px align center hey lar thanks for supporting my rfa with a tally of 10447 i am now an admin i was and still am very flattered by all the kind comments that i recieved i will also take into account the comments about how i could improve i guarantee i will try my best to further assist wikipedia with the mop feel free to and say hi or if you need anything again thank you so much style color lime padding 5px valign top style border 1px solid gold padding 0px background white 
0.029041639
black

= = = = hello cretino !!! = = = = i'm tired to see too many idiot in amesh wiki .
0.8742572
hello cretino im tired to see too many iaiot in amesh wiki 
0.12120478
idiot

avi , i know you are well intentioned , but i am not following the logic . should it not count as a human rights issue because it is only 70 people ? how many people is it acceptable to lock away for profit in mental hospitals ? but more to the point , according to the sources i have found it is considered relevant to human rights in israel . the number of people mistreated in other countries doesn't really nullify mistreatment in israel . nor do our own viewpoints on this .. as we are documenting these points through verifiable sources .
0.057006713
avi i know you are well intentioned but i am not following the logic should it not count as a human rights issue because it is only 70 people how many people is it acceptable to lock away for profit in mental hospitals but more to the point according to the sources i have found it is considered relevant to human rights in israel the number of people mistueated in other countries doesnt really nullify mistreatment in israel nor do our own viewpoints on this as we are documenting these points through verifiable sources 
0.036968965
mistreated

