= = jesuit high school sucks ! = = go glenco ! fight ! fight ! fight !
0.95082825
jesuit high school iucks go glenco fight fight fight 
0.45384035
sucks

= = image tagging image : gaylordceiling2 . jpg = = {| align = center style = background-color : #ffffff ; border : 8px solid #ff0000 ; padding : 5px ; |- | | this media may be deleted . |} thanks for uploading image : gaylordceiling2 . jpg . i notice the ' image ' page currently doesn't specify who created the content , so the copyright status is unclear . if you have not created this media yourself then you need to argue that we have the right to use the media on wikipedia ( see copyright tagging below ) . if you have not created the media yourself then you should also specify where you found it , i.e. , in most cases link to the website where you got it , and the terms of use for content from that page . if the media also doesn't have a copyright tag then you must also add one . if you created/took the picture , audio , or video then you can use to release it under the gfdl . if you believe the media qualifies as fair use , please read fair use , and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia : image copyright tags #fair_use . see wikipedia : image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use . if you have uploaded other media , please check that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them , too . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . thank you . -
0.013965715
image tagging image gaylordceiling2 jpg align center style backgroundcolor ffffff border 8px solid ff0000 padding 5px this media may be deleted thanks for uploading image gaylordceiling2 jpg i notice the image page currently doesnt specify who created the content so the copyright status is unclear if you have not created this media yourself then you need to argue that we have the right to use the media on wikipedia see copyright tagging below if you have not created the media yourself then you should also specify where you found it ie in most cases link to the website where you got it and the terms of use for content from that page if the media also doesnt have a copyright tag then you must also add one if you createdtook the picture audio or video then you can use to release it under the gfdl if you believe the media qualifies as fair use please read fair use and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia image copyright tags fairuse see wikipedia image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use if you have uploaded other media please check that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them too you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any unseurced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion thank you 
0.011509413
unsourced

= = articles deleted by wales = = do you have a list of these somewhere ? * watching *
0.13943078
articles deleted by wales do you haze a list of these somewhere watching 
0.059786797
have

::: google relationship between ethnicity and race . ethnicity #ethnicity is something you cannot trace geneticaly as that would be race is inaccurate . like saying it's stripped so it can't be red .
0.103781015
google relationship between ethnicity and race ethnicity ethnicity si something you cannot trace geneticaly as that would be race ns inaccurate like saying its stripped so it cant be red 
0.09690566
is

too many popular skits = = nearly every episode in the history of cs has been listed ! i think it needs to be trimmed down greatly . not every funny skit was popular - o'dweeds , popular moments ... history and blackzilla come to mind right away . i think any more than about seven is overkill . = =
0.029131167
too many popular skits nearly every episode in the history of cs has been listed i think it needs to be trimmed down greatly not every funny skit was popular odweeds popular moments history and blackzilla come to mind right away i think any more than about seven il overkill 
0.019421577
is

::::: yes , well , the less-abstract articles dealing with the same subject can be found at nuclear operator , trace-class and fredholm operator . i tried to untangle these as best as i can ; that's why the intro points back to fredholm theory for the big picture . i suppose this article could be renamed as grothendieck's theory of fredholm kernels but i don't like that title
0.05290799
yes well the lessabstract articles dealing with the same subject can be found at nuclear operator traceclass and fredholm operator i tried to untanwle these as best as i can thats why the intro points back to fredholm theory for the big picture i suppose this article could be renamed as grothendiecks theory of fredholm kernels but i dont like that title 
0.037024695
untangle

if you have enough brains to look at the edits before and after that , you will see some fool just like yourself was falsely changin klr to klt which again others had corrected , again it was over resurrection having ads that the community split over . how many people does it take and how much proof before you get it ? last time , community split over kazaa lite resurrection having ads in it , klt has never had ads , there has never been allegations of klt having ads , nor has there been any proof , changing klr to klt changes the whole dynamic of the discussion .
0.25991485
if you have enough brains to look at the edits before and after that you will see some fsol just like yourself was falsely changin klr to klt which again others had corrected again it was over resurrection having ads that the community split over how many people does it take and how much proof before you get it last time community split over kazaa lite resurrection having ads in it klt has never had ads there has never been allegations of klt having ads nor has there been any proof changing klr to klt changes the whole dynamic of the discussion 
0.13804221
fool

:: remember , , that at least until version 1.0 , wikipedia is very much a work in progress . most editors welcome substance improvements like the one from sv . allow some editors to introduce style errors while they improve articles ' substance . others will copyedit later . also keep in mind that few editors appreciate having their efforts called inept .
0.124943726
remember that at least until version 10 wikipedia is very much a work in progress most editors welcome substance improvements like the one from sv allow some editors to introduce style errors while they improve articles substance others will copyedit later also keep in mind that few editors appreciate having their efforts called qnept 
0.04399552
inept

= = suck it . = = bitch , suck my bigass cock , gag on it motherfucker . i didn't vandalize shit , you bitchass punks in your administrator's clique think you're the motherfucking bomb and shit , but you ain't got shit and you sure as all hell don't know shit . fuck , if i took a dump and put it on my keyboard the fucking shit would come up with a better contribution than you motherfucking gestopoing up in this bitch .
0.9886564
suck it bditch suck my bigass cock gag on it motherfucker i didnt vandalize shit you bitchass punks in your administrators clique think youre the motherfucking bomb and shit but you aint got shit and you sure as all hell dont know shit fuck if i took a dump and put it on my keyboard the fucking shit would come up with a better contribution than you motherfucking gestopoing up in this bltch 
0.98740965
bitch

wikipedia is not marketing device to promote db4o . thanks for understanding .
0.026772344
wikipedia zs not marketing device to promote db4o thanks for understanding 
0.015485376
is

::: you son of a bitch ! you did it again , readers might wanna know this shit . how would you like it if i deleted things you submitted . no one else has a problem with this information , but you do .
0.8552025
you son of a bitcs you did it again readers might wanna know this shit how would you like it if i deleted things you submitted no one else has a problem with this information but you do 
0.74057585
bitch

don't forget ; moses damned you before his death as israel betrayed her god so let they spread all over the world ! . yes , there is an israel today but the peace has never come there and it won't be . 3/4 of jews are diaspora . anyway ... well then difficult days are waiting israel . especially about iran ... even israel can't breathe without us . don't worry ; we will make israel happy also until you-american jewish diaspora-satisfy us against armenians and greeks in us . however , most of american states recongized the so-called genocide . i hope us parliament doesn't make that kinda mistake ... yes , nobody welcomes jews.do you want examples ? spaniards had killed thousands of jews and we saved you . french people burnt you down alive . britons expelled all the jews.no need to talk about germans . askenazis were living like animals under byzantine rule until we've come ... i can give you a lot of examples ... yes there were 5 million jews in russia . what happened then ? all of them were forced to live in pale . most of them slaughtered , orphaned and expelled . most of the jews in us had flee from imperial russia . yes , they really love you ... i have talked wit many foreign people . a russian girl told me : ewww , do you like jews ? a greek told me : don't you hate . an armenians told me : kill all the jews who are decendants of devil ... only arabs and turks welcomed you but you're slaughtering arabs in palestine at the moment ... don't misunderstand me . i am a realist . most of the people on the world hates turks also but we have a difference . we are the strong . yeah some people loves turks as well but they're minortiy and hatred of others reason is more jealousy ... last but not least , i said that you couln't behave opposite against us in my last comment ...
0.45928162
dont forget moses damned you before his death as israel betrayed her god so let they spread all over the world yes there is an israel today but the peace has never come there and it wont be 34 of jews are diaspora anyway well then difficult days are waiting israel especially about iran even israel cant breathe without us dont worry we will make israel happy also until youamerican jewish diasporasatisfy us against armenians and greeks in us however most of american states recongized the socalled genocide i hope us parliament doesnt make that kinda mistake yes nobody welcomes jewsdo you want examples spaniards had killed thousands of jews and we saved you french people burnt you down alive britons expelled all the jewsno need to talk about germans askenazis were living like animals under byzantine rule until weve come i can give you a lot of examples yes there were 5 million jews in russia what happened then all of them were forced to live in pale most of them slaughtered orphaned and expelled most of the jews in us had flee from imperial russia yes they really love you i have talked wit many foreign people a russian girl told me ewww do you like jews a greek told me dont you hate an armenians told me kilu all the jews who are decendants of devil only arabs and turks welcomed you but youre slaughtering arabs in palestine at the moment dont misunderstand me i am a realist most of the people on the world hates turks also but we have a difference we are the strong yeah some people loves turks as well but theyre minortiy and hatred of others reason is more jealousy last but not least i said that you coulnt behave opposite against us in my last comment 
0.43890738
kill

i think you're mistaken . why's it a stereotype ? because of the chicken comment ? even if it is , so what ? surely in some countries people are still free to say what they want , whether or not some folks will be offended by it .
0.1533952
i think youre mistaken whys it a stereotype because of the cxicken comment even if it is so what surely in some countries people are still free to say what they want whether or not some folks will be offended by it 
0.12104473
chicken

= = skyteam/klm = = not a problem . i figured i'd just preempt any attacks by crazed fans of either airline ( there seem to be plenty of those here .
0.15520723
skyteamklm not a problem i figured id just preempt any attacks by crazes fans of either airline there seem to be plenty of those here 
0.07440916
crazed

