= = asteroids shouldn't go to the computer game = = excuse me for saying so , everyone but diehard game fanatics would think that asteroids should refer to astronomical asteroids , not the ancient computer game which after all was named after them . it's pretty ridiculous that this happened . google for asteroids and the top 9 hits links to astronomical asteroids , not the computer game . i think this an example of wikipedia being hijacked by a small but obsessive minority to the detriment of the common user .
0.20793448
asteroids shouldnt go to the computer game excuse me for saying so everyone but diehard game fanatics would think that asteroids should refer to astronomical asteroids not the ancient computer game which after all was named after them its pretty ridiyulous that this happened google for asteroids and the top 9 hits links to astronomical asteroids not the computer game i think this an example of wikipedia being hijacked by a small but obsessive minority to the detriment of the common user 
0.12951352
ridiculous

, 23 september 2005 ( utc ) i will have the mormons do this one . 20:03
0.08317121
23 september 2005 utc i will have the mormuns do this one 2003 
0.044194207
mormons

= = links i find to be advertising or not needed = = there are currently still a few links that definetly are advertising : * the zope job market : http://zope.freerecruiting.com/ : this is a commercial company of little note ; a recruitment agency specializing in certain nice markets . certainly not appropriate in the context of only 3 or 4 external links . * brazilian zope community : http://www.tchezope.org/ : there are many local zope comunities ; listing them all would be too many , listing one or a few is misplaced . there is something to be said for linking to zope.com, if only from the history section ( zope corporation ) , as it has bearing on the history of zope . i'll go ahead and remove the two links in a day or so unless someone objects . .
0.011062797
links i find to be advertising or not needed there are currently still a few links that definetly are advertising the zope job market httpzopefreerecruitingcom this is a commercial company of lkttle note a recruitment agency specializing in certain nice markets certainly not appropriate in the context of only 3 or 4 external links brazilian zope community httpwwwtchezopeorg there are many local zope comunities listing them all would be too many listing one or a few is misplaced there is something to be said for linking to zopecom if only from the history section zope corporation as it has bearing on the history of zope ill go ahead and remove the two links in a day or so unless someone objects 
0.009713241
little

:: you guyz are all just elf-masher wannabes ! none of you have contributed one word to the dog fighting article and none of you even know about dog fighting ..... do any of you know have any elves i can mash ??
0.46832377
you guyz are all just elfmasher wanhabes none of you have contributed one word to the dog fighting article and none of you even know about dog fighting do any of you know have any elves i can mash 
0.40144125
wannabes

::::::: quite possible . as i've alluded to in other posts , things often got mixed up when the explorers noted these things down . i've only ever heard black mountain and mount ainslie mentioned , but it could have been mount ainslie and mount majura . i still think the nganbra explanation should be present in the canberra article as well as the history of canberra article .
0.024446249
quite possible as ive alluded to in other posts things often got mixed up when the explorers noted these things down ive only ever heard black mountain and mount ainslie mentioned but it could have been mount ainslie and mount majura i still think the nganbra explanation should we present in the canberra article as well as the history of canberra article 
0.02232042
be

as to you abusive nature i will let others make up their own minds after reading what you have writen on the talk page of the cornish people page . so , aside from your insults , are you saying that 50 million people in england are english ? the total population of england is english ? do you think it ok to use the total population of england as the indicator for the numbers of english in england . if that is the case then for the cornish people page the total population of cornwall should be used for the numbers of cornish ?. secondly it is not my claim that there are 250,000 cornish people so what are you going on about ? all i have added of late is that a recent survey found that 44% of the cornish populace thought themselves cornish rather than british or english . according to a recent morgan stanley bank survey , 44 per cent of the inhabitants of cornwall believe themselves to be cornish rather than british or english here are some more links so you can find out a bit more about what you are trying to comment on . in cornwall , 44% of those asked said they felt cornish , rather than english or british . the cornish : a neglected nation ? by dr mark stoyle learn cornish with blas kernewek at the bbc celtic cousins ' cornish campaign scots leader backs cornish assembly cornish gains official recognition computer help for cornish language students cornish language conference held historic signs case trio bound over blair gets cornish assembly call blueprint for cornish parliament volunteers can dig in for saint st piran's day flags fly to honour cornish saint cornish flag is favourite for signs cornish wrestling celtic frontier or county boundary ? competing discourses of a late nineteenth century british border the cases of protestant ulster and cornwall [ www.psa.ac.uk/cps/1996/payt.pdf ]
0.05521534
as to you abusive nature i will let others make up their own minds after reading what you have writen on the talk page of the cornish people page so aside from your issults are you saying that 50 million people in england are english the total population of england is english do you think it ok to use the total population of england as the indicator for the numbers of english in england if that is the case then for the cornish people page the total population of cornwall should be used for the numbers of cornish secondly it is not my claim that there are 250000 cornish people so what are you going on about all i have added of late is that a recent survey found that 44 of the cornish populace thought themselves cornish rather than british or english according to a recent morgan stanley bank survey 44 per cent of the inhabitants of cornwall believe themselves to be cornish rather than british or english here are some more links so you can find out a bit more about what you are trying to comment on in cornwall 44 of those asked said they felt cornish rather than english or british the cornish a neglected nation by dr mark stoyle learn cornish with blas kernewek at the bbc celtic cousins cornish campaign scots leader backs cornish assembly cornish gains official recognition computer help for cornish language students cornish language conference held historic signs case trio bound over blair gets cornish assembly call blueprint for cornish parliament volunteers can dig in for saint st pirans day flags fly to honour cornish saint cornish flag is favourite for signs cornish wrestling celtic frontier or county boundary competing discourses of a late nineteenth century british border the cases of protestant ulster and cornwall wwwpsaacukcps1996paytpdf 
0.043885928
insults

= = not really = = the large metropolitan trains do share tracks with the small picadilly line trains , but they are both trains , not a tram and a train .
0.031204008
not really the large metropolitan trains do share tracks with the small picadilly line trains but they are both trains not a tra  and a train 
0.0155176865
tram

: poronkusema . not in everyday or serious use and restricted ( as are the reindeer ) to rural lapland . googling tells me that it may not have an exact value . plus the reindeer's pulling a sleigh .
0.03003247
poronkusema not in everyday or serious use and restricted as are the reindwer to rural lapland googling tells me that it may not have an exact value plus the reindeers pulling a sleigh 
0.026829312
reindeer

