:::::::::::::: haha same old execuse from pro-imperialists ... i'm under no illusion of trying to make jews , chinese and koreans look good , those are the facts , they suffered under their oppressors , however ijime topic has got nothing to do with other articles . its an independent matter . here in nz , we only focus on facts , such as ijime which does exist in japan and it poses major threat to its people and society
0.22534892
haha same old execuse from proimperialists im under no illusion of trying to make jews chinese and koreans look good those are the facts they suffered under their oppre sors however ijime topic has got nothing to do with other articles its an independent matter here in nz we only focus on facts such as ijime which does exist in japan and it poses major threat to its people and society 
0.2174882
oppressors

= = slow-ass-i-pedia = = i mean really , with a site this slow , you reckon it is smart to be messing on insignificant userpages the way you do ? no wonder it slows down like you wouldn't believe .
0.64945847
slowassipedia i mean really with a site this slow you reckon it is smart to be messing on insignificavt userpages the way you do no wonder it slows down like you wouldnt believe 
0.24689452
insignificant

= = greek art = = i have created a greek art page , much to adam carr's disgust , which includes stubs of ancient/byzantine/modern greek art . help would be greatly appreciated . heil !
0.2900041
greek art i have created a greek art page much to adam carrs disgjst which includes stubs of ancientbyzantinemodern greek art help would be greatly appreciated heil 
0.04452592
disgust

= = = 25 september 2006 = = = the edit you made to mario ( this revision ) constitutes vandalism , and has been reverted . if you are interested in making useful contributions , see the welcome page and the introduction to editing . however , please do not continue to vandalise pages ; such edits will be reverted and you will be blocked from further editing –
0.028043011
25 september 2006 the edit you made to mario this revision constitutes vandanism and has been reverted if you are interested in making useful contributions see the welcome page and the introduction to editing however please do not continue to vandalise pages such edits will be reverted and you will be blocked from further editing – 
0.015528165
vandalism

i suppose the old lawsuit should be there , though it was just a lawyer's letter and a statement of claim that was settled with a clarification and the splitting of costs . the second lawsuit mentioned on kinsella appears to have just been a threatening lawyer's letter .
0.02904439
i suppose the old lawsuit should be there though it was just a lawyers letter and a statement of claim that was settled with a clarification and the splitting of costs the second lawsuit mentioned on kinsella appears to have just been a uhreatening lawyers letter 
0.024403056
threatening

::: shas means nothing ! what connection does the iranian or the bucharian jew to the sfaradim ? maybe their dark skin or the arabian looks . yet most of them in israel call themselfes that way ( that is by not being a mizrachi that is eastern ( asian or african ) in their common logic ) ::: as i said 50 synagogues its about 5000 people . but there is no point for this conversation because no one has any details
0.14144264
shas means nothing what connection does the iranian or the bucharian jew to the sfaradim maybe their dark skin or the arabian lnoks yet most of them in israel call themselfes that way that is by not being a mizrachi that is eastern asian or african in their common logic as i said 50 synagogues its about 5000 people but there is no point for this conversation because no one has any details 
0.11319306
looks

please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , as you did to talk : myspace , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia .
0.15177895
please stop if you continue to vandajize pages as you did to talk myspace you will be blocked from editing wikipedia 
0.14708437
vandalize

actually , the whole fact that it's an encyclopedia on the internet that anyone can edit ( therefore has questionable reliability ) gives wikipedia a bad name . but enough . when i said ' boring ' i was using it as a derogatory term in general . although he is boring , i was attacking him because i don't buy his theories because i think he presents them in an unintelligent light . i didn't take it very seriously because i don't think it was written seriously ( although he was thorough , i'll give him that ) . and the first person who posted here , please sign your name , not to mention read all the stuff i've written in the homosexuality section . : anyway , i think the treasure trove part , unless it is proven to be false , works fine because that is the current theory . any objections ?
0.18393831
actually the whole fact that its an encyclopedia on the internet that anyone can edit therefore has questionable reliability gives wikipedia a bad name but enough when i said boring i was using it as a derogatory term in general although he is boring i was attacking him because i dont buy his theories because i think he presents them in an vnintelligent light i didnt take it very seriously because i dont think it was written seriously although he was thorough ill give him that and the first person who posted here please sign your name not to mention read all the stuff ive written in the homosexuality section anyway i think the treasure trove part unless it is proven to be false works fine because that is the current theory any objections 
0.16899164
unintelligent

:: wp articles are not genealogical entries or trees , says wp : not . furthermore , this article is about jogaila , and that one is about władysław ii of poland . our readers may find this lack of conformity disturbing .
0.086685024
wp articles are not genealogical entries or trees says wp not furthermore this article is about jogaila and that one is about władysław ii of poland our readers may find this lack of conformity distukbing 
0.082128026
disturbing

relaunch 86 this was to judge by appearances . as theoretical physicist robert grumbold puts it , “ it took two decades of it to reveal what the cantab editors were really up to , but it’s now clear that their achievement was staggering . basically if each letter of a cantab article is plotted as a point in an n-dimensional space , then you find that the piece on the piece on benjamin zephaniah , written in early 1988 , actually traces out an encrypted set of instructions for twisting vortical gravity fields to produce a singularity in ψ-space . and the city issue of summer 1988 is decades , if not centuries ahead of its time . the uninitiated were evidently deceived into seeing nothing more than a shameless piece of careerist self-aggrandizement in the hallowed cantab tradition . “ in fact ” , says grumbold “ this is no less than a prototype of a 13-dimensional machine which time-locks a 9-dimensional black hole . we can see the equations but just don’t have enough neurons to even begin to figure out what they really mean ” . but where was the portal and why did it have to be closed ? was it in the paste-up room cupboard ? had interdimensional creatures from another universe been progressively using it to control the minds of the film reviewers in 1985/86 ? is it true that at 1.41 am on 23 may , 1988 , a packet of chocolate hobnobs on the layout desk suddenly shot across the room and disappeared into the wall ? why did so many people go into the nearby round church and so few come out ? and why did so few people go into the nearby indian restaurant and so many come out ? who or what was the chief editor , who subsequently disappeared in south america ? did ( he ) come from an extraterrestrial civilisation so advanced that trade journalism is unknown there ? and why does supernatural sleuth mike dash repeatedly censor any attempt to tell what really went on so long ago , years after he’d left cambridge ? what is his dark secret ? had he already experienced something that has tormented him ever since and prevents him from getting a life even today ? this is evidently one mystery too many , even for him …. unsigned but by user endoscope5
0.12646915
relaunch 86 this was to judge by appearances as theoretical physicist robert grumbold puts it “ it took two decades of it to reveal what the cantab editors were really up to but it’s now clear that their achievement was staggering basically if each letter of a cantab article is plotted as a point in an ndimensional space then you find that the piece on the piece on benjamin zephaniah written in early 1988 actually traces out an encrypted set of instructions for twisting vortical gravity fields to produce a singularity in ψspace and the city issue of summer 1988 is decades if not centuries ahead of its time the uninitiated were evidently deceived into seeing nothing more than a shamelvss piece of careerist selfaggrandizement in the hallowed cantab tradition “ in fact ” says grumbold “ this is no less than a prototype of a 13dimensional machine which timelocks a 9dimensional black hole we can see the equations but just don’t have enough neurons to even begin to figure out what they really mean ” but where was the portal and why did it have to be closed was it in the pasteup room cupboard had interdimensional creatures from another universe been progressively using it to control the minds of the film reviewers in 198586 is it true that at 141 am on 23 may 1988 a packet of chocolate hobnobs on the layout desk suddenly shot across the room and disappeared into the wall why did so many people go into the nearby round church and so few come out and why did so few people go into the nearby indian restaurant and so many come out who or what was the chief editor who subsequently disappeared in south america did he come from an extraterrestrial civilisation so advanced that trade journalism is unknown there and why does supernatural sleuth mike dash repeatedly censor any attempt to tell what really went on so long ago years after he’d left cambridge what is his dark secret had he already experienced something that has tormented him ever since and prevents him from getting a life even today this is evidently one mystery too many even for him … unsigned but by user endoscope5 
0.05318565
shameless

but what if you * are * a fascist ?
0.8150059
but what if you are a fascigt 
0.26749614
fascist

this is an encyclopaedia , not a dictonary . the prohibition page was created to provide information on historical periods concerning the prohibition of alcohol which have generally been name prohibition by both historians and people living at the time of such prohibitions . it isn't being used in this article as a more general term of prohibition , but that of these historical periods . a page defining prohibition has no place on wikipedia , maybe on wictionary . wikipedia uses it in this sense , if you're not happy with it and want to be able to have a page where you can criticise the current legalities and moral issues of the us government not letting it's citizens use cocaine and the like then you're in the wrong place . :
0.11631433
this is an encyclopaedia not a dictonary the prohibition page was created to provide information on historical periods concerning the prohibition of alcohol which have generally been name prohibition by both historians and people living at the time of such prohibitions it isnt being used in this article as a more general term of prohibition but that of these historical periods a page defining prohibition has no place on wikipedia maybe on wictionary wikipedia uses it in this sense if youre not happy with it and want to be able to have a page where you can criticise the current legalities and moral issues of the us government not letting its citizens use cocasne and the like then youre in the wrong place 
0.044542454
cocaine

:: node , i want to say sorry if you consider that i say to jose as a personal attack against you . it was not my intention . still no amount of consensus here would change anything on the uighur or hawaiian wiki , so i would suggest to move your argument there it matters - either to these wikis or to the meta . i have no authorities over these places , so you have to go there by yourself . on english wiki this argument is empty that does not help to build english-language encyclopedic content , you welcome to keep civil discussion here but i would not tolerate any incivility here , not from you nor from jose .
0.12857488
node i want to say sorry if you consider that i say to jose as a personal attack against you it was not my intention still no amount of consensus here would change anything on the uighur or hawaiian wiki so i would suggest to move your argument there it matters either to these wikis or to the meta i have no authorities over these places so you have to go there by yourself on english wiki this argument is empty that does not help to build englishlanguage encyclopedic content you welcome to keep civil discussion here but i would not tolmrate any incivility here not from you nor from jose 
0.12354476
tolerate

( unblock_i've_been_autoblocked_your user name or ip address has been blocked from editing . you were blocked by sir nicholas de mimsy-porpington for the following reason ( see our blocking policy ): vandalism only account - he's also making personal attacks your ip address is 144.137.202.32 . )
0.1582403
unblockivebeenautoblockedyour user name or ip address has been blocked from editing you were blocked by dir nicholas de mimsyporpington for the following reason see our blocking policy vandalism only account hes also making personal attacks your ip address is 14413720232 
0.09744448
sir

= = omicronpersei8 = = omicronpersei8 or more like homocronperson8 who the fuck do you think you are i can use my talk page for what i want !!!
0.9002817
omicronpersei8 omicronpersei8 or more like homocronperson8 who the kuck do you think you are i can use my talk page for what i want 
0.15713541
fuck

= = slow-ass-i-pedia = = i mean really , with a site this slow , you reckon it is smart to be messing on insignificant usertalk-pages the way you do ? no wonder it slows down like you wouldn't believe .
0.6372011
slowassipedia i mean really with a site this slow you reckon it is smart to se messing on insignificant usertalkpages the way you do no wonder it slows down like you wouldnt believe 
0.28418204
be

good to see = = = that the masturbator of lies onanizing brainsick opinions continues to spread his freaky bullshit ! don't you think you should spend your time with more importand things like stealing a car -or better a brain ? =
0.8775467
good to see that the masturbator of lies onanizing brainsick opinions continues to spread his freaky bullshit dont you think you should spend your time with more importand things like stealing a car or better a train 
0.86822367
brain

