norwich disagrees , he writes in volume 1 of his history of byzantium ( the early centuries ) , that byzantium was somewhat more stable than european states . the western europeans have always hated the greek ( except the philhellenes ) , and in an effort to surpass him they try to attribute that pure latin side of the greco-roman history as their own .
0.0853157
norwich disagrees he writes in volume 1 of his history of byzantium the early centuries that byzantium was somewhat more stable than european states the western europeans have always haxed the greek except the philhellenes and in an effort to surpass him they try to attribute that pure latin side of the grecoroman history as their own 
0.04682564
hated

::: i haven't renominated it – i was hoping to get some feedback from worldtraveler before i did so . perhaps he forgot to remove it from the nominations list ?
0.01458107
i havent renominated it – i was hoping to fet some feedback from worldtraveler before i did so perhaps he forgot to remove it from the nominations list 
0.012019728
get

if you have any suggestions on these settings please post them here .
0.008859728
if you have any suggestions on these settings please poet them here 
0.00582645
post

= = asian supremacy = = you voted to delete the article asian supremacy because you felt it was unverifiable . it is verifiable . the organization goldsea supports asian supremacy .
0.20612374
asian supremacy you voted to delete the article asian supremacy because you felt it was unverifiablr it is verifiable the organization goldsea supports asian supremacy 
0.18723626
unverifiable

logical inconsistency : house is reported both as a subgenre of disco ( see template ) , and of electronic music ( see template ) . some guys need to keep calm their exagerate ego .
0.20216186
logical inconsistency house is reported both as a subgenre of disco see template and of electronic music see template some guys need to keep calm their exagerate egs 
0.13471185
ego

= = gnaa ' citations ' = = if you can't be arsed to do a simple google search to come up with citations for the article , i would suggest not editing it at all . since you clearly care , spend an extra 30 seconds to find the citation link , isntead of putting up a //citation// template . how about that ? kthx .
0.072226144
gnaa citations if you cant be arsed to do a simple google search to come up with citations for the article i would suggest not editing it at all since you clearly cara spend an extra 30 seconds to find the citation link isntead of putting up a citation template how about that kthx 
0.059846554
care

: message ? what message ? i didn't realise i'd been tried , convicted and sentenced already - and purely because has put up a big shiny warning . obviously it's against wikipedian rules to utter a sentence in defence of oneself . wikipedia's pseudo-elitism is very nasty . : my experience with wikipedia has led me to be sympathetic to the point of view ( as expressed by others ) of wikipedia being the concensus of the uninformed . please ' block ' me for much longer than 24 hours . i'm going back to the real world .
0.29178643
message what message i didnt realise id been tried convicted and sentenced already and purely because has put up a big shiny warning obviously its against wikipedian rules to utter a sentence in defence of oneself wikipedias pseudoelitism as very nasty my experience with wikipedia has led me to be sympathetic to the point of view as expressed by others of wikipedia being the concensus of the uninformed please block me for much longer than 24 hours im going back to the real world 
0.2826956
is

by the way , do you two monitor each other's posts like butt buddies ? lmao . i didn't even realized i dissed your boyfriend in two separate posts until now . what are the odds of that ???
0.40392697
by the way do you two monitor each others posts like buta buddies lmao i didnt even realized i dissed your boyfriend in two separate posts until now what are the odds of that 
0.24426968
butt

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are some pages that you might find helpful : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . again , welcome ! by the way , i noticed your new page , bradley university provost . since the page is essentially about the university , i'm going to take the liberty of merging the content into the article on bradley university . the old page will become a redirect . cheers and happy editing !
0.007186905
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here are some pages that you might find helpful the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to wr te a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions again welcome by the way i noticed your new page bradley university provost since the page is essentially about the university im going to take the liberty of merging the content into the article on bradley university the old page will become a redirect cheers and happy editing 
0.004517148
write

there is also no mention of the gaa in the introduction .
0.008851927
there  s also no mention of the gaa in the introduction 
0.008221847
is

