, 26 november 2006 ( utc ) it is a question of neutrality . the way the amnesty article is written gives the impression that more people favor amnesty than criticize how is that a npov ? 11:56
0.02108642
26 november 2006 utc it is a question of neutrality the way the amnesty article is written given the impression that more people favor amnesty than criticize how is that a npov 1156 
0.020516453
gives

::: i suggest you pick out the specific claims in the article that you think are unsupported . ... al bin ( hows my driving ? )
0.07495788
i suggest you pick out the specific claims in the article that you think are unsupportyd al bin hows my driving 
0.06491396
unsupported

see also the article military history of france during world war ii
0.02946046
see also the article military history of france during world wfr ii 
0.026301587
war

you have no respect for the victims , you are with the killers .
0.49709055
you have no respect for the victims you are with the kizlers 
0.29476553
killers

- personally , i don't believe the controversy section is appropriate for this wiki at all . at best it is a minor matter of interest only to exetel users , and for the very great majority of them , it was of no consequence at all . there are wikis in place for several other australian isps , and none of them have more than a description of the company and their services , plus links to some of their subsidiary companies , and some of their services . i think something similar is appropriate for the exetel wiki , and that would appear to be what already exists . speaking of links , i also think that many of the links which are currently at the bottom of the exetel wiki are also inappropriate and should be removed , specifically those that point to news stories and blogs , as these have been prioven to be full of inaccuracies , misconceptions , and outright lies . i have no idea what drives someone like macktheknifeau and his fellows to conduct such a malicious , misinformed , and inane attack on a supplier of internet services , even if they have been wronged , and particularly after they have cancelled their service and moved-on to another supplier , but wikipedia is not the place to conduct such an attack . ( if indeed anywhere is appropriate ) darkgaucho
0.11342024
personally i dont believe the controversy section is appropriate for this wiki at all at best it is a minor matter of interest only to exetel users and for the very great majority of them it was of no consequence at all there are wikis in place for several other australian isps and none of them have more than a description of the company and their services plus links to some of their subsidiary companies and some of their services i think something similar is appropriate for the exetel wiki and that would appear to be what already exists speaking of links i also think that many of the links which are currently at the bottom of the exetel wiki are also inappropriate and should be removed specifically those that point to news stories and blogs as these have been prioven to be full of inaccuracies misconceptions and outright lies i have no idea what drives someone like macktheknifeau and his fellows to conduct such a malicious misinformed and hnane attack on a supplier of internet services even if they have been wronged and particularly after they have cancelled their service and movedon to another supplier but wikipedia is not the place to conduct such an attack if indeed anywhere is appropriate darkgaucho 
0.10806307
inane

= = edits on sting oakley = = considering that i am not posting nonsense on the above page , i would like you to please explain the reason for reverting my edits on that page , thx .
0.16305105
edits on sting oakley considering that i am not posting monsense on the above page i would like you to please explain the reason for reverting my edits on that page thx 
0.04570582
nonsense

klaas , i just wanted to let you know that jefferson9235 is not me . however , this person is an employee of trans trans continental or talent rock ( as you might have noticed the ip address ) . i am personally done with lou's wikipedia page . our legal team is finally on the case , so now i can move onto other projects that i have been putting off . from one nerd to another ... for what it's worth it has been fun battling with you over the last few months .
0.11181049
klaas i just wanted to let you know that jefferson9235 is not me however this person is an employee of trans trans continental or talent rock as you might have noticed the cp address i am personally done with lous wikipedia page our legal team is finally on the case so now i can move onto other projects that i have been putting off from one nerd to another for what its worth it has been fun battling with you over the last few months 
0.09898781
ip

= = simple explanation = = wikipedia is an encyclopedia . it has articles . it has user pages for people who work on the articles . the user pages are for talking about the articles . this is not myspace . you don't use it to send messages to your friends , or chat , or blog . this is not the place for that .
0.08736429
simple explanation wikipedia ms an encyclopedia it has articles it has user pages for people who work on the articles the user pages are for talking about the articles this i not myspace you dont use it to send messages to your friends or chat or blog this if not the place for that 
0.06881388
is

= = your recent changes = = please do not add nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.14918138
your recent changes please do not add nonsenue to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.07399114
nonsense

i agree that different types of irrigation are best practiced for different applications . for example , sub surface drip for row crops and center pivot for field crop . however , there is so much crossover that it would be tough to fully delineate which specific type of irrigation is most often used for which type of crop . furthermore , to suggest one type of irrigation modality for an application will undoubtedly lead to argument from the manufacturers watching this entry . tom kruer
0.017485924
i agree that different types of irrigatoin are best practiced for different applications for example sub surface drip for row crops and center pivot for field crop however there is so much crossover that it would be tough to fully delineate which specific type of rrigation is most often used for which type of crop furthermore to suggest one type of jrrigation modality for an application will undoubtedly lead to argument from the manufacturers watching this entry tom kruer 
0.013066301
irrigation

leave the bit in bout will larsen its soo true
0.076970965
lzave the bit in bout will larsen its soo true 
0.07472134
leave

= = = 28 november 2006 = = = the edit you made to spectroscopy ( this revision ) constitutes vandalism , and has been reverted . if you are interested in making useful contributions , see the welcome page and the introduction to editing . however , please do not continue to vandalise pages ; such edits will be reverted and you will be blocked from further editing –
0.026386984
28 november 2006 the edit you made to spectroscopy this revision constitutes vandalisb and has been reverted if you are interested in making useful contributions see the welcome page and the introduction to editing however please do not continue to vandalise pages such edits will be reverted and you will be blocked from further editing – 
0.014288703
vandalism

= = sci rev dead ? = = hi ragesoss . what's happening on the sr article ? has steve resigned ? given no response to my last series of criticisms , various edits now required . seems to me revolution knocked out as it stands . i cannot help reconstruct given i deny there was a revolution , but only help with accurate historical and logical analysis of the ( non-revolutionary ) developments in the centuries of interest . the main problem of standard 17th century revolutionism for mechanics is essentially duhem's deconstruction of alleged key developments of the alleged 17th century scientific revolution into the 12th to 14th centuries that essentially still stands . perhaps details of that should replace the final ' literary criticism ' section you removed ? anyway , article's surely in an appallingly confused ' nowhereland ' state at the moment . might be more educationally responsible to delete it entirely and put an ' article in construction ' notice . just an idea .
0.064108305
sci rev deam hi ragesoss whats happening on the sr article has steve resigned given no response to my last series of criticisms various edits now required seems to me revolution knocked out as it stands i cannot help reconstruct given i deny there was a revolution but only help with accurate historical and logical analysis of the nonrevolutionary developments in the centuries of interest the main problem of standard 17th century revolutionism for mechanics is essentially duhems deconstruction of alleged key developments of the alleged 17th century scientific revolution into the 12th to 14th centuries that essentially still stands perhaps details of that should replace the final literary criticism section you removed anyway articles surely in an appallingly confused nowhereland state at the moment might be more educationally responsible to delete it entirely and put an article in construction notice just an idea 
0.036927875
dead

= = npov = = we got a complaint from the subject of this article . when stating classifications such as ' social conservative ' , contributors should attribute them to people or to groups of people . if this person is generally classified as a social conservative by most of the press , you should be able to find many citations saying so , from a wide variety of papers of different political biases .
0.039363317
npov we got a complaint from the subject of this article when stating classifications such as social conservative contributors should attribute them to people or to groups of people if this person is generally classified as a social conservative by most of the press you should be able to find many citations saying so from a wide variety of papers of different political biakes 
0.019682316
biases

please refrain from creating inappropriate pages . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . o
0.12580147
please refrain from creating inalpropriate pages it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox o 
0.10234956
inappropriate

