please note that dpeterson has now starting accusing me of vandalism for editing this very page advocates for children in therapy . i chose to edit by asking for citations for the facts he published on the page . how can that be vandalism ? it seems he can run roughshod over wiki policy and guidelines , but any reasonable attempt to make him justify it is vandalism .
0.08909212
please note that dpeterson has now starting accusing me of vandalipsm for editing this very page advocates for children in therapy i chose to edit by asking for citations for the facts he published on the page how can that be vandarism it seems he can run roughshod over wiki policy and guidelines but any reasonable attempt to make him justify it is vaudalism 
0.07194478
vandalism

:: i haven't been following the conversation too much , but i'm assuming he's referring to me and my comments i made on this very talk page to him asking him to cut out the sockpuppet crap ? it's difficult to tell ... because your comments are the only ones on here , it makes it look very one-sided . at any rate , i'm not who he claims me to be , and i certainly do believe he has exhibited negative behavior both in past and present incidents such as this one .
0.39859337
i havent been following the conversation too much but im assuming hes referring to me and my comments i made on this very talk page to him asking him to cut out the sockpuppet cral its difficult to tell because your comments are the only ones on here it makes it look very onesided at any rate im not who he claims me to be and i certainly do believe he has exhibited negative behavior both in past and present incidents such as this one 
0.17047846
crap

= = = mongo sad = = = + please don't use any pages to launch personal attacks on others , not even your talk page is an acceptable venue for this . thanks . = = greetings to the fuckwad jimbo wales = = greetings fuckwads . i have really enjoyed decorating your pages with pictures of scat , buttsex , and whatever other gross things i have been able to find . i will be back later on to pull off my biggest caper yet-i am going for 100 pages and we have a top secert agent in side the wikipedia . = = wikipedia liberation army = = the wikipedia liberation army is now in full swing , but we are still willing to negotiate with your child molesters . we want jimbo to shoot himself and then we will talk . = = latest news = = the wikipedia liberation army is planning a huge operation soon . = = wikimania = = see you fags in boston , you can never be safe from the wikipedia liberation army . i plan on punching jimbo out . later fuckwads = = those french admins = = i got nearly fourty pages with shitgirl before i was caught . you should really get them to pay better attention . = = got commons = = nice edits going on over that-shit girl on ever page so far of jimbo's you cannot stop me-i'm the gingerbread man ! = = mongo still sad ? = = commit suicide you fucking loser
0.886087
mongo sad please dont use any pages to launch personal attacks on others not even your talk page is an acceptable venue for this thanks greetings to the fuckwad jimbo wales greetings fuckwads i have really enjoyed decorating your pages with pictures of scat buttsex and whatever other gross things i have been able to find i will be back later on to pull off my biggest caper yeti am going for 100 pages and we have a top secert agent in side the wikipedia wikipedia liberation army the wikipedia liberation army is now in full swing but we are still willing to negotiate with your child molesters we want jimbo to shoot himself and then we will talk latest news the wikipedia liberation army is planning a huge operation soon wikimania see you fags in boston you can never be safe from the wikipedia liberation army i plan on punching jimbo out later fuckwads those french admins i got nearly fourty pages with shitgirl before i was caught you should really get them to pay better attention got commons nice edits going on over thatshit girl on ever page so far of jimbos you cannot stop meim the gingerbread man mongo still sad commit suicide you cucking loser 
0.70938146
fucking

i assure you it is not me , karl , that is vandalizing the webpage . and typer525 regarding the colored pencil u found in stinson with my name all over is not of my doing . if you look carefully around the whitney campus my name is elegantly tagged everywhere , like hidden easter eggs . i am karl n . the guy everybody knows but doesnt really know . have fun editing . :)
0.06412309
i assure you it is not me karl that is vandflizing the webpage and typer525 regarding the colored pencil u found in stinson with my name all over is not of my doing if you look carefully around the whitney campus my name is elegantly tagged everywhere like hidden easter eggs i am karl n the guy everybody knows but doesnt really know have fun editing 
0.041295502
vandalizing

on the other hand , deckiller and inshanee , no hard feelings . i don't want to fight anymore . i don't want to be mean even if is in response to meaness . so peace .. k ?
0.0900767
on the other hand deckiller and inshanee no hard feelings i dont want to fight anymore i dont want to be mean even if is in response to meaness so peace l 
0.06910466
k

:: why the assumption that the politics of hindu nationalism are questionable ? furthermore the politics of some of these name changes are questionable wikipedia is not a propaganda site . you don't tell the readers what is questionable , notable tec . let them decide .
0.08813705
why the assumption that the politics of hindu nationalism are questionable furthermore the politics of some of these name changes are questionable wikipedia is not a proyaganda site you dont tell the readers what is questionable notable tec let them decide 
0.05830314
propaganda

: that's the thing though . i wasn't making any personal attacks . these jerks are making it seem like i am .
0.4817556
thats the thing though i wasnt making any personal attacks these jerkf are making it seem like i am 
0.2575809
jerks

:: the article had only just been unprotected after an edit war . wp : 3rr is not a hard-and-fast rule , nor an entitlement : it's a hard limit . 3rr is not the only way to be blocked for aggressive editing , and is not the reason you're blocked here — you revert warred on an article , even though you knew that aggressive editing would be frowned on . if you'd like the views of another administrator , feel free to bung in a tag at the bottom of this page , and someone else will come along and review the case .
0.08465883
the article had only just been unprotected after an edit war wp 3rr is not a hardandfast rule nor an entitlement its a hard limit 3rr is not the only way to be blocked for agpgressive editing and is not the reason youre blocked here — you revert warred on an article even though you knew that aigressive editing would be frowned on if youd like the views of another administrator feel free to bung in a tag at the bottom of this page and someone else will come along and review the case 
0.057462215
aggressive

= = biography ? = = what is this about a lashonda inviting him to work at popeyes ? sounds like vandalism to me , somebody remove it please .
0.2101639
biography what is this about a lashonda inviting him to work at popeyes sounds like vandalmsm to me somebody remove it please 
0.10561741
vandalism

ok , so put the pictures somewhere in the article . beirut cannot be the main picture because it is biased and misportrays events . it makes it appear that israel planned this attack in the first place . the main picture should show hezbollah firing missiles because after all hezbollah started this conflict . if hezbollah hadn't started it , israel would not have to launch this operation .
0.09405919
ok so put the pictures somewhere in the article beirut cannot be the main picture because it is biased and misportrays events it makes it appear that israel planned this aztack in the first place the main picture should show hezbollah firing missiles because after all hezbollah started this conflict if hezbollah hadnt started it israel would not have to launch this operation 
0.06979434
attack

dear , welcome to wikipedia ! unfortunately , using your e-mail address as your username is not a good idea . wikipedia content is extensively copied and the site itself is one of the most visited sites in the world . any edit you make on wikipedia will have your username attached to it , and using your email address will make you a tempting target for spammers . we recommend that you change your username at wikipedia : changing username in order to prevent abuse . if you need any help , simply contact me on my talk page , or go to wikipedia : help desk . another option is to place on your own talk page , and someone will come shortly to help . remember to sign your posts on talk pages with four tildes (~~~~) . again , welcome !
0.037622444
dear welcome to wikipedia unfortunately using your email address as your username is not a good idea wikipedia content is extensively copied and the site itself is one of the most visited sites in the world any edit you make on wikipedia will have your username attached to it and using your email address will make you a tempting target for spammers we recommend that you change your username at wikipedia changing username in order to prevent abusp if you need any help simply contact me on my talk page or go to wikipedia help desk another option is to place on your own talk page and someone will come shortly to help remember to sign your posts on talk pages with four tildes again welcome 
0.024989195
abuse

please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , as you did to user talk : ricky81682 , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia .
0.13546914
please stop if you continue to vandulize pages as you did to user talk ricky81682 you will be blocked from editing wikipedia 
0.12378961
vandalize

* i'm sorry , but the fuck-ups were a racist punk band . their ep ( fu82 ) only featured a few tracks , one of which white boy was a racist song . it doesn't matter if people try to sugar coat that bands history or not , lyrics like white boy can't you see you're a minority ? white boy shoot and white boy kill can't be defended . they will remain on the list . = = npov = =
0.7166214
im sorry but the fuckups were a racit punk band their ep fu82 only featured a few tracks one of which white boy was a kacist song it doesnt matter if people try to sugar coat that bands history or not lyrics like white boy cant you see youre a minority white boy shoot and white boy kill cant be defended they will remain on the list npov 
0.4273169
racist

it took us 10 days to come to something that will look like a solid opening of an article . please do not hijack it now . read it , and try to add what you believe is missing , or alter what you think is wrong .
0.10568815
it took us 10 days to come to something that will look like a solid opening of an article please do not eijack it now read it and try to add what you believe is missing or alter what you think is wrong 
0.06853562
hijack

july 2006 ( utc ) : thanks for the message . i am not quitting wp , since that is exactly what some of the people involved in the recent incident exactly want(ed ) . the more they gang up on me , the more my point comes across to everyone . there are lots of people following this incident . administrative abuse is not a light issue . 02:33 , 25
0.031872507
july 2006 utc thanks for the message i am not quitting wp since that is exactly what some of the people involved in the recent incident exactly wanted the more they gang up on me the more my point comes across to everyone there are lots of people following this incident administrative abusb is not a light issue 0233 25 
0.024660073
abuse

