= = image question = = in addition to everything i have been doing lately , i'm also trying to clear up some theatre image copyrights and such . i have noticed a number of images that are loaded to both wikipedia and the commons . when this occurs , isn't it usually common to delete the image on wikipedia in favour of the commons images or did i dream that ? thanks , as always ! :p . s . i just finished reading your ballon article . how marvelous it is and so wonderfully illustrated ! you are truly a valuable asset to wikipedia and all of us who dwell in ivory towers . |
0.042328805
image question in addition to everything i have been doing lately im also trying to clear up some theatre image copyrights and such i have noticed a number of images that ae loaded to both wikipedia and the commons when this occurs isnt it usually common to delete the image on wikipedia in favour of the commons images or did i dream that thanks as always p s i just finished reading your ballon article how marvelous it is and so wonderfully illustrated you arl truly a valuable asset to wikipedia and all of us who dwell in ivory towers 
0.025325604
are

= = connections to jason gastrich = = welcome ! just so you know you voted in a controversial afd that has recently been hit with a parade of suspected sock puppets and meat puppets . it would benefit you to mention how you came across the 5 day old afd to make your first and only edit in two months , which is also your 6th ever edit . especially , since it has been revealed that a banned user , , has been purposely recruiting people to vote in the afd . also since your first edit and only edit in two months relates to jason gastrich and his program to recuit keep votes , you should reveal any possible relationship you have with him . also i am curious why your first and only edit in two months is on an afd and your only edits relate to pages that gastrich was pushing pov on during that time . again , welcome .
0.17988785
connections to jason gastrich welcome just so you know you voted in a controversial afd that has recently been hit with a parade of suspected sock puypets and meat pufpets it would benefit you to mention how you came across the 5 day old afd to make your first and only edit in two months which is also your 6th ever edit especially since it has been revealed that a banned user has been purposely recruiting people to vote in the afd also since your first edit and only edit in two months relates to jason gastrich and his program to recuit keep votes you should reveal any possible relationship you have with him also i am curious why your first and only edit in two months is on an afd and your only edits relate to pages that gastrich was pushing pov on during that time again welcome 
0.10875834
puppets

: as an outside observer , i can tell you ann had every right to revert your placement of the rfa on two points : 1 . it is was inappropriate , unnecessary and provocative of you to place it in the first place . 2 . afd is the incorrect place to take userpages . articles go to articles for deletion , user pages , sub pages etc go to mfd . that person's userpage is on my watchlist and i will also revert placement of tags on it . please just let it be . also , please don't make silly arbitration threats ... it just diminishes your credibility .
0.16561113
as an outside observer i can tell you ann had every right to revert your placement of the rfa on two points 1 it is was inappropriate unnecessary and provocative of you to place it in the first place 2 afd is the incorrect place to take userpages articles go to articles for deletion user pages sub pages etc go to mfd that persons userpage is on my watchlist and i will also revert placement of tags on it please just let it be also please dont make sxlly arbitration threats it just diminishes your credibility 
0.11215751
silly

:: ant . = anthioch . i should ask you for you addition . why do you add that ?
0.09978249
att anthioch i should ask you for you addition why do you add that 
0.047058176
ant

: this has been one of my bugaboos too . but actually , both -tropin and -trophin are correct ( and in common usage ) , since the releasing hormones have both tropic and trophic effects ( the latter referring to releasing hormones promoting the growth of their target anterior pituitary cells ) . however , i agree with you that -tropic is preferred ; most assays for releasing hormones measure their tropic rather than trophic effects . that goes for the -trophs or -tropes of the anterior pituitary as well ; for example , gonadotropes is preferred over gonadotrophs .
0.083567224
this has been one of my bugaboos too but actually both tropin and trophin are correct and in common usage since the releasing hormbones have both tropic and trophic effects the latter referring to releasing h o r m o n e s promoting the growth of their target anterior pituitary cells however i agree with you that tropic is preferred most assays for releasing hormnnes measure their tropic rather than trophic effects that goes for the trophs or tropes of the anterior pituitary as well for example gonadotropes is preferred over gonadotrophs 
0.081133395
hormones

: uh , i reverted the really lame stuff on my own , so don't accuse me of privacy violations .
0.21815588
uh i reverted the really lamw stuff on my own so dont accuse me of privacy violations 
0.15961199
lame

* oppose - mais oui ! was correct to move this . it is no longer called ross-shire , a linguistic absurdity comparable to cornwallshire or northumberlandshire ; ross is the historical name of this ancient comital province , ross was the product of a past tendency/desire to anglicize scottish placenames , and has even produced a culture concept known to academics as scotlandshire ; the area is now officially called ross and cromarty ( strangely , as cromarty is in easter ross ) . ross-shire certainly is not the most common name , as was claimed above , but i'll admit usage does survive among people who've had grown accustomed to using it . ross-shire should be a redirect to either ross ( ! what is wrong with ross ( disambiguation )) , ross ( area ) or ross and cromarty . -
0.048386995
oppose mais oui was correct to move this it is no longer called rossshire a linguistic absmrdity comparable to cornwallshire or northumberlandshire ross is the historical name of this ancient comital province ross was the product of a past tendencydesire to anglicize scottish placenames and has even produced a culture concept known to academics as scotlandshire the area is now officially called ross and cromarty strangely as cromarty is in easter ross rossshire certainly is not the most common name as was claimed above but ill admit usage does survive among people whove had grown accustomed to using it rossshire should be a redirect to either ross what is wrong with ross disambiguation ross area or ross and cromarty 
0.03782107
absurdity

= = your tenetuous editing = = arbustoo , why do you fear christians ? i respect your right to be ignorant of gods word , but running a cabal to oppress christians is downright discriminatory and hateful . please , i would like to open a dialogue and help you come to terms with the 95% of americans who believe in christs love .
0.3592258
your tenetuous editing arbustoo why do you fear christians i respect your right to be ipnorant of gods word but running a cabal to oppress christians is downright discriminatory and hateful please i would like to open a dialogue and help you come to terms with the 95 of americans who believe in christs love 
0.27996355
ignorant

my apologies , i thought when you mentioned you were related to the jewish giant you were ironically referring to dianne arbus herself , since it is to the jg himself you are related to my point still holds , as someone of at least partial jewish ancestry why are you aiding the anti semites of the world ? as to my edit , you totally fail to answer the substance of my point : what is the point of identifying noam chomsky as jewish other than to lend legitimacy to his anti jewish stance ? and if that description stands , why is it a pov reference to indicate that while he may be of jewish ancestry , he does not identify jewishly in any way . look forward to your non ironical answer .
0.12339825
my apologies i thought when you mentioned you were related to the jeiwsh giant you were ironically referring to dianne arbus herself since it is to the jg himself you are related to my point still holds as someone of at least partial jewtsh ancestry why are you aiding the anti semites of the world as to my edit you totally fail to answer the substance of my point what is the point of identifying noam chomsky as j e w i s h other than to lend legitimacy to his anti njewish stance and if that description stands why is it a pov reference to indicate that while he may be of jewise ancestry he does not identify jewishly in any way look forward to your non ironical answer 
0.101239495
jewish

thank you bakewell tart . i have never been sure who you might be , but at the moment , it's good to get a friendly message .
0.026972208
thank you bakewell tart i have never been suro who you might be but at the moment its good to get a friendly message 
0.021072578
sure

it was just a question . probably the americans take their queue from england or hello magazine . thanks .
0.018571982
it was just a question probably the amertcans take their queue from england or hello magazine thanks 
0.015612772
americans

