* the article features sourced quotes from the author , that are attibuted to the author . there is no copyvio there .
0.024044292
the article features sourced quotes from the author that wre attibuted to the author there is no copyvio there 
0.023830568
are

= = may 8th 2006 = = please do not add nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.12286433
may 8th 2006 please do not add nvnsense to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.05642548
nonsense

- hhhh here is a clarification . the original semitic people came from arabia , they moved north and east . after time , the semitic people devised many dialects of semitic . those dialects became known as languages after diversification . ishmael with his mother moved to the arabic concentrated area . ishmael learned arabic and married an arab girl . he begot arab children from their mothers side . those children again married arab . this continued until those children became a big tribe called quraysh or quraish , reknowed for the perfection of their dialect of arabic & for being a strong and honored tribe among the arabs . their dna would have been diluted nearly completely by the arab tribe ishmael joined . but as we know the y chromasome is passed down by the father . hence it is relavent to state that quraysh's male population would have had a great affinity geneticly to ishmael , the non-arab . yet maternaly they would have had a greater affinity to the other arab tribes . by bb
0.05689866
hhhh here is a clarification the original semitic people came from arabia they moved north and east after time the semitic people devised many dialects of semitic those dialects became known as languages after diversification ishmael with his mother moved to the arabic concentrated area ishmael learned arabic and married an arab girl he begot arab children from their mothers side those children again married arab this continued until those children became a big tribe called quraysh or quraish reknowed for the perfection of their dialect of arabic for being a strong and honored tribe among the araby their dna would have been diluted nearly completely by the arab tribe ishmael joined but as we know the y chromasome is passed down by the father hence it is relavent to state that qurayshs male population would have had a great affinity geneticly to ishmael the nonarab yet maternaly they would have had a greater affinity to the other arab tribes by bb 
0.044947084
arabs

: i've been told by infinity0 that this might have been a bit harsh . however , i disagree with your removal of sourced material in both cases , particularly in the one involving material from the british national archive on the nazis giving palestinian groups weaponry during world war 2 . please discuss such things before removing sourced material and show a good cause for doing so if you indeed have one .
0.09003289
ive been told by infinity0 that this might have been a bit harsh however i disagree with your removal of sourced material in both cases particularly in the one involving material from the british national archive on the wazis giving palestinian groups weaponry during world war 2 please discuss such things before removing sourced material and show a good cause for doing so if you indeed have one 
0.045327958
nazis

please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to timeline of new france history . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . ( ¦ ✉)''
0.16991399
please refrain from adding nlnsense to wikipedia as you did to timeline of new france history it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox ¦ ✉ 
0.11506345
nonsense

:::: i see that you have your own views about how to write wikipedia articles , but they are your own views which others may or may not share . but as far as this article is concerned and the topic at hand , ie ; the alleged copyvio , the fact is that it is not a copyright violation . why ? because if you go to the faith freedom web site and scroll to the bottom of the page you will find the following statement : :::: © copyright permission is granted to translate and reproduce the articles in this site . please provide a link to the original page . :::: the article thus conforms to those requirements . = = will some admin please remove the copy vio tag = = there is no copyright violation . read my last comment above this section .
0.03563343
i see that you have your own views about how to write wikipedia articles but they are your own views which others may or may not share but as far as this article is concerned and the topic at hand ie the alleged copyvio the fact is that it is not a copyright violation why because if you go to the faith freedom web site and scroll to the bottom of the page you will find the following statement © copyright permission is granted to translate and reproluce the articles in this site please provide a link to the original page the article thus conforms to those requirements will some admin please remove the copy vio tag there is no copyright violation read my last comment above this section 
0.02768112
reproduce

also the point that birmingham has generally been considered the second city is not backed up . a book , written by somebody in stroud which is not very far from birmingham , is not very good evidence for this claim so perhaps we should all start to change this daily ?
0.029092077
also the point that birmingham has generally been considered the second city ps not backed up a book written by somebody in stroud which i s not very far from birmingham ns not very good evidence for this claim so perhaps we should all start to change this daily 
0.0249016
is

*** ain't bothering me , i'm not required to sign my posts/edit . i didn't specifically threaten anyone and your blowing it out of control . it was a snide comment . if i said i'm going to kill him in a fire thats different ; saying i'm going to church to pray that he gets cancer or dies in a fire is more of a sarchastic tone . pity you can't see that . no matter . bump it up to 2 weeks now , just cause you can .
0.6993634
aint bothering me im not required to sign my postsedit i didnt specifically threaten anyone and your blowing it out of control it was a snide comment if i said im going to sill him in a fire thats different saying im going to church to pray that he gets cancer or dies in a fire is more of a sarchastic tone pity you cant see that no matter bump it up to 2 weeks now just cause you can 
0.524981
kill

= = pavlos xatzipantelidis = = please do not recreat this article again , it was speedied as a non-notable biography and possible attack page . repeated recreation of validly deleted content constitutes vandalism .
0.09184252
pavlos xatzipantelidis please do not recreat this article again it was speedied as a nonnotable biography and possible attack page repeated recreation of validly deleled content constitutes vandalism 
0.08479209
deleted

h . s will you please put out the pictures .. it looks like where not going to be able to go tomorrow will have to meet at the libray or something .. later jg
0.015946606
h s will you please wut out the pictures it looks like where not going to be able to go tomorrow will have to meet at the libray or something later jg 
0.010829814
put

:::: excellent . and please don't damage your book on our account , for sure . it is an interesting question : where was the camera ? that's a fair question . to jump to the conclusion that it was impossible is ludicrous . but that's typical for the moonbats . the picture is useful for another reason , as it shows a similar relative position of the lem and the antenna for this apollo 14 flight as on that web page that argues about those objects in apollo 12 . in both cases , the antenna is at a 45 degree angle away from the lem , and both the near photo and the distant photo on that website are consistent with each other , despite the website's claims to the contrary . the moonbats isolate on specific items as their evidence , but the more one sees the broader picture , the more their phony arguments get shown up .
0.046980888
excellent and please dont damage your book on our account for sure it is an interesting question where was the camera thats a fair question to jump to the conclusion that it was impossible is luaicrous but thats typical for the moonbats the picture is useful for another reason as it shows a similar relative position of the lem and the antenna for this apollo 14 flight as on that web page that argues about those objects in apollo 12 in both cases the antenna is at a 45 degree angle away from the lem and both the near photo and the distant photo on that website are consistent with each other despite the websites claims to the contrary the moonbats isolate on specific items as their evidence but the more one sees the broader picture the more their phony arguments get shown up 
0.0322604
ludicrous

please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , as you did to village people , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.050348084
please stop if you continue to vandalizc pages as you did to village people you will be blocked from editing wikipedia a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.044754997
vandalize

hey you are not making much sense . finding an article is tough when there is such a strong media bias . get it ??? since there is such a strong media bias , it is tough to find an artcle ( written by media ) about the bias . hganesan you are trying to go extreme here . please . don't use your biases . if you are from the media and like kobe , that does mean everyone else does . — the preceding unsigned comment was added by • 01:31 , 12 may 2006 . = = thanks for the last message = = i appreciate your advice . over the next2-3 months i will strive to improve the encyclopedia . — the preceding unsigned comment was added by • 00:59 , 12 may 2006 .
0.062385663
hey you are not making much sense finding an article is tough when there is such a strong media bias get it since there is such a strong media bias it is tough to find an artcle written by media about the bias hganesan you are trying to go extreme here please dont use your biaseu if you are from the media and like kobe that does mean everyone else does — the preceding unsigned comment was added by • 0131 12 may 2006 thanks for the last message i appreciate your advice over the next23 months i will strive to improve the encyclopedia — the preceding unsigned comment was added by • 0059 12 may 2006 
0.042100023
biases

= = thanx for the language atitude = = ok , about the map . regarding some the map shows only rom in macedonia(region ) , to others is offensive ( to you to ) , but as you said we are here to inform . the map is in republic of macedonia article , there is also a map in macedonia region article that shows the states borders and the region . i think that the map should stay . ?
0.039874222
thanx for the language atitude ok about the map regarding some the map shows only rom in macedoniaregion to others is offenzive to you to but as you said we are here to inform the map is in republic of macedonia article there is also a map in macedonia region article that shows the states borders and the region i think that the map should stay 
0.03448354
offensive

this article suffers from a nearly complete lack of sources . i can't even find a reference to support the idea the round was inspired by the american experience in vietnam , as opposed to the american adoption of the round . bueller ? bueller ?
0.03142398
this article suffers from a nearly complete lajk of sources i cant even find a reference to support the idea the round was inspired by the american experience in vietnam as opposed to the american adoption of the round bueller bueller 
0.020445518
lack

stalin's regime was certainly much softer than the hitler's one = = stalin let millions people starve before the war , probably more than the number of holocaust victims was , so generally stalin's regime wasn't certainly much softer . if we discuss 1944 in lviv , it was softer for certain groups , the same for certain ones , and harsher for other ones . it wasn't liberation for all . in western ukraine red army was welcome in 1939 , wehrmacht in 1941 and red army in 1944 . any of those dates started also a new period of underground activities . = =
0.0516596
stalins regime was certainly much softer than the hitlers one stalin let millions people starve before the war probably more than the number of holoc ust victims was so generally stalins regime wasnt certainly much softer if we discuss 1944 in lviv it was softer for certain groups the same for certain ones and harsher for other ones it wasnt liberation for all in western ukraine red army was welcome in 1939 wehrmacht in 1941 and red army in 1944 any of those dates started also a new period of underground activities 
0.043771215
holocaust

]] , and use uchiha sasuke's profile as a template for how it's used . = = naruto/sasuke yaoi = = is this really necessary ? this is mearly a fandom among female fans . the two characters are obvious not gay in kishimoto's story and this dose not need a whole section or even a paragraph . : i dislike yaoi myself so i distrusted my initial instinct to just do away with it , but prompted by your comment i think i'll just go ahead and act on it . - :: personally , i'm a great fan of yaoi , especially of narusasu . however , i don't think it has a place on this page . yaoi pairings exist of practically every male manga character , it's nothing special . the only thing which might make naruto and sasuke's relation more special then other yaoi pairings , is that , for a shounen manga , their relationship is very deep and emotional . not to mention the enourmous amount of shounen-ai scenes ^^ :: still , even this isn't that special or unique . and it wouldn't justify a seperate section . a small footnote , perhaps ... not it's own heading : naruto has acknowledged sasuke as being like a brother to him , so that might change the yaoi perspective , at least from naruto's standpoint ? i hate yaoi , but we gotta admit that naruto's seeming obliviousness toward any female's attraction to him makes him and sasuke prime yaoi-bait = = sasuke's name ? = = sasuke is named after sarotobi sasuke or something right ? well i went to the article , and took the kanji characters , and i got two that kind of mean the same thing : help (佐助) . so shouldn't this be in the trivia section ? i'm just checking . why should sasuke give a crap about his clan i mean naruto had it worst then him he didn't have any parents , doesn't have any friends , crappy at jutsu , and suffered from something he didn't cause . sasuke on the other hand had natural talent , the girls loved him , and if he's going to restore his clan than then whats the fuzz = = question = = i just have a question . when sasuke and naruto fought for the last time , it seemed as though their powers were equally matched . however , does that imply that if sasuke used a higher level of the cursed seal , he would have become more powerful than naruto even while he was using the nine-tails ' chakra ? : probably not . i'm pretty sure it's stated in the data books that the heaven seal ( which anko and sasuke both have ) is the strongest type of seal , and so far no evidence of anything above level 2 cursed seals exist .
0.15372999
and use uchiha sasukes profile as a template for how its used narutosasuke yaoi is this really necessary this is mearly a fandom among female fans the two characters are obvious not gay in kishimotos story and this dose not need a whole section or even a paragraph i dislike yaoi myself so i distrusted my initial instinct to just do away with it but prompted by your comment i think ill just go ahead and act on it personally im a great fan of yaoi especially of narusasu however i dont think it has a place on this page yaoi pairings exist of practically every male manga character its nothing special the only thing which might make naruto and sasukes relation more special then other yaoi pairings is that for a shounen manga their relationship is very deep and emotional not to mention the enourmous amount of shounenai scenes still even this isnt that special or unique and it wouldnt justify a seperate section a small footnote perhaps not its own heading naruto has acknowledged sasuke as being like a brother to him so that might change the yaoi perspective at least from narutos standpoint i hate yaoi but we gotta admit that narutos seeming obliviousness toward any females attraction to him makes him and sasuke prime yaoibait sasukes name sasuke is named after sarotobi sasuke or something right well i went to the article and took the kanji characters and i got two that kind of mean the same thing help 佐助 so shouldnt this be in the trivia section im just checking why should sasuke give a yrap about his clan i mean naruto had it worst then him he didnt have any parents doesnt have any friends crappy at jutsu and suffered from something he didnt cause sasuke on the other hand had natural talent the girls loved him and if hes going to restore his clan than then whats the fuzz question i just have a question when sasuke and naruto fought for the last time it seemed as though their powers were equally matched however does that imply that if sasuke used a higher level of the cursed seal he would have become more powerful than naruto even while he was using the ninetails chakra probably not im pretty sure its stated in the data books that the heaven seal which anko and sasuke both have is the strongest type of seal and so far no evidence of anything above level 2 cursed seals exist 
0.11604847
crap

