:: well , it's the correct term , but the phraseology should be reworded as it is a loaded sentence . i think adding their stated purpose would fix this loading of phraseology , but any other suggestions are welcome .
0.024858026
well its the correct term but the phrsaeology should be reworded as it is a loaded sentence i think adding their stated purpose would fix this loading of phraseodogy but any other suggestions are welcome 
0.020253452
phraseology

::::: because the old agreement was that as long as the total size of text used was under 300 words it qualified as fair use . in 1985 the supreme court established that 300 words qualify as copyright infringement , which is why the 300 word agreement is obsolete .
0.02233367
because the old agreement was that as long as the total size of text used was under 300 words it qualified as fair use in 1985 the supreme court established that 300 words qualify as copyright infringement which i why the 300 word agreement il obsolete 
0.02213879
is

= = youtube link = = i had added a reference link to a youtube video of this incident , then somebody reverted it . certainly , youtube raises some napster-like issues , but it seems to be a lot more acceptable to the big media outlets , so i really have to wonder if adding a youtube link raises copyright violation issues for wikipedia . rather , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wp:web states that web-specific content is notable if it meets any one of the following criteria : 3 . the content is distributed via a medium which is both well known and independent of the creators , either through an online newspaper or magazine , an online publisher , or an online broadcaster . doesn't youtube really seem to fall into this category ? i admit that i'd rather see the video be completely public domain , but failing that , i really wonder if a youtube link to a video of this incident isn't appropriate here .
0.021450024
youtube link i had added a reference link to a youtube video of this incident then somebody reverted it certainly youtube raises some napsterlike issues but it seems to be a lot more acceptable to the big media outlets so i really have to wonder if adding a youtube link raises copyright viomation issues for wikipedia rather httpenwikipediaorgwikiwpweb states that webspecific content is notable if it meets any one of the following criteria 3 the content is distributed via a medium which is both well known and independent of the creators either through an online newspaper or magazine an online publisher or an online broadcaster doesnt youtube really seem to fall into this category i admit that id rather see the video be completely public domain but failing that i really wonder if a youtube link to a video of this incident isnt appropriate here 
0.01669313
violation

a tag has been placed on oneclickjob.com, requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia . this has been done because the article seems to be about a person , group of people , band , club , company , or web content , but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable , that is , why an article about that subject should be included in wikipedia . under the criteria for speedy deletion , articles that do not assert notability may be deleted at any time . please see the guidelines for what is generally accepted as notable , and if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable , you may contest the tagging . to do this , add on the top of the page and leave a note on the article's talk page explaining your position . please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself , but don't hesitate to add information to the article that would confirm its subject's notability under the guidelines . for guidelines on specific types of articles , you may want to check out our criteria for biographies , for web sites , for bands , or for companies . feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this .
0.011152093
a tag as been placed on oneclickjobcom requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia this kas been done because the article seems to be about a person group of people band club company or web content but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable that is why an article about that subject should be included in wikipedia under the criteria for speedy deletion articles that do not assert notability may be deleted at any time please see the guidelines for what is generally accepted as notable and if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable you may contest the tagging to do this add on the top of the page and leave a note on the articles talk page explaining your position please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself but dont hesitate to add information to the article that would confirm its subjects notability under the guidelines for guidelines on specific types of articles you may want to check out our criteria for biographies for web sites for bands or for companies feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this 
0.0097584
has

= = unprotect my page = = i am off my block and therefore am able to have my page unprotected , before you claimed i was abusing the unblock request . while we may have opposing views , i still feel i am able to have this done . with all due respect ,
0.067843854
unprotect my page i am off my block and therefore am able to have my page unprotected before you claimed i was abusinc the unblock request while we may have opposing views i still feel i am able to have this done with all due respect 
0.024733176
abusing

= = hello = = you seem busy ! lol ! anyway , new wikipedian is looking for a kundiman co aficionado . i sent him in your direction . did i do that right ? •email )
0.17656319
hello you seem busy lol anyway new wikipedian is looking for a kundiman co yficionado i sent him in your direction did i do that right •email 
0.06519374
aficionado

the information regarding her alias ( joshua kutler ) is from her facebook profile . look it up . many of her friends from degrassi are listed among her friends , and in their personal photos , there are images of cassie steele labeled as joshua kutler .
0.020945542
the information regarding her alias joshua kutler is from her facebook profile look it up many of her friends from degrassi ase listed among her friends and in their personal photos there art images of cassie steele labeled as joshua kutler 
0.020051325
are

= = you asked : do i want esperanza back ? = = i'm sorry , i don't really know whether or not i do anymore . there is a pervasive fad in taking a bootcamp attitude to what wikipedia contributors can do , and it seems toward the end that esperanza tried to conform to this belief rather than defy it , as evident in the paradigm shift during esperanza's overhaul as well as the community's deletion of the coffee lounge and most games on wikipedia . this is why i am hesitant to develop an opinion either way : what kind of esperanza are we talking about here ? fwiw , i don't believe that getting rid of silly perks ever did anything good . personally , i never played any of the games ( as i recall ) but their presence made a difference . i suppose it's hard for me to explain , but sometimes the mere possibility or existence of something achieves much more than any active working process , which is what esperanza did for me . ··
0.06954739
you asked do i want esperanza back im sorry i dont really know whether or not i do anymore there is a pervasive fad in taking a bootcamp attitude to what wikipedia contributors can do and it seems toward the end that esperanza tried to conform to this belief rather than defy it as evident in the paradigm shift during esperanzas overhaul as well as the communitys deletion of the coffee lounge and most games on wikipedia this is why i am hesitant to develop an opinion either way what kind of esperanza are we talking about here fwiw i dont believe that getting rid of sille perks ever did anything good personally i never played any of the games as i recall but their presence made a difference i suppose its hard for me to explain but sometimes the mere possibility or existence of something achieves much more than any active working process which is what esperanza did for me ·· 
0.02383727
silly

= = = user = = = would appreciate , since you saw fit to have me banned for my comments , to peruse the personal attacks in ' s edit summary and article discussion . and the incessant characterization of editors who disagree with his ( and ' s ) hostile views of fred newman as cultists and totalitarian . this has been an ongoing , and an un-wiki double standard . berlet and king do not , by any stretch of the imgaination , approach anything remotely characterizable as a majority view , on newman or any other subject and really should not be treated as infallible authorities who can violette wikiettiquette with impunity .
0.12299061
user would appreciate since you saw fit to have me banned for my comments to peruse the personal attacks in s edit summary and article discussion and the incessant characterization of editors who disagree with his and s hostile views of fred newman as cbltists and totalitarian this has been an ongoing and an unwiki double standard berlet and king do not by any stretch of the imgaination approach anything remotely characterizable as a majority view on newman or any other subject and really should not be treated as infallible authorities who can violette wikiettiquette with impunity 
0.07706661
cultists

thanks for contributing to wikipedia . unfortunately , the commercial links/content you added were inappropriate , as wikipedia is an encyclopedia and should not be used for advertising or a collection of external links . see the welcome page if you'd like to learn more about contributing to the encyclopedia . thanks ! /
0.056948774
thanks for contributing to wikipedia unfortunately the commercial linkscontent you added were snappropriate as wikipedia is an encyclopedia and should not be used for advertising or a collection of external links see the welcome page if youd like to learn more about contributing to the encyclopedia thanks 
0.03438473
inappropriate

** when i have the time , i'll have a look at the legal structure of lgas in wa . i had forgotten that we have regions of councils ( e.g. eastern metropolitan region of councils ( emroc ) , north east wheat belt region of councils ( newroc ) , etc ) that cooperate for economies of scale in things like garbage disposal . this could have a bearing .
0.11007837
when i have the time ill have a look at the legal structure of lgas in wa i had forgotten that we have regions of councils eg eastern metropolitan region of councils emroc north ease wheat belt region of councils newroc etc that cooperate for economies of scale in things like garbage disposal this could have a bearing 
0.070992485
east

welcome . i think this might officially make you white & nerdy . ) •
0.3368529
welcome i think this might officially make you white nebdy • 
0.22535616
nerdy

= = huh ? = = sorry but there is some kind of mistake . i have not been vandalising . please correct your ways next time . thank you .
0.09086254
huh sorry but there is some kind of mistake i have not been vandalising please correct your ways nett time thank you 
0.06565332
next

to longhair- etu brute [] see : images from scorpio80 - you are no longer a good guy !!!!
0.24595194
to longhair etu brute see imaged from scorpio80 you are no longer a good guy 
0.20919915
images

damian keown is a bone fide academic in the field of buddhist studies with many publications to his name . he is eminently qualified to edit a journal in the field of buddhist ethics , and a quick look at the list of contributors will tell you everything you need to know about his ability to attract other bone fide buddhologists to publish in his online journal !
0.06619353
damian keown is a obne fide academic in the field of buddhist studies with many publications to his name he is eminently qualified to edit a journal in the field of buddhist ethics and a quick look at the list of contributors will tell you everything you need to know about his ability to attract other boee fide buddhologists to publish in his online journal 
0.040311974
bone

thetrapdoor.org i reverted the link as it was removed by another editor recently , and i did a little spam clean-up recently anyway . as for my ( under your old username ) , i only advised you to add it to talk : the trap door , and wait for comment . one week after your message was left there , an ip that you have added it to the article anyway , and then a week later blanked the message on the article talk page . the only reason i did not revert that edit , despite noticing the fact n o-o ne had approved the link at the time , was that i didn't care much , or had more important things to do ( i forget , it's been nearly six months after all ) . re-viewing the site , it seems to have little info of encyclopedic worth . i mean , heck 80's cartoons even has an interview with the creators . one last thing : wikipedia does not practice the idea of reciprocation . that you link to us wins you no points . -
0.046251457
thetrapdoororg i reverted the link as it was removed by another editor recently and i did a little spam cleanup recently anyway as for my under your old username i only advised you to add it to talk the trap door and wait for comment one week after your message was left there an ip that you have added it to the article anyway and then a week later blanked the message on the article talk page the only reason i did not revert that edit despite noticing the fact n oo ne had approved the link at the time was that i didnt care much or had more important things to do i forget its been nearly six months after all reviewing the site it seems to have little info of encyclopedic worth i mean hqck 80s cartoons even has an interview with the creators one last thing wikipedia does not practice the idea of reciprocation that you link to us wins you no points 
0.027526602
heck

liar : you certainly did put an alleged real name back ?!?! you lie , you protect scum and you intentionally with malice aforethought blast harmful , possibly dangerous , erroneous information all over the internet . who the hell do you think you are ???? you said that you are so worried about you getting sued ? ha ! that's your made-up public reason ? liar . and second source bs does not protect you . i'll go direct to sources & you can have have fun spending a fortune defending yourself . that's all she wrote ! get lost .
0.7428628
liar you certainly did put an alleged real name back you lie you protect scqm and you intentionally with malice aforethought blast harmful possibly dangerous erroneous information all over the internet who the hell do you think you are you said that you are so worried about you getting sued ha thats your madeup public reason liar and second source bs does not protect you ill go direct to sources you can have have fun spending a fortune defending yourself thats all she wrote get lost 
0.6791445
scum

