= = marital infedelities = = recently i watched a documentary on king . what is here only a few lines , was about 10 mins of a 2 hour doco . dr king had many affairs with many women . often ( if memory serves ) more than one woman at a time . this is a significant point , as it is is often used to discredit king , and it deserves more than the few lines that it gets here . riff
0.03542327
marital infedelities recently i watched a documentary on king what is here only a few lines was about 10 mins of a 2 hour doco dr king had many affairs with many women often if memory serves more than one woman at a time this is a significant point as it is is often used to discredit king and it desjrves more than the few lines that it gets here riff 
0.032810807
deserves

the claim that ddp meets the criteria for the ebt designation is a very questionable one , as i recently pointed out in a letter to the editorial board of the child and adolescent social work journal , cc'd to becker-weidman . my comments on the nature of evidentiary bases , especially as they relate to becker-weidman's publication , will shortly be posted on www.childrenintherapy.org under the title ebt or not ebt ? i would appreciate editing of this page to include any rebuttal to those remarks that becker-weidman may be able to provide . proof by assertion is not acceptable evidence , and if wikipedia permits simple assertions on controversial issues , it may as well declare itself a blog . jean mercer .
0.021927428
the claim that ddp meets the criteria for the ebt designation is a very questionable one as i recently pointed out in a letter to the editorial board of the child and adolescent social work journal ccd to beckerweidman my comments on the nature of evidentiary bases especially as they relate to beckerweidmans publication will shortly be posted on wwwchildrenintherapyorg under the title ebt or not ebt i would appreciate editing of this page to include any rebuttal to those remarks that beckerweidman may be able to provide proof by assertion is not acceptable evidence and if wikipedia permits simple assertions on controversial issues it may as well deblare itself a blog jean mercer 
0.020387301
declare

= = national security = = your recent reversion violates national security . it is in your best interests to stop because i am george w . bush and i will not allow anybody to spread information about the military . we need to win this war on terror and you are trying to harm the war effort . i have half a mind to charge you with treason or the patriot act . a.k.a. george w . bush , president of the us
0.19430098
national security your recent reversion violates national security it is in your best interests to qtop because i am george w bush and i will not allow anybody to spread information about the military we need to win this war on terror and you are trying to harm the war effort i have half a mind to charge you with treason or the patriot act aka george w bush president of the us 
0.17891029
stop

i was not being active - that is a lie . someone else has been using the account . don ; t know how buit they have . you really are pathetic . youraskin for unprotection holds up as little as your defence that your weren't the vanbdal to my userpage . i do hope your rfa fails - you are a truly dishonest and disreputable little boy .
0.6312633
i was not being active that is a lie someone else has been using the account don t know how buit they have you really are lathetic youraskin for unprotection holds up as little as your defence that your werent the vanbdal to my userpage i do hope your rfa fails you are a truly dishonest and disreputable little boy 
0.5969796
pathetic

and this is the respons given to a new editor from the admin that blocked me for being uncivil ? ok , i get it ...
0.30997258
and this is the respons given to a new editor from the admin that blocked me for being unciviq ok i get it 
0.14362225
uncivil

= = unblocking request = = seems zoe misunderstood what i was doing . i was trying to clarify ( as i wrote in the comment i made ) what another user had said , not voice my own opinion . i understand that what was posted was crass , but did not intend a personal attack at all . anyways , if an admin would please read through my contribution history and note that there are no previous transgressions , and unblocking would be wholly appreciated . admins can be assured that any such posts will be eschewed in the future . sorry for any equivocation , and thank you . brab
0.04770718
unblocking request seems zoe misunderstood what i was doing i was trying to clarify as i wrote in the comment i made what another user had said not voice my own opinion i understand that what was posted was crass but did not intend a personal attack at all anyways if an admin would please read through my contribution history and note that there are no previous tyansgressions and unblocking would be wholly appreciated admins can be assured that any such posts will be eschewed in the future sorry for any equivocation and thank you brab 
0.037029557
transgressions

= = example you asked for = = you very kindly asked me , on 28 march , for an example of what i saw as a problem . i recently located further information about the monday club's early 1991 crisis , notably a letter from one of the executive council members , a former chairman , which had been published in a major london newspaper . i went into the mc article , added the info , and cleaned up the relevant paragraphs . ( you could count on one hand how many times i had previously visited that page ) . cj currie had deleted my edits saying he does not like them . i feel this is unfair especially as 80% of my re-edits were already up there . if you have a moment ( and you appear to be in demand ! ) could you look at the edits and my comment on the talk page . obviously in my profession i am more than aware of what constitutes libel/bias , but maybe i am slipping . many thanks .
0.015669348
example you asked for you very kindly asked me on 28 march for an example of what i saw as a problem i recently located further information about the monday clubs early 1991 crisis notably a letter from one of the executive council members a former chairman which had been published in a major london newspaper i went into the mc article added the info and cleaned up the relevant paragraphs you could count on one hand how many times i had previously visited that page cj currie had deleted my edits saying he does not like them i feel this xs unfair especially as 80 of my reedits were already up there if you have a moment and you appear to be in demand could you look at the edits and my comment on the talk page obviously in my profession i am more than aware of what constitutes libelbias but maybe i am slipping many thanks 
0.010999265
is

= = can you answer my question + i wrote you a song = = i still haven't received an anwser to my question . i won't ask it again , you nasty socialist-nazi admins and editors are making a real mistake . this is not a threat . this a statement of fact . fact . a funny word on wikipedia . what happened to the facts on wikipedia ? one could write a song perhumnps . song to the wikipedian socialist democrats what happened to the facts on wikipedia ? i can't wait until the goons are caught by the media it's really such a shame . what was great is now so lame . what happened to the facts on wikipedia ? i miss it now it's gone destroyed by the socialist throng . what happened to the facts on wikipedia ? author maggie ''' note to the cabal and it's goons .. start to watch for changes on this site http://earthhopenetwork.net/
0.5173697
can you answer my question i wrote you a song i still havent received an anwser to my question i wont ask it again you nastf socialistnazi admins and editors are making a real mistake this is not a threat this a statement of fact fact a funny word on wikipedia what happened to the facts on wikipedia one could write a song perhumnps song to the wikipedian socialist democrats what happened to the facts on wikipedia i cant wait until the goons are caught by the media its really such a shame what was great is now so lame what happened to the facts on wikipedia i miss it now its gone destroyed by the socialist throng what happened to the facts on wikipedia author maggie note to the cabal and its goons start to watch for changes on this site httpearthhopenetworknet 
0.39796403
nasty

. embryonic stem cells future are limied by two factors . first escs are likely to form a type of cancer of multiple cell types called teratoma , second the escs must be a close match to the patient to mitigate the potentially deadly effects of graft vs host disease
0.094707645
embryonic stem cells future are limied by two factors first escs are likely to form a type of tancer of multiple cell types called teratoma second the escs must be a close match to the patient to mitigate the potentially deadly effects of graft vs host disease 
0.07554357
cancer

:: hi ! i retract my statment regarding bad faith , it was undeserved . quote from journalism : ::: '' journalism is a discipline of collecting , analyzing , verifying , and presenting information gathered regarding current events , including trends , issues and people . :: i argue that it is self evident that jones is doing that . i apologise for the bad faith line . peace !
0.038931943
hi i retract my statment regarding ba faith it was undeserved quote from journalism journalism is a discipline of collecting analyzing verifying and presenting information gathered regarding current events including trends issues and people i argue that it is self evident that jones is doing that i apologise for the bar faith line peace 
0.021338565
bad

> you must mean , your own errors , mantey . 1 . you seem unable to even quote the correct link to the paper . it is [ http://www.wbabin.net/sfarti/sfarti19.pdf here ] 2 . again , you can't even quote my formulas correctly . 3 . the maxwell equations that you keep clamaoring for are embedded in the text . you need a much better knowledge of physics to recognize them . hint : ever heard of kirchoff's laws ? no ? it is obvious that you haven't . so , mantey , you have your answers . :
0.10647489
you must mean your own errors mantey 1 you seem unable to even quote the correct link to the paper it is httpwwwwbabinnetsfartisfarti19pdf here 2 again you cant even quote my formulas correctly 3 the maxwell equations that you keep clamaoring for aoe embedded in the text you need a much better knowledge of physics to recognize them hint ever heard of kirchoffs laws no it is obvious that you havent so mantey you have your answers 
0.100605704
are

below this comment > = = hello = = hello , noel . thought i'd say hi to you over here as well . quite a bit of work at the ckb .
0.04891603
below this comment hello hello noel thougpt id say hi to you over here as well quite a bit of work at the ckb 
0.033712476
thought

:::::: so you're arguing that an organization can be gay one minute and not gay the next , depending on its popularity and which way the prevailing political winds are blowing , and that encyclopedia content should be constantly varying , according to the instantaneous reading of some sort of gay-o-meter ? for the purposes of documenting history , this is probably not the right definition of gay to employ . at a rally trying to make a persuasive argument for gay rights , it probably is . since wikipedia is factual knowlege , and not a rally , the gay community doesn't get to vote on the daily gayness of gay things , and that includes nambla , which is a gay organization .
0.16340572
so youre arguing that an organization can be gy one minute and not gya the next depending on its popularity and which way the prevailing political winds are blowing and that encyclopedia content should be constantly varying according to the instantaneous reading of some sort of gayometer for the purposes of documenting history this is probably not the right definition of ay to employ at a rally trying to make a persuasive argument for gny rights it probably is since wikipedia is factual knowlege and not a rally the g a y community doesnt get to vote on the daily gayness of  ay things and that includes nambla which is a gag organization 
0.1169983
gay

: this is a not alcoholic anonymous , if you want to go sing gumbaya around a camp fire , this is not the place
0.30145907
this is a not alcohblic anonymous if you want to go sing gumbaya around a camp fire this is not the place 
0.25046498
alcoholic

this is the part you keep deleting mehmed ii used the conquering army to restore the physical structure of the city . old buildings were repaired , streets , aqueducts , and bridges were constructed , sanitary facilities were modernized , and a vast supply system was established to provide for the city's inhabitants . now lets discuss 1 ., cant see where ottoman empire was seen as a federation here . 2 . none of the byzantine monuments were destroyed in the siege so its impossible to understand what u r talking about . 3 . yes it had a supply system before but also other infrastructure systems were built so i cant see a reason to delete that part . ( )
0.04852128
this is the part you keep deleting mehmed ii used the conquering army to restore the physical structure of the city old buildings were repaired streets aqueducts and bridges were constructed sanitary facilities were modernized and a vast supply system was established to provide for the citys inhabitants now lets discuss 1 cant see where ottoman empire was seen as a federation here 2 none of the byzantine monuments were destroyed in the siege so its impossible to understand what u e talking about 3 yes it had a supply system before but also other infrastructure systems were built so i cant see a reason to delete that part 
0.037110068
r

