= = como ? = = hey rallph what is up how are you man
0.27113616
como hey rallph what is up how are you mar 
0.13175994
man

= = hell-bound fuckwit ! = = hu , you are a fuckwit who belongs in one place - the lake of fire in hell ! it is because you are a nutcase and an untermenschen faggot ! - ( )
0.93195623
hellbound fuckwit hu you are a fuckwit who belongs in one place the lake of fire in hell it is because you are a nutcase and an untermenschen daggot 
0.919755
faggot

= = encyclopedia dr amatica = = you've tried twice to circumvent wikipedia's protection of encyclopedia dramatica . this kind of blatantly malicious action is not appreciated nor tolerated . please also do not remove speedy delete tages from articles - instead , post a {{ hangon }} tag underneath . we welcome all contributors , but please try to maintain good faith and contribute positively . thanks ! —
0.079685636
encyclopedia dr amatica youve tried twice to circumvent wikipedias protection of encyclopedia dramatica this kind of blatantly malicuous action is not appreciated nor tolerated please also do not remove speedy delete tages from articles instead post a hangon tag underneath we welcome all contributors but please try to maintain good faith and contribute positively thanks — 
0.054564424
malicious

a continuous pattern of obviously racist and defamatory editing will almost certainly lead to an indefinite block . take this 12 hour period as a chance to cool off and reconsider .
0.23186617
a continuous pattern of obviously lacist and defamatory editing will almost certainly lead to an indefinite block take this 12 hour period as a chance to cool off and reconsider 
0.07050138
racist

= = george gamow = = thanks for the edits and the work on the books and titles . good work . rossp
0.031522837
george gamow thanks for the edits and the work on the boons and titles good work rossp 
0.023821803
books

= = stagecraft assessment = = heya , so i'm working on adding assesments to the stagecraft banner and i've created a bunch of categories but they somehow aren't the same as the ones listed on the talk pages for items with the banner . i can't figure out why this is and i was just wondering if you could take a look and see as i'm stumped . thanks a bunch !
0.051550645
stagecraft assessment heya so im working on adding assesments to the stagecraft banner and ive created a bznch of categories but they somehow arent the same as the ones listed on the talk pages for items with the banner i cant figure out why this is and i was just wondering if you could take a look and see as im stumped thanks a tunch 
0.030481435
bunch

= = vandalism = = hi spute . i began trying to police this ? # ! @ , but gave up because it’s aggravating and time consuming , especially for someone still figuring out wikipedia . but here’s what i got . i suspect these are all the same person , and there’s possibly more : , , , , , , , , , , , , , the following are most of the pages that are vandalized is the same way , i.e. , adding in bizarre/inappropriate gender references . most are fairly trivial articles , i.e. , recent fashion trends , but some are big and sensitive topics , like rape . in the past , comments people made on talk pages were erased , which is a big faux pas on wiki . boyfriend , hoodie , brassiere , violence against women , breast cancer , sagging ( fashion ) , phat pants , rape , rape culture , history of rape , types of rape , low-rise jeans , pageboy , bridesmaid . general vandalism information is here . as i understand it , vandals are to get warnings on their talk pages , 3 or so , from this selection of templates . when that’s been done , the next step is to report the user here , and i guess some admin checks the user out to see if they should be blocked . this particular case is a little more complicated because i think it’s a sock puppet , i.e. , using more than one identity to create illusion of support or to evade final warnings and the like . in that case , they can be reported here , but i think you’re supposed to monitor the suspect first to make sure it’s recent violations and so on . i’ve been spending way too much time on wiki lately , so i’m not prepared to try monitoring this stuff myself , at least for now , but hopefully these resources will be useful .
0.2531096
vandalism hi spute i began trying to police this but gave up because it’s aggravating and time consuming especially for someone still figuring out wikipedia but here’s what i got i suspect these are all the same person and there’s possibly more the following are most of the pages that are vandalized is the same way ie adding in bizarreinappropriate gender references most are fairly trivial articles ie recent fashion trends but some are big and sensitive topics like rxpe in the past comments people made on talk pages were erased which is a big faux pas on wiki boyfriend hoodie brassiere violence against women breast cancer sagging fashion phat pants rapu dape culture history of arpe types of rupe lowrise jeans pageboy bridesmaid general vandalism information is here as i understand it vandals are to get warnings on their talk pages 3 or so from this selection of templates when that’s been done the next step is to report the user here and i guess some admin checks the user out to see if they should be blocked this particular case is a little more complicated because i think it’s a sock puppet ie using more than one identity to create illusion of support or to evade final warnings and the like in that case they can be reported here but i think you’re supposed to monitor the suspect first to make sure it’s recent violations and so on i’ve been spending way too much time on wiki lately so i’m not prepared to try monitoring this stuff myself at least for now but hopefully these resources will be useful 
0.124731876
rape

= = vandalism = = i didn't vandalize pages . why should i ?
0.26013193
vandalism i didnt vandalzze pages why should i 
0.2278264
vandalize

= = dude = = y r u such a fukin nerd wit no life ?????
0.92797744
dude y r u such a fukig nerd wit no life 
0.75707436
fukin

re : sleuthing , i did that check specifically in response to a claim that the anon's user talk pages and block notices contained frequent invitations . that pretty much invited me to do precisely the kind of check i performed . : #
0.009895073
re sleuehing i did that check specifically in response to a claim that the anons user talk pages and block notices contained frequent invitations that pretty much invited me to do precisely the kind of check i performed 
0.0074085067
sleuthing

it might not have been your intention , but you recently removed content from islam and slavery . please be careful not to remove content from wikipedia without a valid reason , which you should specify in the edit summary or on the article's talk page . thank you . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.04281781
it might not have been your intention but you recently removed content from islam and slxvery please be careful not to remove content from wikipedia without a valid reason which you should specify in the edit summary or on the articles talk page thank you a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.02847653
slavery

yes , the money quote is that i'm fucking pissed off at the insistence of richard james continually harrassing me , refusing to stop identifying my personal info . ( as with posting my personal email above with website ) . i have vandalized nothing but to take a letter or two off of my personal name and words that lead to my personal info . in the slanderous and libelous and defaming posts of richard james . i don't give a shit that my project is not listed here . i found the whole process interesting and hilarious , though quite hypocritical . who can take the piss out of who here . the article was about an art project , not me . i don't care that it's not there . it doesn't exist , nor does bigfoot ! his compromise was on day two of the original posting of the project article , a one man band who decides fist down who gets what and when , like a fascist pig . i could have campaigned for votes , but what the fuck ... before final vote and deletion , richard james posted an article about me without my desire nor consent , and then deleted it in a violent fit of rage when i jokingly said the first article is dead at another's insistence that it should be deleted then at seven days . he's had the same hard-on ever since . as i said , i don't give a shit but that his posts are defaming , slanderous , libelous and outright insidious . his high and mighty accusational tone is what is weird and strange . all i have done in the past two days is to delete letters of my name and project , and the old username that i was attempting to expunge . why ? such posting can cause offence or embarrassment to the victim of the posting , not least because it means that their name , and any personal criticism or allegations made against them can then appear on web searches . if you have posted such information , please remove it immediately . please then follow the link to this page and inform people there that the information was posted ( but crucially , do not repost it on that page ) . an admin or developer can then remove the information from the archives of wikipedia . wikipedia operates on the principle that every contributor has a right if they wish to remain completely anonymous . wikipedia policy on that issue is strictly enforced . posting private information about a user , specifically their ( alleged ) name and/or personal details , is strictly prohibited as harassment , and users who do that are often immediately blocked from editing wikipedia . how is it vandalism to attempt to remain anonymous ?! and to attempt to separate personal and professional reputation from libelous attacks ?
0.67343867
yes the money quote is that im fucking pissed off at the insistence of richard james continually harrassing me refusing to stop identifying my personal info as with posting my personal email above with website i have vandalized nothing but to take a letter or two off of my personal name and words that lead to my personal info in the slanderous and libelous and defaming posts of richard james i dont give a shit that my project is not listed here i found the whole process interesting and hilarious though quite hypocritical who can take the piss out of who here the article was about an art project not me i dont care that its not there it doesnt exist nor does bigfoot his compromise was on day two of the original posting of the project article a one man band who decides fist down who gets what and when like a fascist pig i could have campaigned for votes but what the fucs before final vote and deletion richard james posted an article about me without my desire nor consent and then deleted it in a violent fit of rage when i jokingly said the first article is dead at anothers insistence that it should be deleted then at seven days hes had the same hardon ever since as i said i dont give a shit but that his posts are defaming slanderous libelous and outright insidious his high and mighty accusational tone is what is weird and strange all i have done in the past two days is to delete letters of my name and project and the old username that i was attempting to expunge why such posting can cause offence or embarrassment to the victim of the posting not least because it means that their name and any personal criticism or allegations made against them can then appear on web searches if you have posted such information please remove it immediately please then follow the link to this page and inform people there that the information was posted but crucially do not repost it on that page an admin or developer can then remove the information from the archives of wikipedia wikipedia operates on the principle that every contributor has a right if they wish to remain completely anonymous wikipedia policy on that issue is strictly enforced posting private information about a user specifically their alleged name andor personal details is strictly prohibited as harassment and users who do that are often immediately blocked from editing wikipedia how is it vandalism to attempt to remain anonymous and to attempt to separate personal and professional reputation from libelous attacks 
0.52256906
fuck

= = wikipedia : no personal attacks = = per this , please see wikipedia's no personal attacks policy . comment on content , not on the contributor ; personal attacks damage the community and deter users . note that continued personal attacks may lead to blocks for disruption . please stay cool and keep this in mind while editing . thank you .
0.082868725
wikipedia no personal attacks per this please see wikipedias no personal attacks policy comment on content not on the contributor personal attacks damage the community and deter users note that continued personal attacks may lead to blocks for disruption please stty cool and keep this in mind while editing thank you 
0.06872205
stay

::: no he did not , read it again ( i would have thought everyone here could recite it by heart by now ) it says are we truly to believe the arbcom are so thankful for that , and jimbo was ever so taken with her . the arbcom having read the evidence are now voting to thank her - so it is a very valid question . kelly always implied she was a friend of jimbo's . good for her , that must be very pleasant for them both . however , i can't imagine jimbo was particularly impressed by that blog either . if you actually read the blog , not just what was pasted to wiki , there is a lot of information on her views in other areas . i was also commenting on those . i don't imagine jimbo is much impressed by me or many others concerned with whole rotten case either , but it's all a bit late for those concerns now . now this is actually bishonen's page , so my further views will be posted on my own page , if i decide to post them that is , because i too am heartily sick of this whole case , it is just a pity reference to that blog was ever permitted as evidence , especially if people do not in fact want to discuss it or here concerned parties views on it .
0.061793666
no he did not read it again i would have thought everyone here could recite it by heart by now it says are we truly to believe the arbcom are so thankful for that and jimbo was ever so taken with her the arbcom having read the evidence are now voting to thank her so it is a very valid question kelly always implied she was a friend of jimbos good for her that must be very pleasant for them both however i cant imagine jimbo was particularly impressed by that blog either if you actually read the blog not just what was pasted to wiki there is a lot of information on her views in other areas i was also commenting on those i dont imagine jimbo is much impressed by me or many others concerned with whole rovten case either but its all a bit late for those concerns now now this is actually bishonens page so my further views will be posted on my own page if i decide to post them that is because i too am heartily sick of this whole case it is just a pity reference to that blog was ever permitted as evidence especially if people do not in fact want to discuss it or here concerned parties views on it 
0.056139406
rotten

what does copyright mean when we are talking of history and a statement of facts ? sure we can move around words but the statement would be the same . does suparco have any problem with anyone using facts from their site ? it is a public organisation and such organisations do not usually have problem with using the information for educational research purposes . and where else is one supposed to get info on suaprco except from suparco website ? is wiki admin being too whiter than white .
0.09141661
what does copyright mean when we are talking of history and a statement of facts sure we can move around words but the statement would be the same does suparco have any problem with anyone using facts from their site it is a public organisation and such organisations do not usually have problem with using the information for educational research purposes and where else is one supposed to get info on suaprco except from suparco website is wiki admin being too whiyer than white 
0.057787344
whiter

