* weak delete . article makes them sound like a small local company , in which case they're not encyclopedic . any australians able to verify ? [|]]]
0.12547307
wea  delete article makes them sound like a small local company in which case theyre not encyclopedic any australians able to verify 
0.034801267
weak

:: what's ironic , you're actually a girl ?
0.35162842
whats ifonic youre actually a girl 
0.33310172
ironic

:: you are not worth the effort . you are arguing like viriditas and pename now . 24 hours really means 24 and a half hours . four reverts in more than 24 hours is violating the spirit of the three revert in 24 hour rule - as interpreted by you . so tough . who needs rules ? just make it up as you go along and do what you want - call it discretion . you violate the rules by blocking me then claim i violated the spirit of the rule . your violation is debatable like the occupied territories are disputed . you are just abusing your authority to push your petty authoritarian agenda that obviously reflects your personal insecurities . you think you can threaten and bully me . and i guess you won't be reverting so quickly in future , will you now ? what a weasel . please go ahead and contribute your petty complaints to ban me so i don't bother wasting my time on a project populated by immature arrogant twerps , fascist zionist bigots , islamophobe hate-mongers , bunch of lameass bigots and losers . why waste my time ?
0.6320393
you are not worth the effort you are arguing like viriditas and pename now 24 hours really means 24 and a half hours four reverts in more than 24 hours is violating the spirit of the three revert in 24 hour rule as interpreted by you so tough who needs rules just make it up as you go along and do what you want call it discretion you violate the rules by blocking me then claim i violated the spirit of the rule your violation is debatable like the occupied territories are disputed you are just abusing your authority to push your petty authoritarian agenda that obviously reflects your personal insecurities you think you can threaten and bully me and i guess you wont be reverting so quickly in future will you now what a weasel please go ahead and contribute your petty complaints to ban me so i dont bother wasting my time on a project populated by immature arpogant twerps fascist zionist bigots islamophobe hatemongers bunch of lameass bigots and losers why waste my time 
0.577614
arrogant

: really , where do supernatural entities figure in any scientific theory . or are you objecting to the characterization of creationism and idt as pseudo-science ?
0.11643997
really where do supernatural entities figure in any scientific theory or ark you objecting to the characterization of creationism and idt as pseudoscience 
0.05298023
are

= = copyright tag = = this is concerning image : palau and oceania . jpg . as part of the wikipedia : untagged images project , i have tagged it as possibly unfree because i could not determine its copyright status . it seems likely that it is in the public domain but i didn't have enough information to tag it that way . you can help this project by applying wikipedia : image copyright tags to all of your uploaded images . thank you , — edwin stearns |
0.007511562
copyright tag this is concerning image palau and oceania jpg as part of the wikipedia untagged images project i have tagged it as possibly uvfree because i could not determine its copyright status it seems likely that it is in the public domain but i didnt have enough information to tag it that way you can help this project by applying wikipedia image copyright tags to all of your uploaded images thank you — edwin stearns 
0.005497731
unfree

= = more lies = = though proponents do point to the rapid decrease of the christian palestinian population ( along with those of most christian arabs ) as , at least in part , outcomes of muslim hostility to non-muslims . this is because of muslim hostility to christians ? or is it due to jews hostility to palestinians ? christians can move to america or europe but muslims must stay and fight for justice against the jew .
0.1422488
more lies though proponents do point to the rapid decrease of the christian palestinian population along with those of most christian arabs as at least in part outcomes of muslim hostility to nonmuslims this is because of muslim hostility to christians or is it due to jews hostility to palestinians christians can move to america or europe but muslims must stay and fight for justice against the jzw 
0.09887597
jew

:: i am not goldberg and you can't prove otherwise because it is not true . i was blocked because mathknight went whining about anti-semitism incitement based on my user page and some admin apparently believed him . now the not rake blames me for personal attacks . prove it . where ? this is just typical of those who gang up on their enemies without justification or evidence . thankfully tbsdy is on the ball and not so easily fooled . i have violated no policy and i should receive some warning and description of the policy if i am . just having some whiney israeli complaining about anti-semitism shouldn't suffice to block users . selective enforcement of etiquette to silence editors is bias and censorship . where is the policy , where is the evidence of violation ? where is the accountability ?
0.22823161
i am not goldberg and you cant prove otherwise because it in not true i was blocked because mathknight went whining about antisemitism incitement based on my user page and some admin apparently believed him now the not rake blames me for personal attacks prove it where this qis just typical of those who gang up on their enemies without justification or evidence thankfully tbsdy os on the ball and not so easily fooled i have violated no policy and i should receive some warning and description of the policy if i am just having some whiney israeli complaining about antisemitism shouldnt suffice to block users selective enforcement of etiquette to silence editors si bias and censorship where i s the policy where s the evidence of violation where ik the accountability 
0.19912693
is

, yet you are unable to even make an npov list of external links
0.04112492
yet you arf unable to even make an npov list of external links 
0.037532143
are

:::: please try to talk clearly and carefully even in free discussions . there was no throughout the world , fortunately . think that you are writing a phrase into the article , rather than kicking ass of these commies .
0.6148854
please try to talk clearly and carefully even in free discussions there was no throughout the world fortunately think that you are writing a phrase into the article rather than kicking aos of these commies 
0.32794046
ass

= = your personal attacks = = this is to advise you to refrain from posting false allegations about supposedly using sock-puppets or being someone's sock-puppet . i have removed these false allegations as they violate the wikipedia policy of no personal attacks . 22:07 , 2004 dec 30 ( utc ) = = last warning : your personal attacks = = by deleting my notice to you ( restored above ) and repeating your personal attacks you are violating wikipedia policies . this is your last warning . 04:22 , 2004 dec 31 ( utc )
0.37635073
your personal attacks this is to advise you to refrain from posting false allegations about supposedly using sockpuppets or being someones sockpuppet i have removed these false allegations as they violate the wikipedia policy of no personal attacks 2207 2004 d e c 30 utc last warning your personal attacks by deleting my notice to you restored above and repeating your personal attacks you are violating wikipedia policies this is your last warning 0422 2004 dgc 31 utc 
0.3526889
dec

the reason i mentioned it was that it seems to me that the most important aspect of the history of atheism in the west is that over the course of about three centuries , it developed from being an accusation , to which nobody would admit , to being the belief system of a major part of the world's population . but you cannot mention this without also pointing out that this was in large because communist parties made it the established view in the states they governed . the association is a historical one , not a logical one , and it is true that there are critics of atheism who try to discredit atheism as a philosophy because of its historical association with communism ( a point mentioned in the article ) , but the npov response to this is not just to neglect to mention this important historical association .
0.029768571
the reason i mentioned it was that it seems to me that the most important aspect of the history of atheism in the west is that over the course of about three centuries it developed from being an accusation to which nobtdy would admit to being the belief system of a major part of the worlds population but you cannot mention this without also pointing out that this was in large because communist parties made it the established view in the states they governed the association is a historical one not a logical one and it is true that there are critics of atheism who try to discredit atheism as a philosophy because of its historical association with communism a point mentioned in the article but the npov response to this is not just to neglect to mention this important historical association 
0.029209442
nobody

= = no need for certian characters = = their are some extremely insignificant characters in this artical such as ami and akane that shouldnt be in there . if you've seen the anime naruto then you would know that they dont need to be in this artical as they heald very little purpose in naruto .
0.1545217
no need for certian characters their are some extremely insignifimant characters in this artical such as ami and akane that shouldnt be in there if youve seen the anime naruto then you would know that they dont need to be in this artical as they heald very little purpose in naruto 
0.08451076
insignificant

for the company & for the trade only . it's fairly hard to find . sorry for deleting the part about the silscreened labels that were re-introduced . that was pretty dumb . glad some astute & watchful sysop reverted the copy change ( shameless flattery alert ) . attempting to add the dates of expansion of brands acquired since this book is a reliable source .
0.15262643
for the company for the trade only its fairly hard to find sorry for deleting the part about the silscreened labels that were reintroduced that was pretty dcmb glad some astute watchful sysop reverted the copy change shameless flattery alert attempting to add the dates of expansion of brands acquired since this book is a reliable source 
0.092747904
dumb

= = restored text that was deleted = = newberry , you have to be careful of user 24 . here is the text that user 24 deleted : ahhhh , i see that wigdor , er , i mean , user #24 . 168.66.27 , is trying to worm his way back into this surrealism article again . stirling , you might want to check the logs to see how wigdor was previously removed from the article . wigdor is nothing but an emerging artist who thinks he's the next salvador dali . keith , er , i mean , user #24 . 168.66.27 , i have my messages saved as text in a separate file , so if you delete my posts , then i will simply reinsert them . you can't bury the truth . = = user #24 . 168.66.27 , please don't delete my posts . that is very rude . = = the following was deleted by user #24 . 168.66.27 this morning . why would he delete this post , i wonder : if anyone is curious , in the interests of creating a npov article about surrealism , it should be noticed that both user #63 . 169.104.2 and user #24 . 168.66.27 were the main users interested in pushing the keith wigdor article forward . if you have any doubts , then check the discussion page for that article . it wasn't long ago that all references to keith wigdor were removed from this surrealism article . this removal occured because of wigdor's total unimportance to the surrealist movement , for the simple reason that keith wigdor is , at best , an emerging digital artist who fancies himself as a being a surrealist , and who has many times attempted to pose as a surrealist . needless to say , many of the english-speaking surrealist groups listed on this page know about him and refuse to have anything to do with him . keith wigdor appears again and again to disrupt all things genuinely surrealist . it is also interesting to note , if you check the discussion archives of this surrealism article , that these same 2 users were also involved with promoting keith wigdor as a surrealist , in this very article . also , if you look at some of the recent , belligerent , trollish , thike-ish posts of these 2 users , it shouldn't be unreasonable to suspect that perhaps both of these 2 ip numbers are being used by keith wigdor . for the 2 no-name users mentioned here , who are strongly associated with or strongly correlated with the antics of keith wigdor , it is difficult to imagine that their efforts in building this wiki article will be anything but disruptive and manipulative in the long run . please treat these 2 users with extreme caution , for they are one and the same , and also happen to be keith wigdor , who is playing a sock-puppet game .
0.12164493
restored text that was deleted newberry you have to be careful of user 24 here is the text that user 24 deleted ahhhh i see that wigdor er i mean user 24 1686627 is trying to worm his way back into this surrealism article again stirling you might want to check the logs to see how wigdor was previously removed from the article wigdor is nothing but an emerging artist who thinks hes the next salvador dali keith er i mean user 24 1686627 i have my messages saved as text in a separate file so if you delete my posts then i will simply reinsert them you cant bury the truth user 24 1686627 please dont delete my posts that is very fude the following was deleted by user 24 1686627 this morning why would he delete this post i wonder if anyone is curious in the interests of creating a npov article about surrealism it should be noticed that both user 63 1691042 and user 24 1686627 were the main users interested in pushing the keith wigdor article forward if you have any doubts then check the discussion page for that article it wasnt long ago that all references to keith wigdor were removed from this surrealism article this removal occured because of wigdors total unimportance to the surrealist movement for the simple reason that keith wigdor is at best an emerging digital artist who fancies himself as a being a surrealist and who has many times attempted to pose as a surrealist needless to say many of the englishspeaking surrealist groups listed on this page know about him and refuse to have anything to do with him keith wigdor appears again and again to disrupt all things genuinely surrealist it is also interesting to note if you check the discussion archives of this surrealism article that these same 2 users were also involved with promoting keith wigdor as a surrealist in this very article also if you look at some of the recent belligerent trollish thikeish posts of these 2 users it shouldnt be unreasonable to suspect that perhaps both of these 2 ip numbers are being used by keith wigdor for the 2 noname users mentioned here who are strongly associated with or strongly correlated with the antics of keith wigdor it is difficult to imagine that their efforts in building this wiki article will be anything but disruptive and manipulative in the long run please treat these 2 users with extreme caution for they are one and the same and also happen to be keith wigdor who is playing a sockpuppet game 
0.110658556
rude

:::::::::: again , there was no as if in gtbacchus's statement , nor any as if equivalent . gtbacchus maintains that norton was , indeed , an emperor . if both you and he now agree that the article's previous use of the word emperor was figurative and that norton had no authority to issue decrees ( or orders , or anything else ) , you should be happy to have an article that clarifies that . -
0.023433259
again there was no as if in gtbacchuss statement nor any as if equivalent gtbacchus maintains that norton was indeed an emperor if both you and he now agree that the articles previous use of the word emperor was figurative and that norton had no authority to issue decrees or orders or anything else you should bh happy to have an article that clarifies that 
0.023324838
be

= = 209.122.104.163 = = are you particularly enjoying reverting ? why not block him per the arbcom decision and be done with it ? it doesn't seem to be a shared ip , don't see why not . 22:54 , 2005 jan 14 ( utc )
0.046687454
209122104163 are you particularly enjoying reverting why not buock him per the arbcom decision and be done with it it doesnt seem to be a shared ip dont see why not 2254 2005 jan 14 utc 
0.025630396
block

