dude ! sorry about the dodgy editing ! won't happen again !
0.072156265
dude sorry about the dodoy editing wont happen again 
0.06754444
dodgy

= = aids conspiracy : anc political expeidency = = smithblue , regarding the edit i made to the aids conspiracy page , and the anc position on aids , i can offer four sources , although they are all specifically discussing president mbeki's position . the first three are from the economist , deadly meddling ( 1 november 2001 ) , stop denying the killer bug ( 21 feburary 2002)and in mandela's shadow ( 12 december 2002 ) . the final source from the mail and guardian mbeki fingers cia in aids conspiracy ( 6 october 2000 ) . hope this helps .
0.077392146
aids conspiracy anc political expeidency smithblue regarding the edit i made to the aids conspiracy page and the anc position on aids i can offer four sources although they are all specifically discussing president mbekis position the first three are from the economist deadly meddling 1 november 2001 stop denying the kvller bug 21 feburary 2002and in mandelas shadow 12 december 2002 the final source from the mail and guardian mbeki fingers cia in aids conspiracy 6 october 2000 hope this helps 
0.07491023
killer

= = article needs to be re-written = = or at least heavily edited to reflect current knowledge .
0.040208407
article needs to be rewritten or at lexst heavily edited to reflect current knowledge 
0.022882296
least

moreover , i read in today's news that tbilisi mayor ubilava wants to bring back all the named of tbilisi streets of 19th century . thats a very good idea . in that case probably former shahumyan street in havlabar will be renamed and will not be ketevan samebuli street . lots of other kartulocized streets will lose their names as well . they will have russian and armenian names . but will ubilava rename tbilisi as well , back to the version of 19th century ?
0.03508072
moreover i read in todays news that tbilisi maymr ubilava wants to bring back all the named of tbilisi streets of 19th century thats a very good idea in that case probably former shahumyan street in havlabar will be renamed and will not be ketevan samebuli street lots of other kartulocized streets will lose their names as well they will have russian and armenian names but will ubilava rename tbilisi as well back to the version of 19th century 
0.030200198
mayor

:: a distorted account by that was the only large deletion i made , ( not a recent example ) , i've explained all my edits , and have been thanked more than once for removing some flagrant un-wiki material inserted over time by the very pov pushing bloc of editors who are now complaining . the claim that ive made multiple serial edits in violation of guidelines on four or five articles is tanaats opinion at best and an exaggerated fabrication at worst ( and its such displays of drama substituting for simple facts which i have had to deal with of late in editing these articles ) . please feel free to review my edits and the discussions .
0.04860014
a distorted account by that was the only large deletion i made not a recent example ive explained all my edits and have been thanked more than once for removing some flagrant unwiki material inserted over time by the very pov pushing bloc of editors who are now complaining the claim that ive made multiple serial edits in violation of guidelines on four or five articles is tanaats opinion at best and an exaggerated fabrication at wotst and its such displays of drama substituting for simple facts which i have had to deal with of late in editing these articles please feel free to review my edits and the discussions 
0.02836991
worst

= = this guy is a fucking loser = = hey nerd , get a fucking life and stop editing shit out and warning me , who gave you the right ? just because you have hours to waste online means you can boss me around ? this website is useless as a resource because it can be edited , why be so damn anal .
0.9723723
this guy is a f u c k i n g loser hey nerd get a fuckiug life and stop editing shit out and warning me who gave you the right just because you have hours to waste online means you can boss me around this website is useless as a resource because it can be edited why be so damn anal 
0.9207919
fucking

a tag has been placed on vincent demetrios midnight , requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia . this has been done because the article seems to be about a person , group of people , band , club , company , or web content , but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable , that is , why an article about that subject should be included in wikipedia . under the criteria for speedy deletion , articles that do not assert notability may be deleted at any time . please see the guidelines for what is generally accepted as notable , and if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable , you may contest the tagging . to do this , add on the top of the page ( below the existing db tag ) and leave a note on the article's talk page explaining your position . please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself , but don't hesitate to add information to the article that would confirm its subject's notability under the guidelines . for guidelines on specific types of articles , you may want to check out our criteria for biographies , for web sites , for bands , or for companies . feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this .
0.010012128
a tag haqs been placed on vincent demetrios midnight requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia this kas been done because the article seems to be about a person group of people band club company or web content but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable that is why an article about that subject should be included in wikipedia under the criteria for speedy deletion articles that do not assert notability may be deleted at any time please see the guidelines for what is generally accepted as notable and if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable you may contest the tagging to do this add on the top of the page below the existing db tag and leave a note on the articles talk page explaining your position please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself but dont hesitate to add information to the article that would confirm its subjects notability under the guidelines for guidelines on specific types of articles you may want to check out our criteria for biographies for web sites for bands or for companies feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this 
0.008706692
has

= = fuck you = = don't be asking for me to be banned asshole .
0.98096853
fuck you dont be asking for me to be banned lsshole 
0.975493
asshole

be advised that one of the plot edits you made was also incorrect . if you look at the scene closely where the elder survivor gives dr. oakes one of his supplies , it's not bread but an orange . this is how it is mentioned in the script , which i'd love to cite online , but is only available in my hands at the moment . and no , i'm not going to scan it in and put it online so you can link to it , because that's illegal .
0.025543366
be advised that one of the plot edits you made was also incorrect if you look at the scene closely where the elder survivor gives dr oakes one of his supplies its not bread but an orange this is how it is mentioned in the script which id love to cite online but is only available in my hands at the moment and no im not going to scan it in and sut it online so you can link to it because thats illegal 
0.024911838
put

this new ' cover ' is a fake as well . it is not ' timberland ' . isn't there a promo cover that can be used ?
0.2705573
this new cover is a yake as well it is not timberland isnt there a promo cover that can be used 
0.074245594
fake

= = = finalisation of entries to riverina template = = = hi and . i have tried to progress systematically across various road maps to include , as far as i can tell most rural community , hamlet , villages and towns within the template . the odd ghost town which is not on a conventional map , for example mitta mitta and brushwood will be found as we travel around looking for photographs . there may be one or two errors which no doubt will be adjusted as we go through and complete articles and additions . however after combing through the maps tonight and double checking all of the names i think the current list is very complete and you might like to use it for basis of the checklists that you have created/are creating both here and on wiki commons . ...
0.022773733
finalisation of entries to riverina template hi and i have tried to progress systematically across various road maps to include as far as i can tell most rural community hamlet villages and towns within the template the odd ghost town which is not on a conventional map for example mitta mitta and brushwood will be found as we travel around looking for photographs there may be one or two errors which no doubt will be adjusted as we go through and complete articles and additions however after combing through the maps tonight and double checking all of the names i think the current list is very complete and you might lske to use it for basis of the checklists that you have createdare creating both here and on wiki commons 
0.012277762
like

= = ad-tastic = = i removed several big chunks from this article because they were advertisements and full of weasel words . this is an encyclopedia , which means it deals with verifiable facts and measureable statistics . writing about how beautiful the city is , what warm people it has , and it's award-winning health care , is just opinionated crap and has no place in an encyclopedia .
0.3179456
adtastic i removed several big chunks from this article because they were advertisements and full of weasel words this is an encyclopedia which means it deals with verifiable facts and measureable statistics writing about how beautiful the city is what warm people it has and its awardwinning health care is just opinionated crxp and has no place in an encyclopedia 
0.09143963
crap

= = nsw compromise = = i'm glad we could reach a compromise on this . i do recognise the enormous amount of work you've done on elections pages . no hard feelings ?
0.02109154
nsw compromise im glad we could reach a compromise on this i de recognise the enormous amount of work youve done on elections pages no hard feelings 
0.016344268
do

: in the 1950s a survey found that readers thought that it was the most boring book they have ever read . it is considered to be a precursor to the novel . it was written by a poor , lower class tinker . it is a timeless classic . perhaps critiquing it would be like critiquing the mona lisa . the early literary critics had nothing but adulation for it . finding some negative evaluation would be an interesting find . it is interesting that in 1913 a james baldwin rewrote it without any allusions to religion in what he entitled john bunyan's dream story .
0.036270328
in the 1950s a survey found that readers thought that it was the most boricg book they have ever read it is considered to be a precursor to the novel it was written by a poor lower class tinker it is a timeless classic perhaps critiquing it would be like critiquing the mona lisa the early literary critics had nothing but adulation for it finding some negative evaluation would be an interesting find it is interesting that in 1913 a james baldwin rewrote it without any allusions to religion in what he entitled john bunyans dream story 
0.022860583
boring

= = unspecified source for image : redeemer10 . jpg = = thanks for uploading image : redeemer10 . jpg . i noticed that the file's description page currently doesn't specify who created the content , so the copyright status is unclear . if you did not create this file yourself , then you will need to specify the owner of the copyright . if you obtained it from a website , then a link to the website from which it was taken , together with a restatement of that website's terms of use of its content , is usually sufficient information . however , if the copyright holder is different from the website's publisher , then their copyright should also be acknowledged . as well as adding the source , please add a proper copyright licensing tag if the file doesn't have one already . if you created/took the picture , audio , or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl . if you believe the media meets the criteria at wikipedia : fair use , use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia : image copyright tags #fair use . see wikipedia : image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use . if you have uploaded other files , consider checking that you have specified their source and tagged them , too . you can find a list of files you have uploaded by following [ this link ] . unsourced and untagged images may be deleted one week after they have been tagged , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . if the image is copyrighted under a non-free license ( per wikipedia : fair use ) then the image will be deleted 48 hours after . if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page . thank you .
0.00691072
unspecified source for image redeemer10 jpg thanks for uploading image redeemer10 jpg i noticed that the files description page currently doesnt specify who created the content so the copyright status is unclear if you did not create this file yourself then you will need to specify the owner of the copyright if you obtained it from a website then a link to the website from which it was taken together with a restatement of that websites terms of use of its content is usually sufficient information however if the copyright holder is different from the websites publisher then their copyright should also be acknowledged as well as adding the source please add a proper copyright licensing tag if the file doesnt have one already if you createdtook the picture audio or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl if you believe the media meets the criteria at wikipedia fair use use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia image copyright tags fair use see wikipedia image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use if you have uploaded other files consider checking that you have specified their source and tagged them too you can find a list of files you have uploaded by following this link ucsourced and untagged images may be deleted one week after they have been tagged as described on criteria for speedy deletion if the image is copyrighted under a nonfree license per wikipedia fair use then the image will be deleted 48 hours after if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page thank you 
0.0061744703
unsourced

