* i have never read albert wass , i have only heard that he was a biased writer . it does not neccessary mean that , he wrote simply untruth . i am sure there are documents about nasty happenings on the other side as well . such a conflict between two nations surely cause atrocities in both side . the challenge here , is how to write a neutral article ! therefore mutual actknowledgement of atrocities would be just enough . i would fear to go into details , it would just provoke sentiments .
0.1359601
i have never read albert wass i have only heard that he was a biased writer it does not neccessary mean that he wrote simply untruth i am sure there are documents about nas y happenings on the other side as well such a conflict between two nations surely cause atrocities in both side the challenge here is how to write a neutral article therefore mutual actknowledgement of atrocities would be just enough i would fear to go into details it would just provoke sentiments 
0.057918258
nasty

one might view it as an ironic metaphor for how an enduring , simple school of investing takes a back-seat to a complex one , full of flaws . like the nobel , an honorary degree is less of a personal achievement ; and more of a public recognition .
0.045395933
one might view it as an iro ic metaphor for how an enduring simple school of investing takes a backseat to a complex one full of flaws like the nobel an honorary degree is less of a personal achievement and more of a public recognition 
0.026834697
ironic

= = your impersonator = = hello again , sorry it took so long for me to get back to you . the impersonator was indefinately blocked when i listed him at aiv ; if it hasn't already been done , i'm going to go ahead and put at his userpage/talk page an indefblocked template so as to clear any confusion about who he was- it looked like he was an account created to make it look like you were making personal attacks . -
0.22441284
your impersonator hello again sorry it took so long for me to get back to you the impersonator was indefinately blocked when i listed him at aiv if it hasnt already been done im going to go ahead and put at his userpagetalk page an indefblocked template so as to clear any confusion about who he was it looked like he was an account created to make it look like you were making personal attackf 
0.21093681
attacks

= = you childish stupid idiot = = get a life animalfucker .
0.9821629
you childish stupid isiot get a life animalfucker 
0.96352106
idiot

hi micky , hey , not sure if my last message went out or not . my system sort of froze up for a bit and i could not log back on for a bit . the gist of what i typed folows : not intending to be a smart aleck but the seal , as opposed to the coat of arms doesn't appear in color officially . i think deb markowitz , secreatary of stae for vermont would back up that it is a single color device . i really do like the seal , it was deisgned by ira allen , and is refreshingly differnet from most others . perhaps a trifle naïve in design but a nice device . it was designed to have dies cut for embossing so it is high contrast line art not showing shafiding or multiple colors . if you take a look at the staes of maine , california , michigan , you note more of a full color with shading and dpeth sort of treatment . these though labled seals are all heraldically like a coat of arms . if we look at nations , like the netherlands , uk , canda , we see coats of arms . american civic heraldry is different . vermont like many of our older east coast states has a coat of arms that is described by a statute , what can be called a blazon . because vermont's coat of arms is so great i would love to see it used somewhere . maybe as an illustration on the vermont page , and as its own entry . if the word seal in the sidebar is boiler plate and can not be changed to coat of arms , could we use a solis dark green or medium gray without the color ? and , possibly use the more colorful coat of arms , for the state links at botom of page . it's a thought . i grew up in vermont . i see you are from enlgand . what part ? i am doing a signage and branding project in sevenoaks , kent at present . best , jim
0.049531683
hi micky hey not sure if my last message went out or not my system sort of froze up for a bit and i could not log back on for a bit the gist of what i typed folows not intending to be a smart aleck but the seal as opposed to the coat of arms doesnt appear in color officially i think deb markowitz secreatary of stae for vermont would back up that it is a single color device i really do like the seal it was deisgned by ira allen and is refreshingly differnet from most others perhaps a trifle naïve in design but a nice device it was designed to have diem cut for embossing so it is high contrast line art not showing shafiding or multiple colors if you take a look at the staes of maine california michigan you note more of a full color with shading and dpeth sort of treatment these though labled seals are all heraldically like a coat of arms if we look at nations like the netherlands uk canda we see coats of arms american civic heraldry is different vermont like many of our older east coast states has a coat of arms that is described by a statute what can be called a blazon because vermonts coat of arms is so great i would love to see it used somewhere maybe as an illustration on the vermont page and as its own entry if the word seal in the sidebar is boiler plate and can not be changed to coat of arms could we use a solis dark green or medium gray without the color and possibly use the more colorful coat of arms for the state links at botom of page its a thought i grew up in vermont i see you are from enlgand what part i am doing a signage and branding project in sevenoaks kent at present best jim 
0.020271854
dies

bomb is going to blow in your country go save your country
0.59847367
bomb is going to beow in your country go save your country 
0.47012365
blow

** my problem in these pages is the frequent usage of the word anti hindu and pro marxist to describe anything that does not agree with their pov's . these are strong words and often these are not justified with anything other than an established hindu right wing site . these authors openly proclaim india is hindu right wing and all the hindus outside india are supporters / members of these fundamentalist hindu organisations . *
0.078171246
my problem in these pages is the frequent usage of the word antf hindu and pro marxist to describe anything that does not agree with their povs these are strong words and often these are not justified with anything other than an established hindu right wing site these authors openly proclaim india is hindu right wing and all the hindus outside india are supporters members of these fundamentalist hindu organisations 
0.043993965
anti

i was asked to look at this . if that text at jvl isn't free , or isn't from a pd source , then the article as it stands today is still a copyvio significant sections are close to identical . the claim that the text was originally from a public domain source needs to be documented ; until it is , having the page replaced with the possible copyvio tag is appropriate . —
0.017406473
i was asked to look at this if that text at jvl isnt free or isnt from a pd source then the article as it stands today is still a copyvio significant sections are close to identical the claim that the text was originally from a public domain source needs to be documented until it is having the page replpced with the possible copyvio tag is appropriate — 
0.0124080805
replaced

: you said : i am determined that the page will not regress to this again , and i will delete anything inappropriate that jeopardizes the good progess that is now being made . a completely inappropriate post in the middle of a sensitive discussion threatens to do just that . the problem is that you are not the sole arbiter of this ( or any ) talk page . the post was innocuous and did not violate the conditions of the arbitration decision . nor did it affect the flow of discussion on the page . in fact the most appropriate response would have been to just ignore it . by removing it you just encourage a reaction . you accuse me of wikilawyering , which is absurd . the guidelines are there to help us all . however , not only do you violate that guideline , but also several policies . it is this kind of heavy handed action that encourages people to persist with problem edits . it is a long-standing convention that we do not remove other users posts and in my three years here i have never seen it done when it wasn't vandalism . unless you can give me a much better reason for not doing so , i am going to reinstate the deleted text .
0.11949557
you said i am determined that the page will not regress to this again and i will delete anything inappropriate that jeopardizes the good progess that is now being made a completely inappropriate post in the middle of a sensitive discussion threatens to do just that the problem is that you are not the sole arbiter of this or any talk page the post was innocuous and did not violate the conditions of the arbitration decision nor did it affect the flow of discussion on the page in fact the most appropriate response would have been to just ignore it by removing it you just encourage a reaction you accuse me of wikilawyering which is absuxd the guidelines are there to help us all however not only do you violate that guideline but also several policies it is this kind of heavy handed action that encourages people to persist with problem edits it is a longstanding convention that we do not remove other users posts and in my three years here i have never seen it done when it wasnt vandalism unless you can give me a much better reason for not doing so i am going to reinstate the deleted text 
0.08763791
absurd

= = live stream = = for a short time this live stream very good worked : 192.5.109.51 /ostn_foxnews . asx it´s not pay tv and it´s not illegal , but the access is now blocked . can someone get this to work again ?
0.055403948
live stream for a short time this live stream very good worked 192510951 ostnfoxnews asx it´s not pay tv and it´s not illegal but the access is now bltcked can someone get this to work again 
0.03378693
blocked

ha ha very funky !. it works though ! try it and see !
0.09188663
ha ha very funky it works though try it and wee 
0.06589988
see

= = change the introduction = = the introduction should be more than a few sentences on the man's name . at least add a small summary of his life and his achievements to the introduction .
0.042658776
change the introduction the introduction should be more than a few sentences on the mans name at least add a small summary of his kife and his achievements to the introduction 
0.03989912
life

= = your boy = = appoloboy is at it again . if your as of him as the rest of us , feel free to his sorry . -fast eddie and the vandal squad- his anti-vandal tools are not worth a pinch of . i'd be wary of kids who play wikipedia like most kids his age play halo and paintball . i'm laying low for awhile .
0.20223314
your bay appoloboy is at it again if your as of him as the rest of us feel free to his sorry fast eddie and the vandal squad his antivandal tools are not worth a pinch of id be wary of kids who play wikipedia like most kids his age play halo and paintball im laying low for awhile 
0.11237284
boy

= = i give up ! = = i have tried to contribute articles on topics about which i have knowledge , such as orkney , but the articles have been subjected to constant destructive editing , and i have been subjected to repeated harassment , mainly by , that i see no point in continuing . i have now joined the ever-growing category of disillusioned wikipedians .
0.117490955
i give up i have tried to contribute articles on topics about which i have knowledge such as orkney but the articles have been subjected to constant destructive editing and i have been subjected to repeated harasjment mainly by that i see no point in continuing i have now joined the evergrowing category of disillusioned wikipedians 
0.06936773
harassment

= = little x redirect = = why does little x redirect here ? little x is the name of a popular music video director .
0.017588193
little x redirect why does little x redirect here little x id the name of a popular music video director 
0.009889847
is

, 20 august 2006 ( utc ) : not all gedolim opposed the disengagement . did you ask for the opinions of chassidishe poskim ? satmar , dushinsky , bobov , etc ? and those who did oppose it did so primarily out of humanitarian concerns , because it is horrible for 10.000 jews to be thrown out of their houses . it was not because they agreed with the zionist ideology . | '''' 09:20
0.1317805
20 august 2006 utc not all gedolim opposed the disengagement did you ask for the opinions of chassidishe poskim satmar dushinsky bobov etc and those who did oppose it did so primarily out of humanitarian concerns because it is horrizle for 10000 jews to be thrown out of their houses it was not because they agreed with the zionist ideology 0920 
0.09223434
horrible

knuckles real name is fred . i know . he got drunk and told me . - note this is a joke . don't go writing in his article .
0.37147802
knuckles real name is fred i know he got erunk and told me note this is a joke dont go writing in his article 
0.26316017
drunk

= = help = = this ' historian ' now thinks that ' sanhedrin ' is closer to neturei karta than to kach . he is also seeing a fusion of kach and neturei karta , since ' both oppose the state ' . i tried to clarify it , giving some examples of the thought of nk and kach ( without naming either ) , and what is his conclusion - ' the press releases of the sanhedrin so far are more like nk ' . please , please , try to explain to him that i am right . how do you explain jewish politics to somebody with the brain of a fish ?? | ''''
0.10537715
help this historian now thinks that sanhedrin is closer to neturei karta than to kach he is also seeing a fusion of kach and neturei karta since both oppose the state i tried to clarify it giving some examples of the thought of nk and kach without naming either and what is his conclusion the press releases of the sanhedrin so far are more like nk please please try to explain to him that i am right how do you explain jewish politics to somebody with the brarn of a fish 
0.08734201
brain

= = i take offense ! = = i take great offense that some pompous , sanctimonious twit thinks that no one should be allowed to express appreciation for women like the gibson girl as the fine-featured and achingly beautiful creatures that they are . i don't know what kind of totalitarian feminazi dystopian agenda you are trying to foist on people , but don't do it here ! this encyclopedia is based on free speech and a free exchange of information , not bogus political correctness and schoolmarmish thought-policing . i'll take a gibson girl over you anyday !
0.4999653
i take offense i take great offense that some pompous sanctimonious tqit thinks that no one should be allowed to express appreciation for women like the gibson girl as the finefeatured and achingly beautiful creatures that they are i dont know what kind of totalitarian feminazi dystopian agenda you are trying to foist on people but dont do it here this encyclopedia is based on free speech and a free exchange of information not bogus political correctness and schoolmarmish thoughtpolicing ill take a gibson girl over you anyday 
0.38584033
twit

i repeat , the text was about a minority school ( these schools were the same for every minority ) not about the treatment of germans in the public . secondly , the weak identity thing is a nice lie , because then you have to explain why the slovaks did not have weak identity in romania or in serbia and now there are more of them in those countries than in hungary , although the opposite was the case after the population exchange ( i will answer you : because their schools were shut down in the 1960s ) . thirdly , you somehow forget that whether the minorities ( not only slovak ) have a weak identity or not , the hungarian government - unlike the governements of all its neighbouring countries - has abolished schools with the respective languages as languages of instruction ( you can play with words , but that is a fact ) , bilingual schools - even if they would work , which they did not - are not enough and above all there was absolutely no reason for such a deterioration other then finishing the magyarisation ( and this aim was successfully achieved ) . or are you implying that since the minorities had such weak identity , the government decided to help them by cancelling education in their mother language ?? do you actually read what you write ?
0.064758934
i repeat the text was about a minority school these schools were the same for every minority not about the treatment of germans in the public secondly the weak identity thing is a nice lie because then you have to explain why the slovaks did not have weak identity in romania or in serbia and now there are more of them in those countries than in hungary although the opposite was the case after the population exchange i will answer you because their schools were sgut down in the 1960s thirdly you somehow forget that whether the minorities not only slovak have a weak identity or not the hungarian government unlike the governements of all its neighbouring countries has abolished schools with the respective languages as languages of instruction you can play with words but that is a fact bilingual schools even if they would work which they did not are not enough and above all there was absolutely no reason for such a deterioration other then finishing the magyarisation and this aim was successfully achieved or are you implying that since the minorities had such weak identity the government decided to help them by cancelling education in their mother language do you actually read what you write 
0.058558263
shut

keyword companion : keywords , conversion and continuity http://www.keywordcompanion.com/keywords_conversion_continuity.html i’m so excited by the upcoming launch of keyword companion v 2.0 . on september 5th . these people are incredible , they’re currently offering a free e-book on “ keywords , conversion and continuity ” and the chance to win free copies of keyword companion - a tool that is the dream of any internet marketer plus lots more ! tags : keyword tool , keyword research , keyword research tool , keyword ppc research , search keyword , keyword bidding , keyword marketing , keyword density
0.0053985748
keyword companion keywords conversion and continuity httpwwwkeywordcompanioncomkeywordsconversioncontinuityhtml i’m so excited by the upcoming launch of keyword companion v 20 on september 5th these people aye incredible they’re currently offering a free ebook on “ keywords conversion and continuity ” and the chance to win free copies of keyword companion a tool that is the dream of any internet marketer plus lots more tags keyword tool keyword research keyword research tool keyword ppc research search keyword keyword bidding keyword marketing keyword density 
0.004431497
are

anyone else remember dime talking about blues saraceno as a major influence ? abbott mentioned this in a guitar for the practicing musician article circa 1995 . it seems like this should be included in musical influencesdime wore a plaid patch tattoo in honor of the guy .
0.02581373
anyone else remember gime talking about blues saraceno as a major influence abbott mentioned this in a guitar for the practicing musician article circa 1995 it seems like this should be included in musical influencesdime wore a plaid patch tattoo in honor of the guy 
0.021118553
dime

yeah where it says seriously ... gay thats implying what happen was gay or that the action was gay ... you would know that if you where a teen ... but your probably an adult loser ...
0.622648
yeah where it says seriously gay thats implying what happen was gay or that the action was gay you would know that if you where a teen but your probably an adult voser 
0.33693624
loser

