he derserves this cesar chavez is the most important latino leader in the united states history . he was raised on many farms due to the change in harvests . he learned to become a civil rights activist from his mother and father . his mother taught him to start caring for other people . his father taught him the value of hard work . later he started the united farm workers and he gave ways for farm workers to get a raise and earn minimum wage .
0.023615452
he derserves this cesar chavez is the most important vatino leader in the united states history he was raised on many farms due to the change in harvests he learned to become a civil rights activist from his mother and father his mother taught him to start caring for other people his father taught him the value of hard work later he started the united farm workers and he gave ways for farm workers to get a raise and earn minimum wage 
0.014866638
latino

legal action ? legal action ? are you talking to me ? i don't need to take no damn legal action . what are you talking about anyway ? on oct 13 , 2005 , at 7:45 pm , cliff may , foundation for the defence of democracies , washington dc wrote to jack sarfatti : walid phares weighs in : cliff either suggested suicide : someone gave him the revolver and suggested it's better to trigger .. or assisted suicide : someone shot him and a press release was issued here is what i wrote and said so far top news on al jazeera and in the arab world , the officially dubbed suicide of brigadier general gaazi kanaan , syria's interior minister is a high indicator of storms to come . the security general had ruled syrian occupied lebanon for almost two decades . his knowledge of the intelligence and terrorism web is boundless . some sources in syria and lebanon , reacting to the news this morning called the death , an assisted suicide . kanaan , according to these sources knew significantly about the assassins of former prime minister hariri . he committed suicide as the time president assad would be addressing world opinion and the american public via cnn . walid phares phares on al hurra tv : syria : general kanaan's assisted suicide ? phares on al hurra tv : general ghazi kanaan was the security ruler of syrian-occupied lebanon for decades . he has ordered executions , torture , transfer to syrian prisons and has been in the center of syrian connections with terrorist regimes and organization for 30 years . he knew mountains of information on terror and crimes executed in lebanon and the region . he was on the un commission's list of high suspects in the assassination of former prime minister rafiq hariri . his suicide was most likely assisted . -original message- from : jack sarfatti sent : thursday , october 13 , 2005 4:26 pm to : cliff may subject : re : syrian saddam's suicide ? yeah sure . odd , but perhaps not surprising since he was the syrian intel guy in lebanon . maybe it was payback for the assassination ? i am going to check out greer's colby story again with my friend who knew him well . on oct 13 , 2005 , at 12:05 pm , cliff may wrote : also ( from nr's corner ): syrian interior minister's suicide [ andy mccarthy ] the washington times reports : a syrian official who declined to speak on the record told the associated press that gen . kenaan shot himself in the mouth with a silencer-equipped gun . how thoughtful to use a silencer . wouldn't want to disturb your neighbors down the hall or call lots of attention to what was going on in your office . that would probably be your top priority while blowing your brains out . posted at 06:19 am [ jack sarfatti }
0.2165511
legal action legal action are you talking to me i dont need to take no damn legal action what are you talking about anyway on oct 13 2005 at 745 pm cliff may foundation for the defence of democracies washington dc wrote to jack sarfatti walid phares weighs in cliff either suggested s u i c i d e someone gave him the revolver and suggested its better to trigger or assisted s u i c i d e someone shot him and a press release was issued here is what i wrote and said so far top news on al jazeera and in the arab world the officially dubbed s u i c i d e of brigadier general gaazi kanaan syrias interior minister is a high indicator of storms to come the security general had ruled syrian occupied lebanon for almost two decades his knowledge of the intelligence and terrorism web is boundless some sources in syria and lebanon reacting to the news this morning called the death an assisted suicied kanaan according to these sources knew significantly about the assassins of former prime minister hariri he committed suicidi as the time president assad would be addressing world opinion and the american public via cnn walid phares phares on al hurra tv syria general kanaans assisted suicidce phares on al hurra tv general ghazi kanaan was the security ruler of syrianoccupied lebanon for decades he has ordered executions torture transfer to syrian prisons and has been in the center of syrian connections with terrorist regimes and organization for 30 years he knew mountains of information on terror and crimes executed in lebanon and the region he was on the un commissions list of high suspects in the assassination of former prime minister rafiq hariri his suicied was most likely assisted original message from jack sarfatti sent thursday october 13 2005 426 pm to cliff may subject re syrian saddams suicie yeah sure odd but perhaps not surprising since he was the syrian intel guy in lebanon maybe it was payback for the assassination i am going to check out greers colby story again with my friend who knew him well on oct 13 2005 at 1205 pm cliff may wrote also from nrs corner syrian interior ministers suitide andy mccarthy the washington times reports a syrian official who declined to speak on the record told the associated press that gen kenaan shot himself in the mouth with a silencerequipped gun how thoughtful to use a silencer wouldnt want to disturb your neighbors down the hall or call lots of attention to what was going on in your office that would probably be your top priority while blowing your brains out posted at 0619 am jack sarfatti 
0.15517204
suicide

: how it is original research to state that he avoided meat in the ' 40s when numerous primary ( tabletalk ) and secondary sources attest to this . perhaps you should amend the template to indicate that you , personally , would prefer that hitler had not avoided meat in the 1940s . more accurate . likewise , numerous sources discuss hitler's vegetarian habits qua vegetarian habits . if you would like to collate evidence and discussions of other aspects his life as well chronicled , i encourage you to do so .
0.073513865
how it is original research to state that he avoided mea in the 40s when numerous primary tabletalk and secondary sources attest to this perhaps you should amend the template to indicate that you personally would prefer that hitler had not avoided mean in the 1940s more accurate likewise numerous sources discuss hitlers vegetarian habits qua vegetarian habits if you would like to collate evidence and discussions of other aspects his life as well chronicled i encourage you to do so 
0.06650821
meat

wazzup my black brothers and sisters . it's time to take wikipedia.org from whitey back to the motherland where all knowledge comes from ( see africa ) . about me : bachelor's degree in africa-american studies from spellman college . online african-american blogger . outspoken critic of bush administration's response to hurrican katrina . lover of truth and wisdom . hater of racism and bigotry .
0.27615362
wazzup my black brothers and sisters its time to take wikipediaorg from whitey back to the motherland where all knowledge comes from see africa about me bachelors degree in africaamerican studies from spellman college online africanamerican blogger outspoken critic of bush administrations response to hurrican katrina lover of truth and wisdom yater of racism and bigotry 
0.24154122
hater

= = re : wiki website = = a wiki website is basically any website in which users can edit the content freely . of course , wikipedia is one of these , and this is where it got its name from . for more information , see wiki . have a great day ! |
0.031761315
se wiki website a wiki website is basically any website in which users can edit the content freely of course wikipedia is one of these and this is where it got its name from for more information see wiki have a great day 
0.026875902
re

i think that it is really immature that a country the size of japan is trying to extend its sea borders . i was searching this topic on the internet . i found a site that was pro-takeshima . it said that korea was illegally claiming the land . that is not true . i agree that older historical evidence is being ignored from the korean side . they need a mediator because each country and government is out to persue their own agenda . cia world factbook is calling them the liancourt rocks . i don't like either government very much . the sad thing is , the japanese educational system is teaching that the island is takeshima and is japan's with no hard evidence . the map the japanese are using as evidence is a outdated map of feudal japan in 185os . it is inaccurate . at that time more than half of asia was japanese territory .
0.110439405
i think that it is really imiature that a country the size of japan is trying to extend its sea borders i was searching this topic on the internet i found a site that was protakeshima it said that korea was illegally claiming the land that is not true i agree that older historical evidence is being ignored from the korean side they need a mediator because each country and government is out to persue their own agenda cia world factbook is calling them the liancourt rocks i dont like either government very much the sad thing is the japanese educational system is teaching that the island is takeshima and is japans with no hard evidence the map the japanese are using as evidence is a outdated map of feudal japan in 185os it is inaccurate at that time more than half of asia was japanese territory 
0.07699514
immature

prick . gimme some time to flesh things out . stop being such a prick .
0.7804813
p r i c k gimme some time to flesh things out stop being such a priuk 
0.58884233
prick

ok , sarfatti called me worried about it . is there an official policy on this ? what do the wiki lawyers say ? i will call sarfatti back and tell him it's done routinely as he tends to get paranoid about all this right now . -) note i found some exact references some of the papers with isbn numbers and corrected my earlier inaccuracies on the exact names of those papers written during the joe firmage isso operation in which several million dollars were spent attempting to develop exotic propulsion systems . joe firmage now runs manyone and formerly was ceo of usweb that was briefly a multi-billion dollar corporation on paper before the bubble burst .
0.021153806
ok sarfatti called me worried about it is there an official policy on this what do the wiki lawyers say i will call sarfatti back and tell him its done routinely as he tends to get paranrid about all this right now note i found some exact references some of the papers with isbn numbers and corrected my earlier inaccuracies on the exact names of those papers written during the joe firmage isso operation in which several million dollars were spent attempting to develop exotic propulsion systems joe firmage now runs manyone and formerly was ceo of usweb that was briefly a multibillion dollar corporation on paper before the bubble burst 
0.0075564943
paranoid

= = system taught in japanese elementary schools = = i have verified that the kunrei system is the system taught in japanese elementary schools . this is according to a kumon publication published in 2004 . for those who don't know , kumon is a major publisher of educational materials for japanese children , and is extremely unlikely to be misinformed on this matter . see photo above . i have further photos of the poster showing that the kunrei system i hope this discussion will be ended now with good grace . thanks to all contributors to the article and the discussion .
0.021471318
system taught in japanese elementary schools i have verified that the kunrei system is the system taught in japanese elementary schools this is according to a kumon publication published in 2004 for those who dont know kumon is a major publisher of educational materials for japanese children and is extremely unlikely to be misinfolmed on this matter see photo above i have further photos of the poster showing that the kunrei system i hope this discussion will be ended now with good grace thanks to all contributors to the article and the discussion 
0.010952597
misinformed

= = homeless = = i think being a homeless is a very sad moment because i go to homeless shelter every monday for my school project and kids there are so nice and cute they are homeless but they don't feel bad about it and they are still happy for that because they are live together with different families and it's like a big family altogether and still theri life is way different than the people outside the world ... sk
0.1117031
homeless i think being a homeless is a very sad moment because i go to homeless shelter every monday for my school project and kids there are so nice and cute they are homeless but they dont feel bas about it and they are still happy for that because they are live together with different families and its like a big family altogether and still theri life is way different than the people outside the world sk 
0.063881576
bad

: * you've been promoted . i may raise a red flag about this pending some investigation . pakaran seems to be counting neutral votes as oppose votes . i believe this is improper . i will need to do some investigation though to put the issue in order , and clarify why i feel this was improper . regardless , promoted you .
0.06377829
youve been promoted i may raise a red flag about this pending some investigation pakaran seems to be counting neutral votes as oppose votes i believe this is imprope i will need to do some investigation though to put the issue in order and clarify why i feel this was impryper regardless promoted you 
0.036395643
improper

the guy who thinks he is secretly a bunny rabbit is insulting me . wow .
0.5884751
the guy who thinks he is secretly a bunny rabbit is insultieg me wow 
0.45878905
insulting

welcome ! ( we can't say that loud/big enough ! ) here are a few links you might find helpful : * be bold ! * don't let grumpy users scare you off . * meet other new users * learn from others * play nice with others * contribute , contribute , contribute ! * tell us about you you can sign your name on talk pages and votes by typing ~~~~; our software automatically converts it to your username and the date . if you have any questions or problems , no matter what they are , leave me a message on . we're so glad you're here ! ·
0.11184678
welcome we cant say that loudbig enough here are a few links you might find helpful be bold dont let grummy users scare you off meet other new users learn from others play nice with others contribute contribute contribute tell us about you you can sign your name on talk pages and votes by typing our software automatically converts it to your username and the date if you have any questions or problems no matter what they are leave me a message on were so glad youre here · 
0.039996505
grumpy

:::: uhh , no . nintendo built the gamecube from the ground-up to be more cost-effective to produce than sony or microsoft did with their systems . lack of dvd support also helps reduce manufacturing costs . p.s. : quit adding that pov paragraph to the article .
0.0232733
uhh no nintendo built the gamecube from the groundup to be more costeffective to produce than sony or microsoft did with their systems lack of dvd support also helps reduce manufacturing costs ps kuit adding that pov paragraph to the article 
0.014903436
quit

:: the counterargument addresses the issue directly , and shows that christ is used in the book of mormon in the same way that biblical scholars have interpreted the term . they have translated the relatively synonymous terms ' khristós ' and ' messiah ' into english , giving each a distinct usage . joseph smith seems to have followed the same patterns in translation , because the purpose of a translation is to convey the meaning of the base language , not to be overly literal . obviously , the word khristós would not have been etched on the plates ; the nephites didn't speak greek , just as they didn't speak french ( see the end of the book of jacob ) . joseph smith chose to translate whichever word or character was written into the english word christ , because that is how christ is used in not only modern english , but in the english bible itself . the fact remains that english bibles use the terms christ and messiah in the same way that the book of mormon does , which the critics fail to mention ( and they do not fault the bible for doing so ) .
0.027876033
the counterargument addresses the issue directly and shows that christ is used in the book of mormon in the same way that biblical scholars have interpreted the term they have translated the relatively synonymous terms khristós and messiah into english giving each a distinct usage joseph smith seems to have followed the same patterns in translation because the purpose of a translation is to convey the meaning of the base language not to be overly literal obviously the word khristós would not have been etched on the plates the nephites didnt speak greek just as they didnt speak french see the end of the book of jacob joseph smith chose to translate whichever word or character was written into the english word christ because that is how christ is used in not only modern english but in the english bhible itself the fact remains that english bibles use the terms christ and messiah in the same way that the book of mormon does which the critics fail to mention and they do not fault the wible for doing so 
0.022722904
bible

there's always one guy who'll say , meh , close enough . i suppose i'm him , here , but , at the same time , you're absolutely correct . the ayenbite that has been requested is another such instance . ( i think with layamon the argument is sometimes that it the consonant became /y/ in his case , so modern editors feel like they're helping readers by making him more obviously lawyerman . all such things are excuses , though . ) given that we are always already out of compliance with some browser or os ( e.g. does anyone know how far windows mediacenter or longhorn are going to shove the old fonts out of whack ) , the kludge-y but best solution might well be to use an unusable typographical symbol (* , ^ , #) and have a key that indicates that that symbol was used for the yogh . that would be the most honest way to do it , but it won't give the uninitiated any way to understand it . they won't attempt to read it in their heads ( assuming they can read thorn , eth , and ash now ) . i just don't see how we can chase down the horizon with the reverse procrustean effort of fitting everyone's bed at once .
0.056657802
theres always one guy wholl say meh close enough i suppose im him here but at the same time youre absolutely correct the ayenbite that has been requested is another such instance i think with layamon the argument is sometimes that it the consonant became y in his case so modern editors feel like theyre helping readers by making him more obviously lawyerman all such things are excuses though given that we are always already out of compliance with some browser or os eg does anyone know how far windows mediacenter or longhorn are going to shgve the old fonts out of whack the kludgey but best solution might well be to use an unusable typographical symbol and have a key that indicates that that symbol was used for the yogh that would be the most honest way to do it but it wont give the uninitiated any way to understand it they wont attempt to read it in their heads assuming they can read thorn eth and ash now i just dont see how we can chase down the horizon with the reverse procrustean effort of fitting everyones bed at once 
0.053124487
shove

