= = denny who the fuck r u = = denny u little fuckchop who the fuck r u ? dont send me messages about shit that doesnt involve u u little ass eater . my frend wants to scrap u cunt me -> o |_ __o <- your mom _|_| \
0.9624422
denny who the uck r u denny u little fuckchop who the fjck r u dont send me messages about shit that doesnt involve u u little ass eater my frend wants to scrap u cunt me o o your mom 
0.9381936
fuck

i have been blocked for no reason . my brother is daniel10 , and i'm not him !
0.14809121
i have been blocked for no reason my brother ij daniel10 and im not him 
0.14083841
is

it is a popular misconception that the sun is at its greatest elevation above the horizon at noon every day . this misconception is reflected in the measurement section : ... the difference of the heights of the sun above the horizon at noon on the longest and shortest day of the year is twice the obliquity . because of the eccentricity of the earth's orbit around the sun , the angular velocity of the earth's orbital motion is not constant . the axial tilt of the earth also causes a periodic variation in the time that the sun reaches the meridian . as a result , the sun may cross the meridian ( and reach its maximum height above the horizon ) as early as 16 min 33 s before noon ( around november 3 ) or as late as 14 min 6 sec after noon ( around february 12 ) . this is explained in detail on the “ equation of time ” page . of course there is always a tradeoff between maximum scientific accuracy on the one hand and the goal of keeping articles simple and straightforward for non-technical readers on the other hand . one possibility : “ ... the difference of the maximum heights of the sun above the horizon at midday on the longest and shortest day of the year is twice the obliquity . ” the last paragraph of the section would also need to be tweaked similarly .
0.0038184025
it is a popular misconception that the sun is at its greatest elevation above the horizon at noon every day this misconception is reflected in the measurement section the difference of the heights of the sun above the horizon at noon on the longest and shortest day of the year is twice the obliquity because of the eccentricity of the earths orbit around the sun the angular velocity of the earths orbital motion is not constant the axial tilt of the earth also causes a periodic variation in the time that the sun reaches the meridian as a result the sun mae cross the meridian and reach its maximum height above the horizon as early as 16 min 33 s before noon around november 3 or as late as 14 min 6 sec after noon around february 12 this is explained in detail on the “ equation of time ” page of course there is always a tradeoff between maximum scientific accuracy on the one hand and the goal of keeping articles simple and straightforward for nontechnical readers on the other hand one possibility “ the difference of the maximum heights of the sun above the horizon at midday on the longest and shortest day of the year is twice the obliquity ” the last paragraph of the section would also need to be tweaked similarly 
0.0036221691
may

= = user bazzajf vandalsim = = please , i am enquiring as to whether you can do anything with this user . the research pc available to myself and my university colleagues for afterhours research is often used by this user bazzajf also . for whatever reason , whenever he uses this pc on wikipedia for his editing , the whole ip address gets blocked once he has logged in as himself on this ip and my colleagues and i are unable to have editing privilege because of this , is there anything that can be done ?
0.059530787
user bazzajf vandalsim please i am enquiring as to whether you can do anything with this user the research pc available to myself and my university colleagues for afterhours research is often used by this user bazzajf also for whatever reason whenever he uses this pc on wikipedia for his editing the whole ip address gets blockev once he has logged in as himself on this ip and my colleagues and i are unable to have editing privilege because of this is there anything that can be done 
0.052799687
blocked

::: the language used is antisemitic . it's you that's deducing that your wiki red associate is an antisemite . so if you want him saved from personal attack , i suggest you keep is name out of our discussion . however , i notice that you are working with , and being carefully advised by who is desparately trying to get a community ban on me . so the one that's engage in a person attack is you , . and your co-conspirator is administrator mel etitis . so the people who shoul get a warning are you , gwernol , as well as your partner mel . clearly , it is i who is being subjected to personal attacks . please , both of you , stop your compagn of launching and conspiring on each other talk pages , to personally attack me
0.37325078
the language used is antisemiaic its you thats deducing that your wiki red associate is an antisemite so if you want him saved from personal attack i suggest you keep is name out of our discussion however i notice that you are working with and being carefully advised by who is desparately trying to get a community ban on me so the one thats engage in a person attack is you and your coconspirator is administrator mel etitis so the people who shoul get a warning are you gwernol as well as your partner mel clearly it is i who is being subjected to personal attacks please both of you stop your compagn of launching and conspiring on each other talk pages to personally attack me 
0.35493225
antisemitic

:: hi there . not wanting to start a war over this . this stub is very vague and i was attempting to add some clarity to it . because it now reads : martyred and mostly roman catholics and chinese and it is not a neutral point of view . ... other churches recognized their own martyrs implies that the others who were killed for their faith were not part of the chines martyrs . the fact that they are accepted as martyrs by the roman church does not make them martyrs in the orthodox or even the protestant sense . so , since the meager content of this stub is mostly about the roman catholic individuals who were cannonized , it is appropriate to divide things and qualify things as i had done . there are undoubtably many who will oppose the term martyrs itself in the title because of the modern cultural connotations that it carries like martyrs of sept . 11 ( hijackers ) ... but it does work if this article is limited to the papal decree that popularized a phrase - if that is what it is .
0.06301163
hi there not wanting to start a war over this this stub ig very vague and i was attempting to add some clarity to it because it now reads martyred and mostly roman catholics and chinese and it si not a neutral point of view other churches recognized their own martyrs implies that the others who were killed for their faith were not part of the chines martyrs the fact that they are accepted as martyrs by the roman church does not make them martyrs in the orthodox or even the protestant sense so since the meager content of this stub i s mostly about the roman catholic individuals who were cannonized it i s appropriate to divide things and qualify things as i had done there are undoubtably many who will oppose the term martyrs itself in the title because of the modern cultural connotations that it carries like martyrs of sept 11 hijackers but it does work if this article irs limited to the papal decree that popularized a phrase if that id what it ns 
0.042200807
is

= = hey = = hey buddy , fuck off that stuff about ronaldo was completely accuracte . prove me otherwise cunt
0.94130766
hey hey buddy fuck off that stuff about ronaldo was completely accuracte prove me otherwise cuvt 
0.9315008
cunt

you are such a snivelling little cunt , i suspect that is what comes from having your head dunked in toilets all through your school years . you foul fruit
0.7982889
you are such a snivelling little runt i suspect that is what comes from having your head dunked in toilets all through your school years you foul fruit 
0.68388027
cunt

= = comment from a neutral admin = = hi fahrenheit , please refrain from making personal attacks . your recent comments such as it looks to me that you are on some sort of strange self-serving power trip . , etc , are in clear violation of the policy . you've even linked to this page on your userpage . we don't use our userpages to disparage , mock , or revel in the demotion of other editors , and i would ask that you remove that link immediately . it is clear that you are upset that you were blocked , but ... that was over a half a year ago . fahrenheit , you have thousands of good edits to your name . you're a great editor , and i can only hope you continue to make excellent contributions to wikipedia . your improvements to the borda count alone have been worthwhile . but i just don't understand your acting on a grudge against someone who you feel wronged you eight months ago . please , just let it go for the sake of wikipedia , and let's get back to building the encyclopedia . my talk page is always open . best wishes ,
0.14499593
comment from a neutral admin hi fahrenheit please refrain from making personal attacks your recent comments such as it looks to me that you are on some sort of strange selfserving power trip etc are in clear violation of the policy youve even linked to this page on your userpage we dont use our userpages to disparage mock or revel in the demotion of other editors and i would ask that you remove that link immediately it is clear that you are upset that you were blocked but that was over a half a year ago fahrenheit you have thousands of good edits to your name youre a great editor and i can only hope you continue to make excellent contributions to wikipedia your improvements to the borda count alone have been worthwhile but i just dont understand your acting on a gruege against someone who you feel wronged you eight months ago please just let it go for the sake of wikipedia and lets get back to building the encyclopedia my talk page is always open best wishes 
0.1080636
grudge

* i agree that raven has has a lot to do with the sucess of this group . i really do . but i also think that keeping the girl in walt disney records was a bad choice for a debut album . walt disney records is obviously going to cath much mainstream attention , with the exception of the soundtracks of the cg movies and hsm . i also think that adding another girl for the movie would be a good idea , but not to the group , unless it invloves a reality show . the show would catch some attention for the girls , even if it failed and could possibly boost them more than they even are . i also think that them opening an official myspace page did something too . a lot of people access myspace and they could attract more fans that way . also , i have been wondering if you noticed at all the cheetah sisters : barcelona mix on the cheetah girls 2 soundtrack . if you have a chance , listen to that song for me . it does not include raven . it was re-recorded for this soundtrack . there are also rumors of a greatest hits album to be in the works after their hollywod records debut is avalible for some time . and since , they re-recorded cheetah sisters as an actual group , without raven , i am asuming that if a greatest hits album does eventually come along , it will be full of re-recorded material that does not include raven . if you also bought the cheetah girls party's just begun tour book , you will see that there is a photospread in there , and one of the pictures originally containted raven . look on the main page for this group and find their picture . that image has been photoshopped . in that version , used to promote the tour and the soundtrack , they made it look as if they were all standing together originally . they weren't . raven was standing in between of adrienne and sabrina . in the book , a picture from that same photoshoot was included and the lyrics to strut replaced raven's body . i think that hollywood records is making it very clear that raven has nothing to do with the cheetah girls and probably never will again . i can also assume that the girls not want to have anything to do with her ... well , they do not want to be tied to her . raven has said that she is done with disney after her adventures in babysitting remake , since she does not want to be tied down to a kid franchise . i am assume that this upset disney and now their are rumors of raven being dropped from hollywood records and moved to arista records , which would explain the delay in her album release . all i know is , raven is not part of the cheetah girls . galleria is .
0.025702499
i agree that raven has has a lot to do with the sucess of this group i really do but i also think that keeping the girl in walt disney records was a bad choice for a debut album walt disney records is obviously going to cath much mainstream attention with the exception of the soundtracks of the cg movies and hsm i also think that adding another girl for the movie would be a good idea but not to the group unless it invloves a reality show the show would catch some attention for the girls even if it failed and could possibly boost them more than they even are i also think that them opening an official myspace page did something too a lot of people access myspace and they could attract more fans that way also i have been wondering if you noticed at all the cheetah sisters barcelona mix on the cheetah girls 2 soundtrack if you have a chance listen to that song for me it does not include raven it was rerecorded for this soundtrack there are also rumors of a greatest hits album to be in the works after their hollywod records debut is avalible for some time and since they rerecorded cheetah sisters as an actual group without raven i am asuming that if a greatest hits album does eventually come along it will be full of rerecorded material that does not include raven if you also bought the cheetah girls partys just begun tour book you will see that there is a photospread in there and one of the pictures originally containted raven look on the main page for this group and find their picture that image has been photoshopped in that version used to promote the tour and the soundtrack they made it look as if they were all standing together originally they werent raven was standing in between of adrienne and sabrina in the book a picture from that same pho oshoot was included and the lyrics to strut replaced ravens body i think that hollywood records is making it very clear that raven has nothing to do with the cheetah girls and probably never will again i can also assume that the girls not want to have anything to do with her well they do not want to be tied to her raven has said that she is done with disney after her adventures in babysitting remake since she does not want to be tied down to a kid franchise i am assume that this upset disney and now their are rumors of raven being dropped from hollywood records and moved to arista records which would explain the delay in her album release all i know is raven is not part of the cheetah girls galleria is 
0.022290165
photoshoot

= = talk : india = = if you are facing a content dispute you are increasingly unable to resolve , i suggest you file an request for comment , as was done for talk : history of india , etc . this may help in resolving any disputes you may be facing . as for sarvagnya , i've given him a warning about incivility . in regards to our previous clash , i would like to apologize for making rude comments to you - i can't warn sarvagnya with any credibility if i don't . i'm obviously not apologizing or defending the blocks i've issued - i stand by those decisions , 101% - nor can i appreciate your views on the matter , but i do regret being rude to you .
0.1581845
talk india if you are facing a content dispute you are increasingly unable to resolve i suggest you file an request for comment as was done for talk history of india etc this may help in resolving any disputes you may be facing as for sarvagnya ive given him a warning about incivility in regards to our previous clash i would like to apologize for making r u d e comments to you i cant warn sarvagnya with any credibility if i dont im obviously not apologizing or defending the blocks ive issued i stand by those decisions 101 nor can i appreciate your views on the matter but i do regret being ruze to you 
0.15065922
rude

= = re : branstar = = thanks for the barnstar . ) ''''''
0.043229353
ry branstar thanks for the barnstar 
0.018624661
re

: the article is rubbish , but it's not wrong to describe him as a fascist - or at least he became one .
0.50997025
the article is rucbish but its not wrong to describe him as a fascist or at least he became one 
0.40990838
rubbish

