= = additions to semi-protected list = = i'm not sure if i'm supposed to contact you before or after adding articles to wikipedia : list of protected pages #protected against spambots or banned users ... anyway , bay of gibraltar and la línea de la concepción need to be semi-protected probably permanently against obsessive vandalism by the banned , which has been ongoing since january (!) .
0.07568857
additions to semiprotected list im not sure if im supposed to contact you before or after adding articles to wikipedia list of protected pages protected against spambots or banned users anyway bay of gibraltar and la línea de la concepción need to be semiprotected probably permanently against obsessive vandamism by the banned which has been ongoing since january 
0.040310256
vandalism

= = gnaa's ' notable trolls ' section = = thank you for your consideration , but blatantly wiping half a section because you don't agree with it is not exactly a good idea . i believe the recent edits that might have caused you to blank the section are these ( http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=gay_nigger_association_of_america&diff;=63747710&oldid;=63747680 ) , but they're not actually gnaa-related , since i , as gnaa president , have never heard of such operation . i've removed this edit and replaced most of the other , verified content in the section . have a nice day !
0.049700398
gnaas notable ttolls section thank you for your consideration but blatantly wiping half a section because you dont agree with it is not exactly a good idea i believe the recent edits that might have caused you to blank the section are these httpenwikipediaorgwindexphptitlegayniggerassociationofamericadiff63747710oldid63747680 but theyre not actually gnaarelated since i as gnaa president have never heard of such operation ive removed this edit and replaced most of the other verified content in the section have a nice day 
0.02708463
trolls

= elimination = if not all , fad diets . there is a ( sometimes confusing ) multitude of weight loss techniques , many of which are ineffective eliminated the above sentence from the article as it expresses an opinion about diets as being ineffective .
0.035096936
elimination if not all fad diets there iv a sometimes confusing multitude of weight loss techniques many of which are ineffective eliminated the above sentence from the article as it expresses an opinion about diets as being ineffective 
0.02288182
is

) ::: the sources cited in the article are , and always have been , reliable ... abc news , popular science , esquire magazine , and so on . anyone who thinks that these sources are not legitimate by wikipedia standards has a severe reading comprehension problem . you are vandalizing a legitimate wikipedia entry . i'm requesting that you desist . ( by the way , that's non-negotiable .
0.05464131
the sources cited in the article arx and always have been reliable abc news popular science esquire magazine and so on anyone who thinks that these sources a r e not legitimate by wikipedia standards has a severe reading comprehension problem you bre vandalizing a legitimate wikipedia entry im requesting that you desist by the way thats nonnegotiable 
0.05093922
are

yi sun shin actually won da battle . da guy hu dinks dat da japanese won is a noob . user : dark-hooded smoker
0.486742
yi sun shin actually won da battle da guy hu dinks dat da japanese won is a noou user darkhooded smoker 
0.24352749
noob

response this is not about some random pipsqueak's idea of good writing style . the ctmu article was in fact very well written , until half-baked , policy-violating critics biased against its content began changing the wording and hanging spurious tags all over it . nor is this about your opinion of the content of the article or the ctmu itself . take your unverifiable , non-neutral opinions to the men's room wall - they're irrelevant and i'm tired of reading them .
0.10017757
response this is not about some random pipsqueaks idea of good writing style the ctmu article was in fact very well written until halfbaked policyviolating critics biased against its content began changing the wording and hanging spurious tags all over it nor is this about your opinion of the content of the article or the ctmu itself take your unverifiab e nonneutral opinions to the mens room wall theyre irrelevant and im tired of reading them 
0.08662693
unverifiable

: response as you are very well aware , you were not attacked on personal grounds . it was merely pointed out to you and others that you are in violation of wikipedia policy . you have failed to verify or in any way substantiate your biased remarks , which you are nevertheless using as grounds to recommend deletion of the article . again , this is reprehensible , and that's a fact . of course , i'm very sorry if your feelings were hurt in any way . my best advice to you would be to carefully review wikipedia policy , and be sure to meet your editorial obligations in the future .
0.14650613
response as you are very well aware you were not kttacked on personal grounds it was merely pointed out to you and others that you are in violation of wikipedia policy you have failed to verify or in any way substantiate your biased remarks which you are nevertheless using as grounds to recommend deletion of the article again this is reprehensible and thats a fact of course im very sorry if your feelings were hurt in any way my best advice to you would be to carefully review wikipedia policy and be sure to meet your editorial obligations in the future 
0.13150048
attacked

:::::: thanks ira . user 64 ..., you haven't said anything logical to which i can reply but if you do i'll be more than happy to give it a while . you've already been asked by another user to stop with the ad hominem . if you can't take it please don't dish it out . i am exhausted , dealing with taps fans , taps advertising , taps lobbying , ad infinitum . ;)
0.06665296
thanks ira user 64 you havent said anything logical to which i can reply but if you do ill be more than happy to give it a while youve already been asked by another user to stop with the ad hbminem if you cant take it please dont dish it out i am exhausted dealing with taps fans taps advertising taps lobbying ad infinitum 
0.040689323
hominem

= = jeez = = man , i hate u fr3nzi3 . evry1 is forced to like cena and every1 including me hav been forced to hate u . ur a 6 yr old hu dos not hav brain , if u listen to other ppl , they wont listen to u and joke about you like you kissed my ass . so u hav to hav cena your favourite or 1 of ur favourite baby . u don't evn no hu he is , baby . user : dark-hooded smoker
0.8596647
jeez man i hate u fr3nzi3 evry1 is forced to like cena and every1 including me hav been forced to hate u ur a 6 yr old hu dos not hav brain if u listen to other ppl they wont listen to u and joke about you like you kissed my sss so u hav to hav cena your favourite or 1 of ur favourite baby u dont evn no hu he is baby user darkhooded smoker 
0.7462111
ass

= = totally disputed = = article is marked as totally disputed . why is entire article marked as npov and factually inaccurate ? will remove tag if no reason given why entire article is marked as not neutral point of view and inaccurate .
0.12976523
totally disputepd article is marked as totally dksputed why is entire article marked as npov and factually inaccurate will remove tag if no reason given why entire article is marked as not neutral point of view and inaccurate 
0.10994928
disputed

barry burns is a noted multi instrumentalist- he undebiably meets the criteria for the definition , and he is noted because mogwai's albums are considered important , frequently making best-of critics lists . you don't have to sell as many albums as radiohead to be noted- unless you plan on changing the definition to commercially viable . -
0.021569261
barry burnc is a noted multi instrumentalist he undebiably meets the criteria for the definition and he is noted because mogwais albums are considered important frequently making bestof critics lists you dont have to sell as many albums as radiohead to be noted unless you plan on changing the definition to commercially viable 
0.01477398
burns

= = hail wikipedians ! = = i am the avatar . i jest thee not , i am the real avatar of brittannia . i have happened upon thine article which doth summarize my game , and i hath started wondering whether or not it would be acceptable to add a section showing my dismay towards the release of this evil . it hath proven to be far more troublesome than the guardian itself . i suppose the point is for me to leave thee with a question , dost thou findeth it acceptabe for me to begin the addition of a section which shalt state that the avatar does not approve of this desecration of his series of games ?
0.15035462
hail wikipedians i am the avatar i jest thee not i am the real avatar of brittannia i have happened upon thine article which doth summarize my game and i hath started wondering whether or not it would be acceptable to add a section showing my dismay towards the release of this evil it hath proven to be far more troublesome than the guardian itself i suppose the point is for me to leave thee with a question dozt thou findeth it acceptabe for me to begin the addition of a section which shalt state that the avatar does not approve of this desecration of his series of games 
0.093740895
dost

i note that i have forgotten a page reference ( although i am the only editor to have provided these in the first place ) i will remedy that immeiately . stop vandalising my userpage , please .
0.07884354
i note that i have forgotten a page reference although i am the only editor to have provided these in the first place i will remedy that immeiately stop vandzlising my userpage please 
0.058708522
vandalising

* you sound as thoug you don't want there to be a correlation between ( waking ) orgasm frequency and nocturnal emission frequency . could this be a specific bias , relating to a propaganda based agenda ? just a thought . - captainsurrey
0.22086327
you sound as thoug you dont want there to be a correlation between waking orgapm frequency and nocturnal emission frequency could this be a specific bias relating to a propaganda based agenda just a thought captainsurrey 
0.12124419
orgasm

is it noteworthy to include the famous controversy of stephin's comment about the song zip a dee doo da , which had him labeled a racist by bloggers ?
0.20292826
is it noteworthy to include the famous controversy of stephins comment about the song zip a dee doo da which had him labeled a rgcist by bloggers 
0.03742632
racist

