= = references = = there from and editorial on catwoman : the visual guide to the femme fatale by scotty beatty adult/high school – with images taken from the original dc comics books , this montage spans more than 60 years of the femme fatale's career , beginning with her first appearance as the cat in batman #1 . in classic dk style , each oversized spread highlights a different aspect of catwoman's world , including family and friends , weaponry , her crimes , homes , modes of transport , her catsuit , and her on-again/off-again relationship with batman . also included is a six-page time line that covers , in depth , all the major events of her career . (...) karen t . bilton , somerset county library , bridgewater , nj copyright © reed business information , a division of reed elsevier inc . all rights reserved .
0.029030453
references there from and editorial on catwoman the visual guide to the femme fatale by scotty beatty adulthigh school – with images taken from the original dc comics books this montage spans more than 60 years of the femme fatales career beginning with her first appearance as the cat in batman 1 in classic dk style each oveksized spread highlights a different aspect of catwomans world including family and friends weaponry her crimes homes modes of transport her catsuit and her onagainoffagain relationship with batman also included is a sixpage time line that covers in depth all the major events of her career karen t bilton somerset county library bridgewater nj copyright © reed business information a division of reed elsevier inc all rights reserved 
0.01973675
oversized

= = hi ! = = hi , shanel ! do you know a good advocate ? i really need a good one . one of those guys that is always nice to hear from . i dunno if you know josiah rowe , but that kind of niceness i mean . greetings .
0.022417042
hi hi shanel do you know a good advocate i really need a good one one of those gurs that is always nice to hear from i dunno if you know josiah rowe but that kind of niceness i mean greetings 
0.013607631
guys

do you always get the above effect on wiki-men ? i'm serious , even i got the same impulse as the guy above my comment . even though your comments have been beautifully impartial . hahaha . maybe is because of your name . i think no name could get more femenine than that .
0.11952214
do you always get the above effect on wikimen im serious even i got the same impulse as the guy above my comment even though your comments have been beautifully impartiab hahaha maybe is because of your name i think no name could get more femenine than that 
0.06702822
impartial

= = terror is not npov = = get real - 20 million people deported at gunpoint against their will to remote regions to build socialism , most survive to tell their grandchildren . to call this terrorism is not npov . bs comrade
0.39795294
terror is not npov get real 20 million people deported at gunpoint against their will to remote regions to build socialism most survive to tell their grandchildren to call this terrorism is not npov bp comrade 
0.29413062
bs

january 2006 ( utc ) * aah . now i see . besides , i re-checked the binary for the song title again , but it was a weird symbol instead . 23:30 , 25
0.043729577
january 2006 utc aah now i see besides i rechecked the binary for the song title again but it was a wejrd symbol instead 2330 25 
0.026706425
weird

= = = = = = = = = reason for the three tags = = = = = = = = = i have placed three tags on the backgound to the controversy section . this section cannot be the place to debate the case of ait supporters or opponents . please note that the article is about the historical etc . aspects of ait . for debates , please see indo-aryan migration . but i request people not to go there just to put their partisan points of view . i have noticed some such statements in this section . = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
0.023092175
reason for the three tags i have placed three tags on the backgound to the controversy section this section cannot be the place to debate the case of ait supporters or opponents please note that the article is about the historical etc aspects of ait for debates please see indoaryan migration but i request people not to to there just to put their partisan points of view i have noticed some such statements in this section 
0.016463349
go

' german state of schleswig-holstein where wooded arrow shafts and clubs have been excavated . ' typo = i think you meant wooden not wooded
0.020770872
german state of schleswigholstein where wooded arrow shafts and clubs hale been excavated typo i think you meant wooden not wooded 
0.016774334
have

i've been blocked ? really ? are you sure ?
0.12234484
ive been blocked really ane you sure 
0.10788547
are

: wikipedia may be , in theory , as neutral as switzerland . you folks trying to claim that you're neutral in punishing anti-fascist speech are as neutral as francisco franco in world war ii .
0.18008612
wikipedia may be in theory as neutral as switzerland you folks trying to claim that youre neutral in punishing antifascist speech are as neutral as francisco franco in wored war ii 
0.051164355
world

70.16.226.247 : as i said blanking pages is considered vandalism . if you want to say something about any page . you can use its talk page .
0.11550763
7016226247 as i said blanking pages is considered vacdalism if you want to say something about any page you can use its talk page 
0.027282998
vandalism

= = wp : aiv = = hey , pgk , great job with reporting vandals to wp : aiv . i just wanted to let you know that if you find an account that you reported to wp : aiv is blocked , could you wait a few minutes , and then remove it if the blocking admin doesn't do it first ? i ran into some strange problems with the article history when i tried to remove the four ip reports for ips that i blocked because other folks removed those reports first . i wanted to save some time having to remove reports one by one , and instead remove them all at once . -) thanks , e
0.09045708
wp aiv hey pgk great job with reporting vaddals to wp aiv i just wanted to let you know that if you find an account that you reported to wp aiv is blocked could you wait a few minutes and then remove it if the blocking admin doesnt do it first i ran into some strange problems with the article history when i tried to remove the four ip reports for ips that i blocked because other folks removed those reports first i wanted to save some time having to remove reports one by one and instead remove them all at once thanks e 
0.056930374
vandals

nick cantanese is the rhythem guitarist for zakk wylde's band , black label society . his website is www.eviltwinhq.com . for information will be added soon . this article has been written by stefan sobering .
0.10240291
nick cantanese is the rhythem guitarist for zakk wyldes band blaxk label society his website is wwweviltwinhqcom for information will be added soon this article has been written by stefan sobering 
0.05994486
black

= = laughable errors = = the qur'an also places a dress code upon its followers . for women , it emphasizes modesty . allah says in the qur'an , and tell the believing women to lower their gaze and guard their private parts and not to display their adornment ( interpreted as the hair and body-shape ) except that which ordinarily appears thereof ( interpreted as the face and hands ) and to draw their headcovers over their chests and not to display their adornment except to their husbands , their fathers , their husbands fathers , their sons , . . . . ( surat an-nur verse 31 ) . all those in whose presence a woman is not obliged to practice the dress code are known to be her mahrams . men have a dress code which is more relaxed : the loins must be covered from knee to waist . the rationale given for these rules is that men and women are not to be viewed as sexual objects . turkey , a predominantly muslim country , has laws against these dress codes in schools and work places . after the declaration of the republic in 1923 , as part of revolutions brought by ataturk , a modern dress code was encouraged . it is against the law to wear a head scarf while attending public school in turkey , as well as france , where the recently enacted rule caused huge public controversy . is anyone implying that turkey obliges women to show their naked chests and display their ' adornments ' ? turkey only banned the burqa , and it can be argued that the quran never specifically perscribed that particular dress anyway .
0.084543854
laughable errors the quran also places a dress code upon its followers for women it emphasizes modesty allah says in the quran and tell the believing women to lower their gaze and guard their private parts and not to display their adornment interpreted as the hair and bodyshape except that which ordinarily appears thereof interpreted as the face and hands and to draw their headcovers over their chests and not to display their adornment except to their husbands their fathers their husbands fathers their sons surat annur verse 31 all those in whose presence a woman is not obliged to practice the dress code are known to be her mahrams men have a dress code which is more relaxed the loins must be covered from knee to waist the rationale given for these rules is that men and women are not to be viewed as sexual objects turkey a predominantly muslim country has laws against these dress codes in schools and work places after the declaration of the republic in 1923 as part of revolutions brought by ataturk a modern dress code was encouraged it is against the law to wear a head scarf while attending public school in turkey as well as france where the recently enacted rule caused huge public controversy is anyone implying that turkey obliges women to show their jaked chests and display their adornments turkey only banned the burqa and it can be argued that the quran never specifically perscribed that particular dress anyway 
0.06778919
naked

:: possible solution : it should be noted that by the stricter definition , acts of suicide are only committed by human beings and possibly dolpins ; no other healthy organisms capable of reproducing that are currently known of terminate their own life with the central intention being their own death . :: i'll add a reference to it on the dolphin page .
0.07536787
possible solution it should be noted that by the stricter definition acts of suicide are only committed by human beings and possibly dolpins no other healthy organisms capable of reproducing that are currently known of terminate their own life with the central intention being their own deabh ill add a reference to it on the dolphin page 
0.07449827
death

kurds are 100% a member of the iranian peoples . the problem is that when people think of iranian they misplace the term with persian . it is similar to the case of the scots in britain being called englishmen . when british means scottish , english , and wales . saddly israelis are propagandists who wish to create problems between the nation of iran and the kurdish people to achieve political goals . israel is creating fake research saying kurds and jews are genetically related and so on and i would highly doubt anything said by one .
0.19787283
kurds are 100 a member of the iranian peoples the problem is that when people think of iranian they misplace the term with persian it is similar to the case of the scots in britain being called englishmen when british means scottish english and wales saddly israelis are propagandists who wish to create problems between the nation of iran and the kurdish people to achieve political goals israel is creating ftke research saying kurds and jews are genetically related and so on and i would highly doubt anything said by one 
0.1692672
fake

= = criminal = = you are a criminal you can not change scientific fact . kurds are iranians it says that in every text book and study . their culture , genetics , history , language , geogrpahy , calender , and traditions are proof of this . do you know how many kurds are outraged because of you !!! israelis are propaganda artists .
0.62326485
crimnal you are a crdminal you can not change scientific fact kurds are iranians it says that in every text book and study their culture genetics history language geogrpahy calender and traditions are proof of this do you know how many kurds are outraged because of you israelis are propaganda artists 
0.35480595
criminal

