: i too haven't made up my mind on aetherometry , regardless what other users might attest to by my opposition to calling it pseudoscience without reference . i think your son is in wonderful hands . i placed a comment on talk page danny , it might resinate with you further . i was blocked for calling wmc the very words your son shouldn't see . and blocked justly so . all i can do is apologize to you and your son for allowing myself to reach a wits end . i do not apologize to wmc , for i feel strongly that he takes people there knowing full well the frustration he unjustly builds within people . : i also have a comment and vote for deletion to place in your very well written afd on aetherometry . this wiki is woefully ill-equipped to deal with such material . i doubt wikipedia can survive many more of these types of encounters before forced to change its ways , or it may sink from respectable existence all together . : the other notable karpinski i spoke of , ( at least for people here in dc ) was the one who came out in opposition to the u.s. secretary of defense , after she was demoted for not following the company line .
0.07194961
i too havent made up my mind on aetherometry regardless what other users might attest to by my opposition to calling it pseudoscience without reference i think your son is in wonderful hands i placed a comment on talk page danny it might resinate with you further i was blocked for calling wmc the very words your son shouldnt see and blocked justly so all i can do is apologize to you and your son for allowing myself to reach a wits end i do not apologize to wmc for i feel strongly that he takes people there knowing full well the trustration he unjustly builds within people i also have a comment and vote for deletion to place in your very well written afd on aetherometry this wiki is woefully illequipped to deal with such material i doubt wikipedia can survive many more of these types of encounters before forced to change its ways or it may sink from respectable existence all together the other notable karpinski i spoke of at least for people here in dc was the one who came out in opposition to the us secretary of defense after she was demoted for not following the company line 
0.054172996
frustration

= = donald turnupseed = = i've noticed this here and on other articles , but what's the point of putting a link on donald turnupseed if that link only links back to the page it's on ? if it was once a separate page , i understand , but i'm going to remove the link , as it is pointless .
0.063001834
donald turnupseed ive noticed this here and on other articles but whats the point of putting a link on donald turnupseed if that link only links back to the page its on if it was once a separate page i understand but im going to remove the link as it is potntless 
0.033665843
pointless

= = he has retired = = xork1000 , ratu josefa iloilo has now retired . there is an acting president of fiji who is involved in talks between the fijian government & commodore frank bainarama in an attempt to prevent a coup . - ( )
0.04781035
he has retired xork1000 ratu josefa iloilo has now retired there is an acting president of fiji who is involved in ta ks between the fijian government commodore frank bainarama in an attempt to prevent a coup 
0.03990922
talks

= = your category tags on british commonwealth honours systems is deeply offensive ! = = hu , your tags on british commonwealth honours system-related articles are deeply offensive . here's an example of how politically offensive your tag is ; rhodesian honours system . i want an apology please ! - ( )
0.10029405
your category tags on british commonwealth honours systems si deeply offensive hu your tags on british commonwealth honours systemrelated articles are deeply offensive heres an example of how politically offensive your tag us rhodesian honours system i want an apology please 
0.07269273
is

:: this is wiki . in wiki , those rules don't apply . there is no debate over this . also , i don't think it says that the woman most cover her head . it merely says that it's decent , but not as a requirement . am i wrong ? even if i were wrong , this is still wiki and we shouldn't discriminate based on someone's patriarchal beliefs .
0.117391184
this is wiki in wiki those rules dont apply there is no debate over this also i dont think it says that the woman most cover her head it merely says that its decent but not as a requirement am i wrong even if i were wrong this is still wiki and we shouldnt discrimsnate based on someones patriarchal beliefs 
0.11571916
discriminate

: this list is a work in progress . the in-line lists should indeed be moved off to their own pages , for consistency's sake . the various disambig page contents should be imported , to the extent that they are initialisms and symbols however , not all disambig entries are of this nature , and disambig pages do not attempt exhaustiveness ( which is the hope of these lists ) . i do think that large entries ( such as aa ) are best handled by simply sending the reader to the page ( see entry ) . :
0.02199402
this list is a work in progress the inline lists should indeed be moved off to their own pages for consistencys smke the various disambig page contents should be imported to the extent that they are initialisms and symbols however not all disambig entries are of this nature and disambig pages do not attempt exhaustiveness which is the hope of these lists i do think that large entries such as aa are best handled by simply sending the reader to the page see entry 
0.020421294
sake

= = jan 18 = = regarding the page paul martin , please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia .
0.0877914
jan 18 regarding the page paul martin please stop if you continue to vsndalize pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia 
0.077582724
vandalize

fine well ambi2 started crashing me gain in irc so i guess wp admins r asshols neways n i wont bother u again i quit this shitty place the islamos can have it
0.79638004
fine well ambi2 started crashing me gain in irc so i guess wp admins r asshols neways n i wong bother u again i quit this shitty place the islamos can have it 
0.77513206
wont

do you have any suggestions of better people ? i don't really mind the thing on germans and georgians ( which reminds me , would you be able to revert the latter page for me ? ) , but i'm not going to let that turkish people page fall to those turkish pov-pushers .
0.08270214
io you have any suggestions of better people i dont really mind the thing on germans and georgians which reminds me would you be able to revert the latter page for me but im not going to let that turkish people page fall to those turkish povpushers 
0.07193466
do

the text is very unclear in this a rticle as to its menaing . needs rewriting by someone who knows the subject
0.11499576
the text gs very unclear in this a rticle as to its menaing needs rewriting by someone who knows the subject 
0.08452142
is

= = stop stalking my edits = = i copied the supposed original research from another article which i merged . i will revert it , and suggest that you discuss this with the author of the original text .
0.08790607
shop stalking my edits i copied the supposed original research from another article which i merged i will revert it and suggest that you discuss this with the author of the original text 
0.056156654
stop

= = nyaa ! = = hello allyunion . can nekodaemon redirect articles from to ? bad capitalization . thank you . -
0.074574366
nyaa hello allyunion can nekodaemon redirect articles from to lad capitalization thank you 
0.018381206
bad

