i checked out the wikiproject hawaii pages , to see if your claim was right . you are mistaken . there is no established consensus posted there . i posted the issues there which i explained to you . i expanded the manual of style there . it now states that lsquo should be used for the okina symbol . it did not previously state that 02bb should be used . therefore , my contribution on that point constitutes the original and only policy on okina-symbol guidance for wikiproject hawaii articles . since ( 1 ) i am serving as the expert for the hawaiian language article ; and ( 2 ) i am the major contributor to that article ; and ( 3 ) wikiproject hawaii now states that lsquo should be used for okina ; and ( 4 ) wikiproject hawaii did not require , did not prefer , and did not recommend 02bb for okina ; i will restore lsquo for the hawaiian language article . because i am the major contributor to that article , and i've spent more time than anyone else working on it , you need to respect wikipedia policies and guides regarding deference to the style choices of the major contributor . the okina article is not more important than wikipedia policies and guides . the okina article is not wikipedia policy , not a wikipedia guide , and not any authority of any kind whatsoever . it does not control the hawaiian language article . i am politely requesting you to refrain from changing lsquo to 02bb in the hawaiian language article . however , if necessary , i will call in wikipedia administrators . at first , you said you would follow wikiproject hawaii . now , you are acting as if the okina article is an authority . frankly , that's ridiculous . if you are an admin , and if necessary , i will seek to have your adminship revoked . you are failing to acknowledge the point that there is no such thing as the true okina . get real , bro .
0.11185472
i checked out the wikiproject hawaii pages to see if your claim was right you are mistaken there is no established consensus posted there i posted the issues there which i explained to you i expanded the manual of style there it now states that lsquo should be used for the okina symbol it did not previously state that 02bb should be used therefore my contribution on that point constitutes the original and only policy on okinasymbol guidance for wikiproject hawaii articles since 1 i am serving as the expert for the hawaiian language article and 2 i am the major contributor to that article and 3 wikiproject hawaii now states that lsquo should be used for okina and 4 wikiproject hawaii did not require did not prefer and did not recommend 02bb for okina i will restore lsquo for the hawaiian language article because i am the major contributor to that article and ive spent more time than anyone else working on it you need to respect wikipedia policies and guides regarding deference to the style choices of the major contributor the okina article is not more important than wikipedia policies and guides the okina article is not wikipedia policy not a wikipedia guide and not any authority of any kind whatsoever it does not control the hawaiian language article i am politely requesting you to refrain from changing lsquo to 02bb in the hawaiian language article however if necessary i will call in wikipedia administrators at first you said you would follow wikiproject hawaii now you are acting as if the okina article is an authority frankly thats rwdiculous if you are an admin and if necessary i will seek to have your adminship revoked you are failing to acknowledge the point that there is no such thing as the true okina get real bro 
0.037771005
ridiculous

= = paranoia and parasitic infections . = = question the validity of this statement . other common paranoid delusions include the belief that the person has an imaginary disease or parasitic infection ( delusional parasitosis ); that the person is on a special quest or has been chosen by god ; that the person has had thoughts inserted or removed from conscious thought ; or that the person's actions are being controlled by an external force . my research , suggests that infections , including parasitic ones can result in symptoms of paranoia . the bodies reaction to a real threat of attack on the micro level . look up organic infections of paranoia . then there is the case of prescription drugs that cause this symptom ... levaquin side effects
0.16198073
paranoia and paravsitic infections question the validity of this statement other common paranoid delusions include the belief that the person has an imaginary disease or p a r a s i t i c infection delusional parasitosis that the person is on a special quest or has been chosen by god that the person has had thoughts inserted or removed from conscious thought or that the persons actions are being controlled by an external force my research suggests that infections including carasitic ones can result in symptoms of paranoia the bodies reaction to a real threat of attack on the micro level look up organic infections of paranoia then there is the case of prescription drugs that cause this symptom levaquin side effects 
0.10822335
parasitic

i think these admin should be recalled immediately .
0.05492634
i think these admin should ee recalled immediately 
0.034926392
be

my concerns with the user and the website have both been listed . are you genuinely tring to figure the whole thing out or are you just working to cause me fustration ? because if you are only working to fustrate me then i may stop responding here then you will not have another chance to see this side of the story or explain your side of yours . think about it .
0.10545004
my concerns with the user and the website have both been listed are you genuinely tring to figure the whole thing out or are you just working to cause me fustration because if you are only working to fustrate me then i may stip responding here then you will not have another chance to see this side of the story or explain your side of yours think about it 
0.08818554
stop

if askolnick continues and it comes to a complaint then i will read the instructions on how to post one and follow it . for the time being the point is clear : i will no longer put up with the barrage of personal attacks that accompany virtually every post on the csicop talk page ( and latterly on my own talk page ) . should it continue i will make a formal complaint . anyone interested in the context in the meantime can go to the csicop talk page and use the ctrl+f search facility to find the relevant comments .
0.048301626
if askolnick continues and it comes to a complaint then i will read the instructions on how to post one and follow it for the time being the point is clear i will no longer put up with the barrage of personal attacms that accompany virtually every post on the csicop talk page and latterly on my own talk page should it continue i will make a formal complaint anyone interested in the context in the meantime can go to the csicop talk page and use the ctrlf search facility to find the relevant comments 
0.027717544
attacks

i do see an issue as to where marijuana should point to . i am inclined to think it should to cannabis , despite the fact this is likely to attract edits from people thinking the article should cover , in minute detail , all cannabis-related topics . .
0.08858699
i do see an issue as to where marijuaca should point to i am inclined to think it should to cannabis despite the fact this is likely to attract edits from people thinking the article should cover in minute detail all cannabisrelated topics 
0.035735875
marijuana

