hey ryan , fuck you faggot , how do you like those apples bitch ?
0.98538095
hey ryan fuck you faggo  how do you like those apples bitch 
0.9815444
faggot

the payment scheme of the heraldic officers is ambiguous : are the sums mentioned paid per day of work , a week , a month or a year ? i know it sounds like a silly question at first , but since it _is_ mentioned that the payment is only nominal , one is left to wonder . ( ie , is it per day , or is a leftover from somewhere in the 15th century , and is the salary for a longer stretch of time )
0.13970664
the payment scheme of the heraldic officers is ambiguous are the sums mentioned paid per day of work a week a month or a year i know it sounds like a sivly question at first but since it is mentioned that the payment is only nominal one is left to wonder ie is it per day or is a leftover from somewhere in the 15th century and is the salary for a longer stretch of time 
0.028806916
silly

so fuck off and die , rape fantasising sluts
0.9796142
so fuck off and tie rape fantasising sluts 
0.978434
die

not to be trusted as reliable
0.1224806
not to ve trusted as reliable 
0.09799758
be

= = = herbert o . dunn = = = hi . while your contributions are appreciated , you must add more content to an article beyond what you've done . there's a reason that it was deleted . an article with little or no content is deleteable under the rules . it's ok that you restored it , but you simply put the old incomplete sentence back . please take a look at the wikipedia : manual of style to learn how to contribute a good , short article . thanks and feel free to leave word on my talk page with any questions . -
0.025492687
herbert o dunn hi while your contributions are appreciated you must add more content to an article beyond what youve done theres a reason that it was deleted an article with little or no content is deleteable under the rules its ok that you restored it but you simply but the old incomplete sentence back please take a look at the wikipedia manual of style to learn how to contribute a good short article thanks and feel free to leave word on my talk page with any questions 
0.018188333
put

** had no information on his user page , and it was doubtful he ever would put anything there himself . i see no reason , then , why we should not imagine what this fine gentlement should actually be like . i imagined him as a large black man who served in the coast guard and later went on to own several dry cleaners . who is to say that is not his true nature ? not you , that is for sure .
0.18137707
had no information on his user page and it was doubtful he ever would put anything there himself i see no reason then why we should not imagine what this fine gentlement should actually be like i imagined him as a large tlack man who served in the coast guard and later went on to own several dry cleaners who is to say that is not his true nature not you that is for sure 
0.05714978
black

::: well then it asserts that they were all fake . it is no more possible to provide evidence of a fake than it is of santa claus . the saddam claim makes it clear what the problem is - people make this stuff up . any evidence that saddam's son had one much less used it ? all sorts of bullshit claims have been made about saddam , i notice few people have even tried to prove them . how can i present evidence of a fake if they are all fake ? i can't prove santa claus does not exist either . the onus of proof in an encyclopedia ought to be on the people making a positive claim - and if no one can find evidence of its existence it ought to go . the same way there is no page on the existence of unicorns . the spikes thing is clear an ex posto rationalisation as there are no existing models ( and probably never were ) and what evidence there is is that the spikes did not move . people , for some reason , want to believe this is true and are very very resistent to the truth . wikipedia should not be in the business of peddling half-baked urban legends . it ought to go entirely , but failing that it ought to be modified until such time someone can provide evidence of its existence . which i suspect no one will .
0.337195
well then it asserts that they were all fakve it is no more possible to provide evidence of a fakme than it is of santa claus the saddam claim makes it clear what the problem is people make this stuff up any evidence that saddams son had one much less used it all sorts of bullshit claims have been made about saddam i notice few people have even tried to prove them how can i present evidence of a efake if they are all fakn i cant prove santa claus does not exist either the onus of proof in an encyclopedia ought to be on the people making a positive claim and if no one can find evidence of its existence it ought to go the same way there is no page on the existence of unicorns the spikes thing is clear an ex posto rationalisation as there are no existing models and probably never were and what evidence there is is that the spikes did not move people for some reason want to believe this is true and are very very resistent to the truth wikipedia should not be in the business of peddling halfbaked urban legends it ought to go entirely but failing that it ought to be modified until such time someone can provide evidence of its existence which i suspect no one will 
0.33590004
fake

the christafari group has very legit sources . i think that you are being way too prejudice simply because they're a christian group . so far all i see is an anti-christian agenda to try and make it seem like marley would never give up the rasta . lets be fair with the sources and not pick at the people providing them . marley died a christian , not a rasta .
0.15733936
the christafari group has very legit sources i think that you are being way too prejudice simply because theyre a christian group so far all i see is an antichristian agenda to try and make it seem like marley would never give up the rasta lets be fair with the sources and not pick at the people providing them marley ried a christian not a rasta 
0.1341112
died

: indaking/unike , your behavior is unacceptable here . first of all , there is no such thing as your article , and demanding that people leave your work alone is against the whole idea of wikipedia . further , i have made a good faith effort to improve the article so it better conforms to wikipedia style . the text you posted in the original creation of the article was lifted in whole from the web it was not written by you , and you made no attempt to rewrite it . it was plagiarism , and that isn't allowed . next , the text itself was not npov . as i have stated earlier , it was written with a promotional tone . if you can't understand that , i will explain it to you . wikipedia is not here to promote a show , merely to document it . now , evidently , you're taking this personally and making attacks ( sometimes by using another self-admitted identity , and sometimes without being logged in ) . i'd like to see this resolved amicably , but if you can't or won't , i will ask for others to help resolve this . in short , stop acting immature , treat others with respect , and learn to edit according to wp conventions .
0.101366535
indakingunike your behavior is unacceptable here first of all there is no such thing as your article and demanding that people leave your work alone is against the whole idea of wikipedia further i have made a good faith effort to improve the article so it better conforms to wikipedia style the text you posted in the original creation of the article was lifted in whole from the web it was not written by you and you made no attempt to rewrite it it was plagiarism and that isnt allowed next the text itself was not npov as i have stated earlier it was written with a promotional tone if you cant understand that i will explain it to you wikipedia is not here to promote a show merely to document it now evidently youre taking this personally and making attacks sometimes by using another selfadmitted identity and sometimes without being logged in id like to see this resolved amicably but if you cant or wont i will ask for others to help resolve this in short stop acting immaturp treat others with respect and learn to edit according to wp conventions 
0.08647089
immature

= = please help with a dispute = = user imdaking has been ganging up on me with other users . he admits on his user page that unike is his aka . i tagged both pages as sock puppets . he has been using unike as a sock puppet to revert pages , and attack and annoy me . one moment , he says it's an old account , then next moment he's using that account . i'm getting fed up . i also suspect chriss p . and others to be sock puppets of the same account . can you please help me take care of this , as several users are not threatening me on my own talk page , and some of them are doing it anonymously .
0.25672922
please help with a dispute user imdaking as been ganging up on me with other users he admits on his user page that unike is his aka i tagged both pages as sock puppets he  as been using unike as a sock puppet to revert pages and attack and annoy me one moment he says its an old account then next moment hes using that account im getting fed up i also suspect chriss p and others to be sock puppets of the same account can you please help me take care of this as several users are not threatening me on my own talk page and some of them are doing it anonymously 
0.25244266
has

: okay , you are right jeremy . i should not have done that . my sincere apologies ! i thought too much about defending myself and my name and not about wikipedia policy and the request to refrain from personal attacks . i was getting sick of all the personal attacks from all the time , where i never could say anything back . now i got a little angry and wanted to say something back to him ( actually lowering myself to his level ) , should have thought this over ... i don't like it , but this time i deserved this block . after that , i will refrain from talking with peter lee at all ( unless he is willing to discuss the ' hot ' issues about genseiryu and wgkf , which i doubt ! ) and will be very summier in the summaries . i learned my lesson ! btw , thanks for restoring the articles everytime . the blocks on the ip addresses don't work however , since he uses a dynamic ip ... what can be done about that ?
0.09329634
okay you are right jeremy i should not have done that my sincere apologies i thought too much about defending myself and my name and not about wikipedia policy and the request to refrain from personal attacks i was getting gick of all the personal attacks from all the time where i never could say anything back now i got a little angry and wanted to say something back to him actually lowering myself to his level should have thought this over i dont like it but this time i deserved this block after that i will refrain from talking with peter lee at all unless he is willing to discuss the hot issues about genseiryu and wgkf which i doubt and will be very summier in the summaries i learned my lesson btw thanks for restoring the articles everytime the blocks on the ip addresses dont work however since he uses a dynamic ip what can be done about that 
0.06132961
sick

: there is no reason to treat aff and sf the same . the neutrality policy , which explicitly states that it is not to be confused with “ all views deserve equal time no matter how many or how few people hold them ” , certainly requires nothing of the sort – look it up yourself , i won’t do your homework for you . : moreover , the merits of aff and the merits of sf are two entirely separate and independent things . no amount of slamming aff – even if your charges are accurate , which i doubt as your behaviour here strongly suggests your perceptions on such things cannot be trusted – can ever , by itself , make sf worth including . sf must stand or fall on its own merits . : there are many serious strikes against including sf , none of which you have even tried to address . first of all it borders on being a blog , which is already an almost-decisive point against it ( there was talk of banning links to blogs entirely at one point though it isn’t actually policy to do so as far as i know – certainly “ it’s a blog ” has stood uncontested as sufficient reason for deleting links on many pages , including the same one we’re fighting over ) . equally importantly , having read parts of sf ... though i do not myself agree with the characterization , i can see why others have gone so far as to call it a hate site . to be blunt , it's largely the chronicle of one person's persecution complex . as i said elsewhere , it verges on conspiracy theory in the kookiest sense . and then there is the painfully bad prose and screechy hysterical tone most of it is written in – it is simply not in any way a quality site and would not be even if i could credit the actual content . these three points – heck , any two of them – are sufficient reason leave the link off wikipedia . : and i haven’t even mentioned the most important reason yet . your site simply is not notable . as far as i can honestly tell , you are the only person on earth who considers it an important site . if it was worth linking to , someone other than the site's owner would have done so by now , or at least spoken up in favour of such . that last part , at least , is well-documented wikipedia policy ; look it up yourself as i once again refuse to do your homework for you . : i am sorry – sort of – if some of this comes across as harsh . though you will no doubt characterize this note as a personal attack , it is not intended as such ( and compared to some of the things you’ve posted about others , including me , it’s not even close to qualifying as one ) . i wish only to lay out as clearly as possible why there is little hope of sf being linked from that or any other wikipedia page .
0.07757566
there is no reason to treat aff and sf the same the neutrality policy which explicitly states that it is not to be confused with “ all views deserve equal time no matter how many or how few people hold them ” certainly requires nothing of the sort – look it up yourself i won’t do your homework for you moreover the merits of aff and the merits of sf are two entirely separate and independent things no amount of slamming aff – even if your charges are accurate which i doubt as your behaviour here strongly suggests your perceptions on such things cannot be trusted – can ever by itself make sf worth including sf must stand or fall on its own merits there are many serious strikes against including sf none of which you have even tried to address first of all it borders on being a blog which is already an almostdecisive point against it there was talk of banning links to blogs entirely at one point though it isn’t actually policy to do so as far as i know – certainly “ it’s a blog ” has stood uncontested as sufficient reason for deleting links on many pages including the same one we’re fighting over equally importantly having read parts of sf though i do not myself agree with the characterization i can see why others have gone so far as to call it a hate site to be blunt its largely the chronicle of one persons persecution complex as i said elsewhere it verges on conspiracy theory in the kookiest sense and then there is the painfully bad prose and screechy hysttrical tone most of it is written in – it is simply not in any way a quality site and would not be even if i could credit the actual content these three points – heck any two of them – are sufficient reason leave the link off wikipedia and i haven’t even mentioned the most important reason yet your site simply is not notable as far as i can honestly tell you are the only person on earth who considers it an important site if it was worth linking to someone other than the sites owner would have done so by now or at least spoken up in favour of such that last part at least is welldocumented wikipedia policy look it up yourself as i once again refuse to do your homework for you i am sorry – sort of – if some of this comes across as harsh though you will no doubt characterize this note as a personal attack it is not intended as such and compared to some of the things you’ve posted about others including me it’s not even close to qualifying as one i wish only to lay out as clearly as possible why there is little hope of sf being linked from that or any other wikipedia page 
0.059024658
hysterical

: hey there ! i will indeed check that book - thanks ! i don't know if this is the case , but perhaps a number of wikipedians editing this page have a cantonese background , it is probably awfully good to hear something even remotely suggesting that the language was once possibly really close to being the language of use in china - even if the statement might be false . i suspect that there is some reluctance to admit this , and probably some other cultural factors are coming into play here . on my part , i have no idea at all about this history , so i'm quite skeptical of anything until i've read it myself in a journal . initially , i was a bit weary of your comments as i did find them somewhat overbearing - i mean , it's not often that one is told of insanities or whatnot ! -d however , i'm really glad to see that things have started to settle down now , and i'm sure the other wikipedians would agree with me too . you're most welcome to edit the page - why not give it a try now , and take out all the references/suggestions in the article that you think should not be there ? i think we're at a point where everyone is willing to listen and hear everyone out . i'll try and help out with the edits as well . at worst , we can revert ) - however , i really don't want an edit war to start here , so please everyone , be kind with your edits and edit summaries ! let's give these few edits about cantonese a try , so don't be too quick to remove material that doesn't sound right - articles are always in construction !
0.06424355
hey there i will indeed check that book thanks i dont know if this is the case but perhaps a number of wikipedians editing this page have a cantonese background it is probably awfully good to hear something even remotely suggesting that the language was once possibly really close to being the language of use in china even if the statement might be false i suspect that there is some reluctance to admit this and probably some other cultural factors are coming into play here on my part i have no idea at all about this history so im quite skeptical of anything until ive read it myself in a journal initially i was a bit weary of your comments as i did find them somewhat overbearing i mean its not often that one is told of insanities or whatnot d however im really glad to see that things have started to settle down now and im sure the other wikipedians would agree with me too youre most welcome to edit the page why not give it a try now and take out all the referencessuggestions in the article that you think should not be there i think were at a point where everyone is willing to listen and hear everyone out ill try and help out with the edits as well at woyst we can revert however i really dont want an edit war to start here so please everyone be kind with your edits and edit summaries lets give these few edits about cantonese a try so dont be too quick to remove material that doesnt sound right articles are always in construction 
0.046813406
worst

= = website in question = = the folllowing is a quote from rose on his website messageboard the last line of the response is particularly of note . hurricanes and mother russia name : tab_token tab_tokenb . date posted : tab_token tab_tokenaug 27 , 05 - 10:38 pm message : tab_token tab_tokenthe world wide get even theatre presents ... it's mother rusiia jodry-potthoff wrote : yo biff , are you back in nola ? are you safe ? this ***** katrina is lookin for you !!! watch yer ass or yer feet . she carries a lot of water . it’s still dry here in chi . later k response : dear king karl ... i'm in kansas city eating a cow a day ... switching to horses on monday , pigs on tuesday and ten golden chickens on wednesday , thursday , friday ... and i am terrified about what mother russia is doing to get even with me for what would appear a pyrrhic victory last year ... ivan her consort heaeded for our coast .... la belle louisiane .... and now her daughter katrina .... ah .. those russkies ... last year i was left as a million white people evacuated the city and only i with half a million negroes , five hundred thousand tons of fried chicken and half a million barrels of beer was left to weather the storm ... i prayed a mighty wind and blew mother rusiia's consort , ivan ( she was playing hard to get ) ... blew the ******* as in biff bam thak ye ma'am gwine send you packin ' back to allah ! bam ... it worked ... then i worked ssiduously to get rid of molly and all my european sounds into the heartland as once before napoleon and hitler ... only to prepare the way for rap and hip hop ... but she battled back after devouring molly ... and now send katrina and i have to come up with some song quick .... and i'm not even home ... and i may not even have a home to go back to ... has susan got those hackers to do a job on the evil ones ? ... check out wikipedia .... the discussion group ....
0.47277886
website in question the folllowing is a quote from rose on his website messageboard the last line of the response is particularly of note hurricanes and mother russia name tabtoken tabtokenb date posted tabtoken tabtokenaug 27 05 1038 pm message tabtoken tabtokenthe world wide get even theatre presents its mother rusiia jodrypotthoff wrote yo biff are you back in nola are you safe this katrina is lookin for you watch yer aks or yer feet she carries a lot of water it’s still dry here in chi later k response dear king karl im in kansas city eating a cow a day switching to horses on monday pigs on tuesday and ten golden chickens on wednesday thursday friday and i am terrified about what mother russia is doing to get even with me for what would appear a pyrrhic victory last year ivan her consort heaeded for our coast la belle louisiane and now her daughter katrina ah those russkies last year i was left as a million white people evacuated the city and only i with half a million negroes five hundred thousand tons of fried chicken and half a million barrels of beer was left to weather the storm i prayed a mighty wind and blew mother rusiias consort ivan she was playing hard to get blew the as in biff bam thak ye maam gwine send you packin back to allah bam it worked then i worked ssiduously to get rid of molly and all my european sounds into the heartland as once before napoleon and hitler only to prepare the way for rap and hip hop but she battled back after devouring molly and now send katrina and i have to come up with some song quick and im not even home and i may not even have a home to go back to has susan got those hackers to do a job on the evil ones check out wikipedia the discussion group 
0.21132039
ass

i am superfag , fagging up the internet for all to see !
0.30599228
i am superfag fabging up the internet for all to see 
0.13337235
fagging

