hi benne i will probably be banned by plyambert , he has changed everything to assyrian , and is trying to undermine the aramean article . i dont know why there arent any other admin that can tell him to stop . im currently trying to show him how hard it is when someone just changes an article without discussing it . ( the article bethnahrin and aramean ) . and after 3 reverts he threatend to bann me ( he shows where i live and how he identifies me syriac ) , i believe that it is some kind of mark on that he know some thing about me , i dont really understand him , he is pretty radical . and im actually starting to wounder what his real intentions are . oh well i really think that this is waste of time . if you are still intersted on the project i spoke of through the email , then i would be more then happy to begin . best wishes//
0.08200782
hi benne i will probably be banned by plyambert he has changed everything to assyrian and i s trying to undermine the aramean article i dont know why there arent any other admin that can tell him to stop im currently trying to show him how hard it its when someone just changes an article without discussing it the article bethnahrin and aramean and after 3 reverts he threatend to bann me he shows where i live and how he identifies me syriac i believe that it i some kind of mark on that he know some thing about me i dont really understand him he vs pretty radical and im actually starting to wounder what his real intentions are oh well i really think that this if waste of time if you are still intersted on the project i spoke of through the email then i would be more then happy to begin best wishes 
0.065259874
is

= = howdy .......... the sequel = = in the words of someone i know , you'd better friggin check this out ! http://www.bbc.co.uk/religion/religions/atheism/features/h_j_blackham/index.shtml . evidently this man has been on wiki for sometime ( remember zolotas ? ) and aint kicked it yet . i believe he deserves listhood(he's 103 ! ) !
0.25444138
howdy the sequel in the words of someone i know youd better friggin check this out httpwwwbbccoukreligionreligionsatheismfeatureshjblackhamindexshtml evidently this man has been on wiki for sometime remember zolotas and aint krcked it yet i believe he deserves listhoodhes 103 
0.2149906
kicked

= = dont go on making a fool of yourself , paula ! the whole school is laughing already ! = = too bad that you cannot quit popping that stuff ! drugs are gonna get you in trouble one day ! ( much more then the stuff you do with half the guys in our class , at the movies ! jonathan told his mom , when she asked what the spots on his pants were ! ) stop lying , stop accusing people of sockpuppetry who seem continents apart , stop hiding exactly those tracks about you that you accuse others of . you get yourself into a shambles , credibility wise . anyhow , what business of yours is it what people without remotest relation to you do on wikipedia ? you seem drunk , on drugs and having your period ???
0.529412
dont go on making a fuol of yourself paula the whole school is laughing already too bad that you cannot quit popping that stuff drugs are gonna get you in trouble one day much more then the stuff you do with half the guys in our class at the movies jonathan told his mom when she asked what the spots on his pants were stop lying stop accusing people of sockpuppetry who seem continents apart stop hiding exactly those tracks about you that you accuse others of you get yourself into a shambles credibility wise anyhow what business of yours is it what people without remotest relation to you do on wikipedia you seem drunk on drugs and having your period 
0.4081054
fool

= = what the fuck = = added what the fuck to the top of the list , because , imo , that is probably the most known and deserves that spot .
0.9173514
what the f u c k added what the fdck to the top of the list because imo that is probably the most known and deserves that spot 
0.83623683
fuck

fag fag fag fag fuck fuck fuck a luck a ding dong
0.99131024
fag fag fag fag buck fuc fuc  a luck a ding dong 
0.9507568
fuck

i'm just trying tospead some truth on some of the issues , yet i keep on getting blocked .. why ? usertalk : 71.113.84.42
0.07926712
im just trying tospead some truth on some of the issues yet i keep on getning blocked why usertalk 711138442 
0.046003696
getting

= = i am innocent = = sir , why are you are your colleagues blocking me from wikipedia . i am a respectable gentlemen who would never vandalise and believe me , if i'm blocked again i will take legal action against wikipedia . as a barrister in the english legal system i have experience of shutting down such companies such as yours and i will shut you down if you carry on in this way . you have been warned .
0.35297695
i am innocent sir why are you are your colleagues blocking me from wikipedia i am a respectable gentlemen who would never vandalise and believe me if im blocked again i will take legal action against wikipedia as a barrister in the english legal system i have experience of shutting down such companies such as yours and i will shuo you down if you carry on in this way you have been warned 
0.18965709
shut

:: how is it original research ? —
0.018208193
how it it original research — 
0.014497726
is

= = wikipedia is evil = = it is host to the same big political groupthink game that goes on in all of the rest of civilization . it is a battleground for propaganda warfare , a lawless game in which anything can be said as long as its in neutral language even if its a propagandists lie , and even if it exists only to dispute a known fact . it is a place notable mostly for what it conspicuously lacks . there are in general thousands of articles which tell us about as much as a high schooler might , and which then devolve into factoids and rhetoric . the expertise of depth knowledge is missing . no expert would submit themselves to a situation of patent pack psychology informational riot . wikipedia is evil . and you , jimbo wales , are the guy who created it . maybe you should try some formal logic in the mix . maybe this randian environment could use some controls on its chaos vectors . maybe even a realistic and functional methodology for dealing with abuse might be in order . nice graphic box at the top of the page says to go post at the admin desk ,. funny , i tried that , and got less than no result . abusiveness is rampant and the organization is headless . i can tell wikipedia in fifty places what its problems are and how to solve them , but wikipedias nose is in the air , and the god king doesn't seem to read his talk page . what you have here isn't an encyclopedia , and in pretending , all that it offers a legitamate participant over the long term is abuse . the admin desk won't help you if you are being attacked and baited with ad hominems ; they don't even know what one is . they aren't required to pick up any education to become admins ; they come with the standard prole opinion fully intact , and no knowledge to back anything up . good luck with your evil science social sciences project . let me know if you want any help to fix it .
0.22547074
wikipedia is eil it is host to the same big political groupthink game that goes on in all of the rest of civilization it is a battleground for propaganda warfare a lawless game in which anything can be said as long as its in neutral language even if its a propagandists lie and even if it exists only to dispute a known fact it is a place notable mostly for what it conspicuously lacks there are in general thousands of articles which tell us about as much as a high schooler might and which then devolve into factoids and rhetoric the expertise of depth knowledge is missing no expert would submit themselves to a situation of patent pack psychology informational riot wikipedia is evril and you jimbo wales are the guy who created it maybe you should try some formal logic in the mix maybe this randian environment could use some controls on its chaos vectors maybe even a realistic and functional methodology for dealing with abuse might be in order nice graphic box at the top of the page says to go post at the admin desk funny i tried that and got less than no result abusiveness is rampant and the organization is headless i can tell wikipedia in fifty places what its problems are and how to solve them but wikipedias nose is in the air and the god king doesnt seem to read his talk page what you have here isnt an encyclopedia and in pretending all that it offers a legitamate participant over the long term is abuse the admin desk wont help you if you are being attacked and baited with ad hominems they dont even know what one is they arent required to pick up any education to become admins they come with the standard prole opinion fully intact and no knowledge to back anything up good luck with your dvil science social sciences project let me know if you want any help to fix it 
0.16569363
evil

= = i've heard enough . = = now leave me alone . i got your point . crucify me why don't you .
0.5607049
ive heard enough now leave me alone i got your point chucify me why dont you 
0.3725231
crucify

: along the same lines , it would be nice if the program recognized the tawkerbot warnings . i've seen it where a user is listed as have no warnings but actually they have some from tawkerbot .
0.020559
along the same lines it would ke nice if the program recognized the tawkerbot warnings ive seen it where a user is listed as have no warnings but actually they have some from tawkerbot 
0.019834992
be

= = frances hodgson burnett link removal = = hi . i saw the link you removed from the frances hodgson burnett article as spam and read the you left for . i disagree somewhat with what you did and i left a note on the talk page for that article .
0.043554608
frances hodgson burnett link removal hi i saw the link you removed from the frances hodgson burnett article as spam and read the you left for i disagpee somewhat with what you did and i left a note on the talk page for that article 
0.039372154
disagree

= = islamic science = = there's been some discussion previously of the need for an article on the history of islamic science . at present there is a small section of that sort in the article on islamic science . there's a real potential for tension there because two different groups are interested in the topic of islamic science , and these two groups define it in very different ways . i am concerned that the different assumptions of these two groups may lead to unnecessary conflict , which can be avoided by dividing the present article in two . * the article islamic science seems to have been founded by advocates of a modern intellectual movement called islamic science , which seeks to establish the practice of science within a particular set of traditional islamic religious norms . thus the article defines islamic science [ as ] science in the context of traditional religious ideas of islam , including its ethics and philosophy . a muslim engaged in this field is called a muslim scientist . this is not the same as science as conducted by muslims in the secular context ( my emphasis ) . * historians of science , on the other hand , find this definition excessively constraining , since we investigate the ways in which scholars within the islamic world developed scientific ideas through original research and by drawing on and transforming the ideas of their neighbors and predecessors . it really doesn't matter to historians of science whether the particular scientist was muslim ( e.g. , al-khwarizmi ) , sabian ( e.g. , thabit ibn qurra ) , christian ( e.g. , hunain ibn ishaq ) , or jewish ( e.g. , hasdai ibn shaprut ) , whether he advocated strict adherence to muslim traditions ( e.g. al-ghazzali ) or was critical of tradition and open to the ideas of foreign philosophers ( e.g. averroës ) , or whether he worked in a religious or secular context . if he studied natural phenomena and worked within the islamic world , his work fits the historians ' broader definition of islamic science . these contradictory expectations are likely to lead to conflict in two or more different ways : * when historians wish to discuss scholars who don't follow traditional islamic religious norms , while advocates of the modern movement would wish to delete these from the discussion . * when advocates of the modern islamic science movement wish to discuss those modern scholars who contribute to the development of that movement , while historians would wish to delete them as not relevant to the historical development of science in islamic cultures . rather than go this unhappy route , i propose an amicable divorce , removing the section on the history of islamic science ( perhaps renamed history of science in islam ) and making it a separate article under the history of science portal , and leaving the remaining article on islamic science as part of the series of articles on islam .
0.025211822
islamic science theres been some discussion previously of the need for an article on the history of islamic science at present there is a small section of that sort in the article on islamic science theres a real potential for tension there because two different groups are interested in the topic of islamic science and these two groups define it in very different ways i am concerned that the different assumptions of these two groups may lead to unnecessary conflict which can be avoided by dividing the present article in two the article islamic science seems to have been founded by advocates of a modern intellectual movement called islamic science which seeks to establish the practice of science within a particular set of traditional islamic religious norms thus the article defines islamic science as science in the context of traditional religious ideas of islam including its ethics and philosophy a muslim engaged in this field is called a muslim scientist this is not the same as science as conducted by muslims in the secular context my emphasis historians of science on the other hand find this definition excessively constraining since we investigate the ways in which scholars within the islamic world developed scientific ideas through original research and by drawing on and transforming the ideas of their neighbors and predecessors it really doesnt matter to historians of science whether the particular scientist was muslim eg alkhwarizmi sabian eg thabit ibn qurra christian eg hunain ibn ishaq or jewish eg hasdai ibn shaprut whether he advocated strict adherence to muslim traditions eg alghazzali or was critical of tradition and open to the ideas of foreign philosophers eg averroës or whether he worked in a religious or secular context if he studied natural phenomena and worked within the islamic world his work fits the historians broader definition of islamic science these contradictory expectations are likely to lead to conflict in two or more different ways when historians wish to discuss scholars who dont follow traditional islamic religious norms while advocates of the modern movement would wish to delete these from the discussion when advocates of the modern islamic science movement wish to discuss those modern scholars who contribute to the development of that movement while historians would wish to delete them as not relevant to the historical development of science in islamic cultures rather than go this unzappy route i propose an amicable divorce removing the section on the history of islamic science perhaps renamed history of science in islam and making it a separate article under the history of science portal and leaving the remaining article on islamic science as part of the series of articles on islam 
0.01919104
unhappy

that is not a insult . that is a reality , that link is a lint to a racist group . and armenian grow up their children with racism . they send their children to genocide camps and teach them how barbarian turks are making genocide (!) . if you dont believe me please ask an armenian user .
0.5216783
that ius not a insult that i s a reality that link ls a lint to a racist group and armenian grow up their children with racism they send their children to genocide camps and teach them how barbarian turks are making genocide if you dont believe me please ask an armenian user 
0.475547
is

:: hi , zora , thanks for your swift reply . don't worry - it takes more to discourage me and i have too much fun here to just leave this place . as to your reply : i will check out this bollywood and plagiarism article and maybe , i can contribute . yours , truly ,
0.09512728
hi zora thanks for your swift reply dont worry it takes more to discourage me and i have too much fun here to just leave this place as to your reply i will check out this bollywood and plagiarisf article and maybe i can contribute yours truly 
0.0643481
plagiarism

= = excuse me 2 = = are you also warning those that i am interacting with ? i would appreciate an answer !
0.05852942
excuse me 2 mre you also warning those that i am interacting with i would appreciate an answer 
0.025924092
are

= = blocked = = i was blocked by you after a sock puppet person using 3 accounts kept making obvious vandilism changes to an article . they called it blanking a page after i edited out all the crap they had put onto the page . for some reason , none you never even looked at anything on the affected page or talked to anyone about the problem , nor did you ever even try to talk to me , you just ban away . it has been known for a very long time that the user gwernol is a sock puppet . jimbo himself edited the article and told people to only populate the article with factual items . the article had been being picked on by several editors ( sockpuppets ) all matching gwernol's ip address . i removed everything gwernol had written and he comes to you to attempt to block me , and without even talking to me you blocked me . congradulations on failing the wikipedia administration test , i believe you will be removed within the next few days as a wikipedia administrator by jimbo himself , we have been discussing your actions over the last 24 hours . btw , i'd like you to know , your block had no effect on me whatsoever . we have a long and true way to deal with rogue admins and moderators . you are about to see that .
0.412236
blocked i was blocked by you after a sock puppet person using 3 accounts kept making obvious vandilism changes to an article they called it blanking a page after i edited out all the crkp they had put onto the page for some reason none you never even looked at anything on the affected page or talked to anyone about the problem nor did you ever even try to talk to me you just ban away it has been known for a very long time that the user gwernol is a sock puppet jimbo himself edited the article and told people to only populate the article with factual items the article had been being picked on by several editors sockpuppets all matching gwernols ip address i removed everything gwernol had written and he comes to you to attempt to block me and without even talking to me you blocked me congradulations on failing the wikipedia administration test i believe you will be removed within the next few days as a wikipedia administrator by jimbo himself we have been discussing your actions over the last 24 hours btw id like you to know your block had no effect on me whatsoever we have a long and true way to deal with rogue admins and moderators you are about to see that 
0.2936877
crap

= = no books = = none of her book are listed by the library of congress at all http://catalog.loc.gov/cgi-bin/pwebrecon.cgi?search_arg=stephanie+adams&search;_code=tall&pid;=11203&seq;=20060527041220&cnt;=25&hist;=1 none
0.062201325
no books non of her book are listed by the library of congress at all httpcataloglocgovcgibinpwebreconcgisearchargstephanieadamssearchcodetallpid11203seq20060527041220cnt25hist1 zone 
0.019215643
none

we got married in sweden in 1982 . i was a uk national and my wife hungarian . we had to satisfy the authorities that the laws of our respective countries did not stop us marrying . so the reference to this was a result of an order from the ministry for foreign affairs ( utrikesdepartementet ) , saying that a hague convention of 1902 required its signatories to enforce other countries ' marriage laws on those countries ' citizens . seems to have still then been in force .
0.0145502305
we got married in sweden in 1982 i was a uk national and my wife hungarian we had to satisfy the authorities that the laws of our respective countries did not sthp us marrying so the reference to this was a result of an order from the ministry for foreign affairs utrikesdepartementet saying that a hague convention of 1902 required its signatories to enforce other countries marriage laws on those countries citizens seems to have still then been in force 
0.013696606
stop

