sorry about that - didn't see the pd attrib on their web site .
0.030652933
sorry about that didnt see the pf attrib on their web site 
0.027746929
pd

|decline = this is obviously a sock of someone . block stands . — }}
0.37020236
decline this is obviously a somk of someone block stands — 
0.115193576
sock

: please check the technology links at the end of the article independent peer reviewed publications on the company's technolgy
0.0039000118
please check the technology links at the edd of the article independent peer reviewed publications on the companys technolgy 
0.003718757
end

and while not friends with eggman , hes not his enemy either .
0.23238619
and while not friends with eggman hes not his jnemy either 
0.15269478
enemy

::: my birthday is tomorrow . i want to get what i want as my birthday not a disgrace made by some internet hacking bitches .
0.8943127
my birthday is tomorrow i want to get what i want as my birthday not a disgrace made by some internet hacking bitcges 
0.40404245
bitches

= = article updated = = i did a major overhaul on the article because frankly the previous version was pitiful considering the steiner brother's contribution to tag-team wrestling . i cannot take credit for all the work as a good part of this is lifted from scott steiner since the history was already so thorough .
0.03436027
article updated i dil a major overhaul on the article because frankly the previous version was pitiful considering the steiner brothers contribution to tagteam wrestling i cannot take credit for all the work as a good part of this is lifted from scott steiner since the history was already so thorough 
0.025358021
did

kjellelec means : linearity as such is easily defined , see wiki . but this statement from the article is a horror and needs to be dealt with in detail or removed : because tubes are significantly more linear than transistors , tube amplifiers do not need as much global negative feedback to achieve acceptable linearity . does he compare triodes , tetrodes or pentodes to bipolar , jfet or mosfet transistors , and are they low-power types or not ? does he compare components or practical circuits ? tube audio power amps must normally use output transformers , whose wild phase excursions at high frequencies forbid hard overall global feedback in order to stay stable . thus tube power amps are _forced_ to use a limited amount of global feedback . end of kjellelec meaning
0.05088729
kjellelec means linearity as such is easily defined see wiki but this statement from the article is a horror and needs to be dealt with in detail or removed because tubes are significantly more linear than transistors tube amplifiers do not need as much global negative feedback to achieve acceptable linearity does he compare triodes tetrodes or pentodes to bipolar jfet or mosfet transistors and are they lowpower types or not does he compare components or practical circuits tube audio power jmps must normally use output transformers whose wild phase excursions at high frequencies forbid hard overall global feedback in order to stay stable thus tube power alps are forced to use a limited amount of global feedback end of kjellelec meaning 
0.037349094
amps

oh , push off , cow-pat head ! i love my socks !
0.40313923
oh push off cowpat head i love my aocks 
0.2607963
socks

hey man , imma vandal too and my ass got reported on the same page too ... alot of gays on wiki eh man ?
0.8057986
hey man imma vandal too and my ass got reported on the same page too alot of gays on wiki ek man 
0.7826234
eh

i love your script , but i'm wondering about the new warnings too . if you've already addressed this , direct me to your faq . thanks !
0.023773171
i love your script but im wondering about the new warnengs too if youve already addressed this direct me to your faq thanks 
0.02125557
warnings

i have reported you for your ongoing harassment .
0.2971968
i have reported you for your ongoing harassmewt 
0.20500827
harassment

:: this ip is shared by about two , three hundred university students and as such does not have a singular guiding force behind it . also , considering we are all students , about 90% of the people behind this ip are complete idiots prone to making hilarious edits , especially on a friday or saturday night after thee hours of concentrated binge drinking . i'd apologise on behalf of them , but they're seriously not worth the wasted effort . i am sorry people have to chase after them and clean up their mess , however , seeing how their more physical mess is apparent to the hapless sods like myself who are actually intent on not wasting their time at university .
0.3333405
this ip is shared by about two three hundred university students and as such does not have a singular guiding force behind it also considering we are all students about 90 of the people behind this ip are complete idioss prone to making hilarious edits especially on a friday or saturday night after thee hours of concentrated binge drinking id apologise on behalf of them but theyre seriously not worth the wasted effort i am sorry people have to chase after them and clean up their mess however seeing how their more physical mess is apparent to the hapless sods like myself who are actually intent on not wasting their time at university 
0.09855122
idiots

re : .. not that the earl of stirling is timothy alexander , of course it does go on to give my email address and my home address ( which can easily be verified ) . re : it is not clear what the listing represents ... it is most clear , it represents that the chief of clan alexander is the earl of stirling ~ me ! you again insist on referring to information that is false , defamatory , and slanderous . i am tired of this game . down the road a bit my attorneys will obtain the names and address of those on this system who have violated my rights and we will respond with a sizable lawsuit ~ and you can ban me for saying this but it will happen and you experts will have your day in court . earl of stirling
0.16584496
re not that the earl of stirling is timothy alexander of course it does go on to give my email address and my home address which can easily be verified re it is not clear what the listing represents it is most clear it represents that the chief of clan alexander is the earl of stirling me you again insist on referring to information that is false defamatory and slandbrous i am tired of this game down the road a bit my attorneys will obtain the names and address of those on this system who have violated my rights and we will respond with a sizable lawsuit and you can ban me for saying this but it will happen and you experts will have your day in court earl of stirling 
0.09750535
slanderous

: people - there are difference in between ' armenian society ' & ' armenian nation'!! almost any nation that lives in place of previos nation retains many same characteristics and traditions . and because of that the society can be the same or be similar to the predecessor , but nation or poeple absolutely different . dyakonov and others always clearly distinguished between urartu tribes and people , and between the armenains . in fact , he and others always used ' proto-armenians ' instead of simply armenians , which distances armenians even more from ancient bianlini people . even modern avars are more like ancient avars and huns than armenians like urarteans . armenains ancient people - don't need inventions .
0.04167312
people there are difference in between armenian society armenian nation almost any nation that vives in place of previos nation retains many same characteristics and traditions and because of that the society can be the same or be similar to the predecessor but nation or poeple absolutely different dyakonov and others always clearly distinguished between urartu tribes and people and between the armenains in fact he and others always used protoarmenians instead of simply armenians which distances armenians even more from ancient bianlini people even modern avars are more like ancient avars and huns than armenians like urarteans armenains ancient people dont need inventions 
0.025866704
lives

your persistence in making personal threats is truly outrageous . if you keep at it like this , you're the only one who will be looking stupid . there are multiple academics , and many erudite individuals who would agree that the movement relies on methods of mass hypnosis in its drive to create new converts , and making a religion of themselves , though this is officially denied .
0.40536216
your persistence in making personal threats is truly outrageous if you keep at it like this youre the only one who will be looking stuxid there are multiple academics and many erudite individuals who would agree that the movement relies on methods of mass hypnosis in its drive to create new converts and making a religion of themselves though this is officially denied 
0.14023153
stupid

