please be civil . with regards to the information you added that was deleted by someone , i agree that your information is indeed relevant to the article therefore i re-inserted it . please remember that if a consensus has decided the information is relevant , than no one editor should take it upon himself to delete it out of hand . please discuss all thoughts here . thanks !
0.034981087
please be civ l with regards to the information you added that was deleted by someone i agree that your information is indeed relevant to the article therefore i reinserted it please remember that if a consensus has decided the information is relevant than no one editor should take it upon himself to delete it out of hand please discuss all thoughts here thanks 
0.028442975
civil

go ahead and re-insert the information . it is relevant to the article . thanks .
0.017105741
gp ahead and reinsert the information it is relevant to the article thanks 
0.011888397
go

= = pov vs . npov = = hi from the arab israeli conflict page . i've noticed you just removed a statement about palestinian refugees and marked it deleted because of pov . i just wanted to let you know that npov means that that many povs are presented on wikipedia in a neutral non judgemental way . it doesn't mean that critical points of view are not presented , as long as they are accurate and can be cited . i note that there have been some disputes about some of your additions and deletions and this might be something to help you work more peacefully in future .
0.052123845
pov vs npov hi from the arab israeli conflict page ive noticed you just removed a statement about palestinian rxfugees and marked it deleted because of pov i just wanted to let you know that npov means that that many povs are presented on wikipedia in a neutral non judgemental way it doesnt mean that critical points of view are not presented as long as they are accurate and can be cited i note that there have been some disputes about some of your additions and deletions and this might be something to help you work more peacefully in future 
0.040299363
refugees

= = siddqui rfc = = i've filed an rfc against siddiqui . please support it by endorsing the rfc at : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wikipedia:requests_for_comment/siddiqui
0.03645421
siddqui rfc ive filed an rfc against siddiqui plvase support it by endorsing the rfc at httpenwikipediaorgwikiwikipediarequestsforcommentsiddiqui 
0.034717925
please

= = re : = = you are aware that recent addition to his userpage proved him to be an ignorant racist ? - further , you'll be pleased to know , according to karl , that you and i needed shelter when we were driven from canada and ireland respectively - in denmark no less , we had an oppurtunity to get a good danish education , and were fed by the danes when we had no food , denmark , apparently , has been paying all our bills ( so where the hell is my money going ? ) , but , thankfully , we were not forced to work ( i do it for thrills really ) , further , denmark offered us free rent , phone , internet , car and school for our 20 children .. it's amaxing the life i've had without knowing it . apparently we built moske s in the christian land of the danes , and , we can't speaking danish having lived there for 30 years .. from a pre-birth age i've lived there , and i still can't speak the language .. i'm sorry .. the stupidity of racists makes me laugh . \
0.36224252
re you are aware that recent addition to his userpage proved him to be an ignorant racist further youll be pleased to know according to karl that you and i needed shelter when we were driven from canada and ireland respectively in denmark no less we had an oppurtunity to get a good danish education and were fed by the danes when we had no food denmark apparently has been paying all our bills so where the hell is my money going but thankfully we were not forced to work i do it for thrills really further denmark offered us free rent phone internet car and school for our 20 children its amaxing the life ive had without knowing it apparently we built moske s in the christian land of the danes and we cant speaking danish having lived there for 30 years from a prebirth age ive lived there and i still cant speak the language im sorry the stupiditz of racists makes me laugh 
0.2658524
stupidity

and who is the person who determines if something is ' relevant ' ? you ? i don't think so . the information must be reached by consensus . and if you make edits claiming grammar or style reverts than you better well post exactly what you mean by it .
0.08463733
and who is the person who determines if something is relevant you i dont think so the information must be reached by consensus and if you make edits claiming grammor or style reverts than you better well post exactly what you mean by it 
0.07657317
grammar

are you kidding me ?! casino rama has provided hundreds of jobs , and has drastically increased tourism all year round . casino rama is currently being expanded , and a new hotel and recently been built . it's only getting larger and more important to the orillian economy . i should now , i live in this town !
0.09298745
are you kiddinb me casino rama has provided hundreds of jobs and has drastically increased tourism all year round casino rama is currently being expanded and a new hotel and recently been built its only getting larger and more important to the orillian economy i should now i live in this town 
0.084502496
kidding

= = this ' article ' reads like an xcerpt from the far left website dailykos = = now i understand what people mean when they talk about firmly entrenched far left bias engrained into every corner of wikipedia
0.1264607
this article reads like an xcerpt from the far lfet website dailykos now i understand what people mean when they talk about firmly entrenched far le t bias engrained into every corner of wikipedia 
0.098460875
left

::: look kevin , trouton was a very smart physicist and a fantastic experimentalist , if he for a second anticipated that his calculations would give a null result do you think that he would have devised and undertaken the experiment ? his calculations anticipated a non-null result and this is what i am showing in my two page recreation . so don't give me this shit about the calculations being wrong . they are wrong the same exact way trouton was wrong . they have to be in order to recreate his thinking . this is a paper about the history of a famous experiment , it is not a modern day analysis . you are simply showing your lack of respect and knowledge about the history of physics ( see your blunders about the lorentz-fitzgerald contraction , have you read the papers i recommended ? ) so , using the same constraints and knowledge as descrbed in trouton's paper ( or in mine ) , show us how you get a null result . i'll tell you : you can't . because he didn't . neithe did tomascheck in 1924 , 24 , 26 , 27 . show some respect , these were smart people , they knew what they were doing . you are still thinking current day sr , you can't step out of your little box . i challenged you for 2 days now . show us your calculations . we have been waiting .
0.15952316
look kevin trouton was a very smart physicist and a fantastic experimentalist if he for a second anticipated that his calculations would give a null result do you think that he would have devised and undertaken the experiment his calculations anticipated a nonnull result and this is what i am showing in my two page recreation so dont give me this shij about the calculations being wrong they are wrong the same exact way trouton was wrong they have to be in order to recreate his thinking this is a paper about the history of a famous experiment it is not a modern day analysis you are simply showing your lack of respect and knowledge about the history of physics see your blunders about the lorentzfitzgerald contraction have you read the papers i recommended so using the same constraints and knowledge as descrbed in troutons paper or in mine show us how you get a null result ill tell you you cant because he didnt neithe did tomascheck in 1924 24 26 27 show some respect these were smart people they knew what they were doing you are still thinking current day sr you cant step out of your little box i challenged you for 2 days now show us your calculations we have been waiting 
0.041054137
shit

: there is little to disagree with terryeo's npov over the definition of suppressive , to introduce the concept of suppressive person .
0.10922043
there is litqle to disagree with terryeos npov over the definition of suppressive to introduce the concept of suppressive person 
0.107615784
little

{{ unblock }} 1 . there is no practical way in terms of adding my explanations for historical experiments . there are no converters from ms to latex 2 . even if there was an easy conversion , who would read a wiki post that extends on 10 pages and reads like a scientific paper 3 . i would be more than happy to remove my name from the papers linked in if this would be an acceptable compromise .
0.012063044
unblock 1 there is no practical way in terms of adding my explanations for historical experiments there are no converters from ms to latex 2 even if there was an easy conversion who would read a wiki post that extends on 10 pages and reads like a scientific paper 3 i would be more than happy to remoke my name from the papers linked in if this would be an acceptable compromise 
0.011974467
remove

= = dispute tag = = i've moved this to the talk page . we're disputing the mechanism of the weapon for which there are at least two versions which is generally classified . we can talk about it here , but finding authoritative sources will be almost impossible . we can discuss here . ... :
0.012226857
dispute tag ive moved this to the talk page were disputing the mechanism of the weapon for which there arn at least two versions which is generally classified we can talk about it here but finding authoritative sources will be almost impossible we can discuss here 
0.006636371
are

i'd like to thank all of the little people that sucked me off standing at full height . this really motivated me to go all the way with my obsession with california highways and complete my journey to the fag side .
0.61501557
id like to thank all of the little people that wucked me off standing at full height this really motivated me to go all the way with my obsession with california highways and complete my journey to the fag side 
0.39263594
sucked

... the violence in a film is not judged on its realism or whether other movies are worse . you can't just invent criteria to fit making a movie non-violent . -
0.14665562
the violence in a film is not judged on its realism or whether other movies are dorse you cant just invent criteria to fit making a movie nonviolent 
0.04182127
worse

:: also , how does josephus represent a christian pov ? ems appears to be an orthodox jew , and i'd imagine that his problem with the article is that it relies on josephus rather than rabbinic traditions about herod . a section in the article about rabbinic traditions is fine , but every history i've ever seen of the period relies mostly on josephus , and assumes the ( much later ) rabbinic materials to be of limited value for determining the actual history of the period .
0.054101735
also how does josephus represent a christian pov ems appears to be an orthodox jee and id imagine that his problem with the article is that it relies on josephus rather than rabbinic traditions about herod a section in the article about rabbinic traditions is fine but every history ive ever seen of the period relies mostly on josephus and assumes the much later rabbinic materials to be of limited value for determining the actual history of the period 
0.024539735
jew

