= = gross misinformation = = look : i don't care where you took this chart from , remember well : bulgarian has six vowels , six , six , six and not eight . there are four other allophones ( two between a and @ and two between o and u ) , which appear in unstressed syllables depending on the position of the unstressed syllable to the stressed syllable within a certain word . if you are posting also allophones and not only phonemes ( the reasonable question is why you are doing this but we'll deal with this some other time ) , then the vowel chart should include all ten of them and not only eight with information which is an allophone and which is a phoneme . but you don't know that , do you ? then we get to another reasonable question : why do you think that you can erase the whole vowel section with the vowel descriptions ? ha ? so : you post a chart which is wrong and then you erase a section which is right . what the hell are you doing ? i am getting tired of non-experts who read something somewhere and then come and try to wreak havoc on articles which they understand nothing about . a couple of months ago , one user was trying to change the article bulgaria because he had read that the bulgarians were descendants of the shumers . in two words , your edit is pretty much of the same value and worth . for the phonetics section here , i've used the routledge compendium on slavic languages ( 1991 ) and the newest bulgarian edition of new bulgarian - phonetics , grammar and syntax . please , consult any book on bulgarian phonetics before you come again with this vowel chart .
0.14437473
gross misinformation look i dont care where you took this chart from remember well bulgarian has six vowels six six six and not eight there are four other allophones two between a and and two between o and u which appear in unstressed syllables depending on the position of the unstressed syllable to the stressed syllable within a certain word if you are posting also allophones and not only phonemes the reasonable question is why you are doing this but well deal with this some other time then the vowel chart should include all ten of them and not only eight with information which is an allophone and which is a phoneme but you dont know that do you then we get to another reasonable question why do you think that you can erase the whole vowel section with the vowel descriptions ha so you post a chart which is wrong and then you erase a section which is right what the  ell are you doing i am getting tired of nonexperts who read something somewhere and then come and try to wreak havoc on articles which they understand nothing about a couple of months ago one user was trying to change the article bulgaria because he had read that the bulgarians were descendants of the shumers in two words your edit is pretty much of the same value and worth for the phonetics section here ive used the routledge compendium on slavic languages 1991 and the newest bulgarian edition of new bulgarian phonetics grammar and syntax please consult any book on bulgarian phonetics before you come again with this vowel chart 
0.07529089
hell

and then create katyn , with link on stalin page and email me , also sign what ? the bottom line is , i can not believe how this english wikipedia is full of errors ... and with stalin , what do i care what he used , it's official ... reply dude , i believe you emailed us , why are you wasting our time here , especially when we want to do what is right , not to have everythign deleted , vandal , because you change everything and have no respect for our time ok ... and since you are an administrator or know one , we should work together before we post something here , but since you can not do it , you deserve these words ...
0.28708103
and then create katyn with link on stalin page and email me also sign what the bottom line is i can not believe how this english wikipedia is full of errors and with stalin what do i care what he used its official reply dude i believe you emailed us why are you wajting our time here especially when we want to do what is right not to have everythign deleted vandal because you change everything and have no respect for our time ok and since you are an administrator or know one we should work together before we post something here but since you can not do it you deserve these words 
0.26976752
wasting

= bison hair = no bigfoot researcher made any big deal of this , since the hairs were not yet tested . if you have questions on suhc things , ask beckjord , who is here . the best hair analysis was done by three scientists , and no further need have been done . http://www.beckjord.com/bigfoot/bloodandhair.html current hair analysis , a waste of tiome now , imho , is done by dr henner fahrenbach . in light of the statements of dr michio kaku , ccny physics , and cuny , saying ufos may come here via wormholes , an idea i sent him a year ago , ( said it on tv - abc . ) it would seem that hairy humanoids __could be__ temporary visitors and dna only proves they were humanoid at that time . dna was obtained by la state researchers several years back , they claim . ( james lansdale . ) just because a newspaper makes a big deal of possible hairs of bf that later are buffalo , does not mean we need to make a big deal . being verified as source , does not mean truth . some sources lie . beckjord
0.08148572
bison hair no bigfoot researcher made any big deal of this since the hairs were not yet tested if you have questions on suhc things ask beckjord who is here the best hair analysis was done by three scientists and no further need have been done httpwwwbeckjordcombigfootbloodandhairhtml current hair analysis a wasre of tiome now imho is done by dr henner fahrenbach in light of the statements of dr michio kaku ccny physics and cuny saying ufos may come here via wormholes an idea i sent him a year ago said it on tv abc it would seem that hairy humanoids could be temporary visitors and dna only proves they were humanoid at that time dna was obtained by la state researchers several years back they claim james lansdale just because a newspaper makes a big deal of possible hairs of bf that later are buffalo does not mean we need to make a big deal being verified as source does not mean truth some sources lie beckjord 
0.062509805
waste

= = thanks ! = = {| style = border-top : 1px solid grey ; border-right : 1px solid grey ; border-bottom : 2px solid grey ; border-left : 1px solid grey ; background-color : #a1e794 ; font-family : verdana ; font-size : 12px ; | |greetings rd232 , i wish to offer my gratitude supporting me on my recent nomination for adminship , which passed with the final tally of 65/4/3 . if you would ever desire my assistance in anything , or wish to give me feedback on any actions i take , . cheers ! ! ) |}
0.013588087
thanks style bordertop 1px solid grey borderright 1px solid grey borderbottom 2px solid grey borderleft 1px solid grey backgroundcolor a1e794 fontfamily verdana fontsize 12px greetings rd23p i wish to offer my gratitude supporting me on my recent nomination for adminship which passed with the final tally of 6543 if you would ever desire my assistance in anything or wish to give me feedback on any actions i take cheers 
0.0098383855
rd232

= = next steps in a arbcom = = hello . i thank you for your welcome when i subscribe to wiki . the page about 1948 war until decision of the arbitrary commission . i have a question what are next steps for this commission ? thank yoiu . nb i don't have found words to make fun but will found for next time ;) . je peux toujours essayer en français éventuellement ...
0.020410419
next steps in a arbcom hello i thank you for your welcome when i subscribe to wiki the page about 1948 war until decision of the arbitraay commission i have a question what are next steps for this commission thank yoiu nb i dont have found words to make fun but will found for next time je peux toujours essayer en français éventuellement 
0.016163955
arbitrary

= = naji al-ali = = hi ian , i noticed you changed the date of birth cited on this page to 1938 . what is your source for that ? i'm wondering because the arabic wikipedia article , which this page started as a translation from , cites his year of birth as 1937 , while a book i have about him - the one referenced in the article - cites it as 1936 . what the book says in a footnote on the subject is sulaiman al-shaikh - the caricature artist naji al-ali - in the kuwaiti magazine al- arabi , no . 297 , august 1983 . naji al- ali saw this date and did not raise any objection . while the book is certainly not academic , it's also worth noting that amongst those thanked by the author is khalid al- ali , the artist's son . on the other hand , on this page naji al ali himself is quoted as saying i was born where christ was born : between tiberias and nazareth in the village of al-shahra in the northern galilee , and i was expelled from there ten years later in 1948 to ain al-hilwe camp in lebanon . however , the same site also bases its short biography of naji al- ali on the book i used , and gives the year 1936 for his birth accordingly . unless you have a solid source , i think we may have to leave it as unknown . by the way , that site also shows a pretty cool pflp poster about his assassination , i wonder could we get permission to use it ... all the best , |
0.026845321
naji alali hi ian i noticed you changed the date of birth cited on this page to 1938 what is your source for that im wondering because the arabic wikipedia article which this page started as a translation from cites his year of birth as 1937 while a book i have about him the one referenced in the article cites it as 1936 what the book says in a footnote on the subject is sulaiman alshaikh the caricature artist naji alali in the kuwaiti magazine al arabi no 297 august 1983 naji al ali saw this date and did not raise any objection while the book is certainly not academic its also worth noting that amongst those thanked by the author is khalid al ali the artists son on the other hand on this page naji al ali himself is quoted as saying i was born where christ was born between tiberias and nazareth in the village of alshahra in the northern galilee and i was expelled from there ten years later in 1948 to ain alhilwe camp in lebanon however the same site also bases its short biography of naji al ali on the book i used and gives the year 1936 for his birth accordingly unless you have a solid source i think we may have to leave it as unknown by the way that site also shows a pretty cool pflp poster about his asstssination i wonder could we get permission to use it all the best 
0.013921127
assassination

:::::: great difference between let's say jmabel and mikka , jmabel had never used block function and still he is a great contributor to wiki and mikka like gigi duru who used blocking function ( applied to pages and users as well ) to push his pov fork . yes , ask me about the translation ... :)
0.04816363
great difference between lets say jmabel and mikka jmabel had never used block function and still he is a great contributor to wiki and mikka like gigi duru who used blocking function applied to pages and users as well to push his pov forw yes ask me about the translation 
0.034991786
fork

january 2006 ( utc ) # 14 centrifugal force : 2 citations 06:23 , 4
0.009806686
january 2006 gtc 14 centrifugal force 2 citations 0623 4 
0.005449311
utc

= = blocking = = user : peter isotalo keeps placing a vowel chart in bulgarian language , which has nothing to do with the bulgarian language . the bulgarian language has six vowel phonemes (+ 4 allophones , in all 10 ) , the chart has 8 vowels - which are all supposed to be phonemes . i have included one of the sources which i have used during writing the article ( the english one ) , later today it will be followed by the bulgarian one , which is the latest edition on the bulgarian language by the bulgarian academy of science . both sources confirm what i say whereas the vowel chart ( which is completely wrong ) has an unknown origin as it has not been made by the user who keeps putting it in . i have reverted again the article because the vowel chart is wrong , on top of it , it has an unknown origin . you can re-block me again but sooner or later i'll get de-blocked and there are also other administrators to contact , and i'll pursue my case until the vowel chart gets expunged from the article or gets corrected accordingly . have a good day .
0.041438505
blocking user peter isotalo keeps placing a vowel chart in bulgarian language which has nothing to do with the bulgarian language the bulgarian language has six vowel phonemes 4 allophones in all 10 the chart has 8 vowels which are all supposed to be phonemes i have included one of the sources which i have used during writing the article the english one later today it will be followed by the bulgarian one which is the latest edition on the bulgarian language by the bulgarian academy of science both sources confirm what i say whereas the vowel chart which is completely wrong has an unknown origin as it has not been made by the user who keeps putting it in i have reverted again the article because the vowel chart is wrong on top of it it has an unknown origin you can reblock me again but sooner or later ill get deblocked and there are also other administrators to contact and ill pursue my case until the vowel chart gets exvunged from the article or gets corrected accordingly have a good day 
0.025962103
expunged

:: the previous format of the page provides a better insight into the problem , you haven't explained yet why the categorisation of the different uses of the term is necessarily something bad . the pov/nationalist fights have nothing to do with the format of the article , they'll continue in this format , as well . you have erased half the entries on top of it - the ones from the geographical section .
0.07705311
the previous format of the page provides a better insight into the problem you havent explained yet why the categorisation of the different uses of the term is necessarily something bed the povnationalist fights have nothing to do with the format of the article theyll continue in this format as well you have erased half the entries on top of it the ones from the geographical section 
0.054971952
bad

= = over 30 = = over30club is more for cs and dod rather than planetside but your still more than welcome to join us
0.08511514
over 30 over30club ip more for cs and dod rather than planetside but your still more than welcome to join us 
0.0788975
is

= = fuck you . = = you cant block me . i change mi ip every 5 sec .
0.9748951
fucz you you cant block me i change mi ip every 5 sec 
0.3501805
fuck

this message is regarding the page clone weaponry . please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox .
0.1630867
this message i s regarding the page clone weaponry please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia it ix considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox 
0.15779623
is

