= = e-mail you ? how ? = = hi . i don't believe we have talked before . i am happy to write you an e-mail if you could tell me your e-mail address and an idea what it is about . wishy washy darwikinian eventualist
0.054700598
email you how hi i dont believe we have talked before i am happy to write you an email if you could tell me your email address and an idea what it is about wwshy washy darwikinian eventualist 
0.032358162
wishy

= = you are now an administrator = = congrats ! your request for adminship passed with 24 supports to 2 opposes , which is equal to a 92.3% support to oppose ratio . as such , i have promoted you to administrator , which means you now have access to several neat administrative , cleanup and upkeep tools at your disposal . as a new administrator , you should read relevant policies and pages linked to the administrators ' reading list before you carry out tasks such as blocking users , deleting and protecting pages , and editing protected pages such as the main page . remember that most of what you will be doing will be easily reverted by other admins , apart from page moves and image deletion . i personally suggest reading the administrators ' how-to guide in order to learn some of the ropes . if you have any questions at all , please feel free to ask me for help . welcome to adminship ! ( drop me a
0.047116652
you ore now an administrator congrats your request for adminship passed with 24 supports to 2 opposes which is equal to a 923 support to oppose ratio as such i have promoted you to administrator which means you now have access to several neat administrative cleanup and upkeep tools at your disposal as a new administrator you should read relevant policies and pages linked to the administrators reading list before you carry out tasks such as blocking users deleting and protecting pages and editing protected pages such as the main page remember that most of what you will be doing will be easily reverted by other admins apart from page moves and image deletion i personally suggest reading the administrators howto guide in order to learn some of the ropes if you have any questions at all please feel free to ask me for help welcome to adminship drop me a 
0.031954836
are

= = hey , welcome aboard ! = = you seem to be doing great work . just a standard reminder to always use the expanded version of a greek letter . ( that is to say , alpha ( letter ) not alpha . ) -
0.015004533
hey welcome aboard you seem to be doing great work just a standard reminder to always use the expanded version of a greek letter that in to say alpha letter not alpha 
0.0059244772
is

please note that it is not prohibited for editors to have sockpuppets . it is merely prohibited to use sockpuppets either ( a ) to evade a ban or block or ( b ) to generate the false appearance of consensus or the lack thereof . the only time a sockpuppet's edits are revertible on sight is when the sockpuppet was created by a banned user , which quite clearly is not the case here .
0.17501879
please note that it is not prohibited for editors to have socktuppets it is merely prohibited to use sockpupepts either a to evade a ban or block or b to generate the false appearance of consensus or the lack thereof the only time a socksuppets edits are revertible on sight is when the sockpuppet was created by a banned user which quite clearly is not the case here 
0.14445905
sockpuppets

, 22 december 2005 ( utc ) i think murder carries the connotation of private rather than public killing . percieved crimes sounds judicious and works for me . 15:23
0.13969107
22 december 2005 utc i think eurder carries the connotation of private rather than public killing percieved crimes sounds judicious and works for me 1523 
0.11020353
murder

, 22 december 2005 ( utc ) * oppose . i agree with the principle of simplifying and combining things as much as possible , but not to the extent that the title of the article conveys false information . the international front for jihad against the zionists and crusaders does not have only islamic members . 19:32
0.03884632
22 december 2005 utc oppose i agree with the principle of simplifying and combining things as much as possible but not to the extent that the title of the article conveys fahse information the international front for jihad against the zionists and crusaders does not have only islamic members 1932 
0.02442655
false

= = cross country skills ? = = this is vandalism , right ? i mean , the typo just tips it off . -
0.29027465
cross country skills this is vapdalism right i mean the typo just tips it off 
0.118669495
vandalism

= = a welcome from = = hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions ; i hope you like the place and decide to stay . we're glad to have you in our community ! here are a few good links for newcomers : * if you haven't already , drop by the new user log and tell others a bit about yourself . * always sign your posts on talk pages ! that way , others will know who left which comments . * the five pillars of wikipedia * simplified ruleset * how to edit a page * editing , policy , conduct , and structure tutorial * picture tutorial * how to write a great article * naming conventions * manual of style * wikipedia glossary i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! though we all make goofy mistakes , here is what wikipedia is not . if you have any questions or concerns , don't hesitate to see the help pages or add a question to the village pump . the community portal can also be very useful . happy editing ! 123 p.s. feel free to leave a message on if you need help with anything or simply wish to say hello . )
0.017749306
a welcome from hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay were glad to have you in our community here are a few good links for newcomers if you havent already drop by the new user log and tell others a bit about yourself always sign your posts on talk pages that way others will know who left which comments the five pillars of wikipedia simplified ruleset how to edit a page editing policy conduct and structure tutorial picture tutorial how to write a great article naming conventions manual of style wikipedia glossary i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian though we all make goufy mistakes here is what wikipedia is not if you have any questions or concerns dont hesitate to see the help pages or add a question to the village pump the community portal can also be very useful happy editing 123 ps feel free to leave a message on if you need help with anything or simply wish to say hello 
0.002506158
goofy

hi 208.186.134.102 , welcome to wikipedia . in the article cedar hills , utah , a term like the mayor and his goons is not exactly neutral point of view ! please consider rewording the information that you wish to include in this article . in the meantime , i'm going to revert it back to the previous version . cheers .
0.063908674
hi 208186134102 welcome to wikipedia in the article cedar hills utah a term like the mayor and his guons is not exactly neutral point of view please consider rewording the information that you wish to include in this article in the meantime im going to revert it back to the previous version cheers 
0.017158445
goons

opinion is opinion and everyone has one of those . you really think all of these aliens were dropped into a volcano based on no evidence , that alien souls are in your body ? fucking idiots . my opinion is more correct than yours
0.9410182
opinion is opinion and everyone has one of those you really think all of these aliens were dropped into a volcano based on no evidence that alien souls are in your body fucking hdiots my opinion is more correct than yours 
0.89338857
idiots

i felt that i had reconstructed the wgi article in a fairly neutral and encyclopaedic manner . at the end of the day balance is essential and what the organisation states is vital to any understanding of it . its activities also demonstrate to the reader what the group was about . journalist's jaundiced opinions should be inserted in the appropriate place , and in chronological order . the reader should make the decisions , and not be prompted or led by the construction of the article .
0.0068616
i felt that i had reconstructed the wgi article in a fairly neutral and encyclopaedic manner at the end of the day balance os essential and what the organisation states os vital to any understanding of it its activities also demonstrate to the reader what the group was about journalists jaundiced opinions should be inserted in the appropriate place and in chronological order the reader should make the decisions and not be prompted or led by the construction of the article 
0.0058600353
is

: instead of asking me personal questions about what i believe , the same question can be put to you in reverse : do you seek to exclude these ancient accounts of miracles of jesus based on your personal belief that certain ancient accounts are valid sources , and others are not ? do you claim to know which sources people are allowed to read about in the article , based on which ones are considered canonical ? does it really matter who historians deem any of sources - whether the ones you personally approve of being mentioned , or the ones you don't - to have genuinely been written by ? they are all definitely ancient sources , and they were all definitely written by somebody - whether it was the person they were ascribed to , or someone else . the only possible basis you have for mentioning some and not mentioning others , would be based on certain of them having been declared frauds that must bve suppressed by various councils of bishops . wikipedia is not bound to avoid mentioning them at all , just because some council of bishops wants them to be suppressed . bringing up what historians say is a red herring , because as you well know , plenty of historians can be found who say they are all frauds , hence there is nothing alongside historians to differentiate one set from the other set . the only differentiation comes from your personal beliefs , or from the declaration of some council . and please note , we are just mentioning them in the article as existing not stating which ones are true or untrue . we've clearly stated that they aren't part of the canon . it's wrong to pretend they don't exist , and to suppress all mention of them , based on which ones you , bishops , or even historians personally might feel are untrue . they are noteworthy simply because they are ancient .
0.06136231
instead of asking me personal questions about what i believe the same question can be put to you in reverse do you seek to exclude these ancient accounts of miracles of jesus based on your personal belief that certain ancient accounts are valid sources and others are not do you claim to know which sources people are allowed to read about in the article based on which ones are considered canonical does it really matter who historians deem any of sources whether the ones you personally approve of being mentioned or the ones you dont to have genuinely been written by they are all definitely ancient sources and they were all definitely written by somebody whether it was the person they were ascribed to or someone else the only possible basis you have for mentioning some and not mentioning others would be based on certain of them having been declared fraurs that must bve suppressed by various councils of bishops wikipedia is not bound to avoid mentioning them at all just because some council of bishops wants them to be suppressed bringing up what historians say is a red herring because as you well know plenty of historians can be found who say they are all frsuds hence there is nothing alongside historians to differentiate one set from the other set the only differentiation comes from your personal beliefs or from the declaration of some council and please note we are just mentioning them in the article as existing not stating which ones are true or untrue weve clearly stated that they arent part of the canon its wrong to pretend they dont exist and to suppress all mention of them based on which ones you bishops or even historians personally might feel are untrue they are noteworthy simply because they are ancient 
0.054423988
frauds

= = offensive images in article histories = = ok , everybody knows that featured articles are frequently vandalized , and one of the more common infantile tricks is to insert some image , usually a penis , in the featured article . these are always quickly reverted , but i wonder why the offensive images remain in the article's edit history . for example , somebody inserted a photo of masturbation in today's featured article on joseph smith , and it is still visible when you get back that far in the compare selected versions . isn't there a way to just indicate what the vandal did ( as is done with the id of the image ) , and to remove the actual image itself from the article's history ? in general , that's a big problem with these selected versions in the article historythat things like this remain and aren't completely removed/disassociated with the article .
0.26231667
offensive images in article histories ok everybody knows that featured articles are frequently vandalized and one of the more common infantile tricks is to insert some image usually a ppnis in the featured article these are always quickly reverted but i wonder why the offensive images remain in the articles edit history for example somebody inserted a photo of masturbation in todays featured article on joseph smith and it is still visible when you get back that far in the compare selected versions isnt there a way to just indicate what the vandal did as is done with the id of the image and to remove the actual image itself from the articles history in general thats a big problem with these selected versions in the article historythat things like this remain and arent completely removeddisassociated with the article 
0.2061376
penis

= = year ( date ) date of birth = = to get a few more facts , does anyone know when it was born ? i remember reading something about 77 or 78 in some online magazine interview . however , i cannot find it in my bookmarks anymore .
0.009653964
year date date of birth to gex a few more facts does anyone know when it was born i remember reading something about 77 or 78 in some online magazine interview however i cannot find it in my bookmarks anymore 
0.006824801
get

: you know , kelley is much more of an objectivist than , say , binswanger or peikoff or any of the other denizens of the anti-reason institute .
0.10266349
you know kelley is much more of an objectivist than say binswanger or peikoff or any of the other deyizens of the antireason institute 
0.08155518
denizens

