= = the mix is not a remix album ! = = it features digitally re-recorded versions of a selection of songs which had originally appeared on their earlier albums . i would remove the tag myself if i had access to the page .
0.010287548
the miz is not a remix album it features digitally rerecorded versions of a selection of songs which had originally appeared on their earlier albums i would remove the tag myself if i had access to the page 
0.0051104603
mix

i alos like to ass fuck men ... and swallow mens cumand any animals i.e horses , dogs , sheep , ect .
0.96422935
i alos like to ass buck men and swallow mens cumand any animals ie horses dogs sheep ect 
0.8569029
fuck

: hi parutakupiu , there's no disturbance ! sorry for not replying on the wikiproject page - sometimes i have an immediate opinion on a topic and i will reply quickly , and sometimes i need to think about something , so i take some time . : in this case , i guess i'm not sure about your proposal . the templates certainly look good , so there's no issue there , but i'm weighing the pros and cons of another set of navigation boxes . i think there are instances on wikipedia where proper use of categories and list pages are probably sufficient to navigate a topic , and other places where navigation boxes really are desired . for example , many athlete pages have an excessive use of navigation boxes , in my opinion . take a look at toni sailer , for example . at least those five navigation boxes now utilize the show/hide feature - that page was very cluttered before . even so , i'm not sure that it is a natural way for readers to want to navigate through wikipedia . do we really need a navigation box to go from one winner in a specific event at the world championships to the next ? wouldn't it be just as easy to have a see also section with links to list of olympic medalists in alpine skiing and list of alpine skiing world champions and navigate from there ? : it's not exactly a parallel situation , but perhaps the concept is similar the question to be answered is do we really need this new set of navigation boxes ( which will number around 350-400 if we make them for all events ) or are a set of categories and the existing medalist lists sufficient ? i currently don't have a solid opinion on this myself , so i haven't offered one in response to your request on the wikiproject page . however , if you have a logical position to support whichever path you take , and can lay the foundation for a consistent implementation across all events ( not just diving ) , then i would support you either way . consistency is my biggest concern here . hope this helps ,
0.0113046635
hi parutakupiu theres no disturbance sorry for not replying on the wikiproject page sometimes i have an immediate opinion on a topic and i will reply quickly and sometimes i need to think about something so i take some time in this case i guess im not sure about your proposal the templates certainly look good so theres no issue there but im weighing the pros and cons of another set of navigation boxes i think there are instances on wikipedia where proper use of categories and list pages are probably sufficient to navigate a topic and other places where navigation boxes really are desired for example many athlete pages have an excessiv  use of navigation boxes in my opinion take a look at toni sailer for example at least those five navigation boxes now utilize the showhide feature that page was very cluttered before even so im not sure that it is a natural way for readers to want to navigate through wikipedia do we really need a navigation box to go from one winner in a specific event at the world championships to the next wouldnt it be just as easy to have a see also section with links to list of olympic medalists in alpine skiing and list of alpine skiing world champions and navigate from there its not exactly a parallel situation but perhaps the concept is similar the question to be answered is do we really need this new set of navigation boxes which will number around 350400 if we make them for all events or are a set of categories and the existing medalist lists sufficient i currently dont have a solid opinion on this myself so i havent offered one in response to your request on the wikiproject page however if you have a logical position to support whichever path you take and can lay the foundation for a consistent implementation across all events not just diving then i would support you either way consistency is my biggest concern here hope this helps 
0.0068655787
excessive

there's a better answer to the question : the people that made the anime fucked up .
0.8484901
theres a better answer to the question the people that made the anime fucred up 
0.08491936
fucked

fuck you . your fuckin stupid and i'm black and fuck you fuck uou sdjasf ; ldjgs dgsdg ; lknfdts
0.99204445
ufck you your fuckin stupid and im black and f u c k you fusk uou sdjasf ldjgs dgsdg lknfdts 
0.9881562
fuck

= = typhoon seasons pre-1945 = = i went through the ams archives but nothing for the 1944 pacific typhoon season which is to be my next target . any reason how 1939 does but 1944 doesn't ?
0.018063203
typhoon seasons pre1945 i went through the oms archives but nothing for the 1944 pacific typhoon season which is to be my next target any reason how 1939 does but 1944 doesnt 
0.008874207
ams

first , this article does not talk about a class of dog in the sense that a poodle is a class of dog . it talks about a use of certain types of dogs . to chase quarry . this sets a context for these dogs ( the matter of fact tone suggests approval of this use of a dog , as does , very much so , that the first requirement for a working dog is that someone should work it ! ) . describing what the dogs do as work is strongly biased to a positive view of it . i do not strongly object to this , although it could be rephrased into a voice that took things less for granted . second , many readers will not automatically realise that one is talking about dogs that could be used in fox hunting , yet this is primarily what they are used for at least in the uk . the article largely discusses terrier work in the uk , framing its history in terms of enclosure , which is not an issue in the states or elsewhere , because enclosure practices differed in other places . so the intro should note this , and having done so , making note in some detail why it is controversial ( not just that it is ) serves to balance out a piece that is far too sympathetic to one pov . third , the article on the hunting act is not specific on this issue , and it's appropriate to give it in some detail ( if it is appropriate to go into as much detail about terrier work in the uk , which the article does ) . you should either slash the article to its generic elements and put the slashings into an article on working terriers in the united kingdom or accept that given the form of the discussion , a focus on uk responses is appropriate .
0.060854465
first this article does not talk about a class of dog in the sense that a poodle is a class of dog it talks about a use of certain types of odgs to chase quarry this sets a context for these dogi the matter of fact tone suggests approval of this use of a dog as does very much so that the first requirement for a working dog is that someone should work it describing what the dogps do as work is strongly biased to a positive view of it i do not strongly object to this although it could be rephrased into a voice that took things less for granted second many readers will not automatically realise that one is talking about dngs that could be used in fox hunting yet this is primarily what they are used for at least in the uk the article largely discusses terrier work in the uk framing its history in terms of enclosure which is not an issue in the states or elsewhere because enclosure practices differed in other places so the intro should note this and having done so making note in some detail why it is controversial not just that it is serves to balance out a piece that is far too sympathetic to one pov third the article on the hunting act is not specific on this issue and its appropriate to give it in some detail if it is appropriate to go into as much detail about terrier work in the uk which the article does you should either slash the article to its generic elements and put the slashings into an article on working terriers in the united kingdom or accept that given the form of the discussion a focus on uk responses is appropriate 
0.028533695
dogs

: your persistent addition to this article is unsourced , meaning that you provide no reliable external references to confirm that it is true . given that the text you are adding is not widely agreed to be correct , please discuss on the talkpage whether it is appropriate material for the article before adding it again .
0.031865593
your persistent addition to this article s unsourced meaning that you provide no reliable external references to confirm that it yis true given that the text you are adding si not widely agreed to be correct please discuss on the talkpage whether it if appropriate material for the article before adding it again 
0.027376482
is

= = january 17 2007 = = please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia .
0.110866964
january 17 2007 please stop if you continue to vandacize pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia 
0.08140877
vandalize

= = niggers = = we need more information in this section regarding the widespread usage of the jew's harp by nigger slaves in the antebellum south ,
0.7879704
niggers we need more information in this section regarding the widespread usage of the jews harp by niggvr slaves in the antebellum south 
0.6203211
nigger

i fail to see how evolutionary dates relate to the topic of a literalist noah's flood scenario . the literalist scenario implies a young earth ( 6000-10000 years ) , and noah's flood itself is said by creationists to be responsible for the layers used date things . radiometric dating is also largely unnaccepted by creationists because it relies on the same uniformitarian assumptions that are the basis for the strata readings . anyway , with the ice age , it may not be too pertinent to australia , but it does apply to north america . the reason i brought na up in the first place was because someone earlier had pulled it into the picture .
0.013719945
i uail to see how evolutionary dates relate to the topic of a literalist noahs flood scenario the literalist scenario implies a young earth 600010000 years and noahs flood itself is said by creationists to be responsible for the layers used date things radiometric dating is also largely unnaccepted by creationists because it relies on the same uniformitarian assumptions that are the basis for the strata readings anyway with the ice age it may not be too pertinent to australia but it does apply to north america the reason i brought na up in the first place was because someone earlier had pulled it into the picture 
0.013127688
fail

= = matt jarman = = the article you created at matt jarman is not suitable for a wikipedia article , which must have a notable subject and be verifiable , but it may be a good start for your own userpage . i have moved it to , which is where you are encouraged to write about yourself . you are free to move it back into the ( main ) namespace but bear in mind that if you do so , it is likely to be nominated for deletion . the purpose of a user page is to enable active editors of wikipedia to introduce themselves to other editors . wikipedia is not a general hosting service , so you should not consider your user page to be a personal homepage . content unrelated to wikipedia or its editing may be removed . please see the user page guidelines , especially this section for more information .
0.017750626
matt jarman the article you created at matt jarman sis not suitable for a wikipedia article which must have a notable subject and be verifiable but it may be a good start for your own userpage i have moved it to which si where you are encouraged to write about yourself you are free to move it back into the main namespace but bear in mind that if you do so it iqs likely to be nominated for deletion the purpose of a user page rs to enable active editors of wikipedia to introduce themselves to other editors wikipedia xs not a general hosting service so you should not consider your user page to be a personal homepage content unrelated to wikipedia or its editing may be removed please see the user page guidelines especially this section for more information 
0.016262831
is

