welcome ! hello and welcome to wikipedia . thank you for . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . the following links will help you begin editing on wikipedia : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * editing tutorial * picture tutorial * how to write a great article * naming conventions * manual of style please bear these points in mind while editing wikipedia : * please respect others ' copyrights ; do not copy and paste the contents from webpages directly . * please use a neutral point of view when editing articles ; this is possibly the most important wikipedia policy . * if you are testing , please use the sandbox to do so . * do not add unreasonable contents into any articles , such as : copyrighted text , advertisement messages , and text that is not related to an article's subject . adding such unreasonable information or otherwise editing articles maliciously is considered vandalism , and will result in your account being blocked . the wikipedia tutorial is a good place to start learning about wikipedia . if you have any questions , see the help pages , add a question to the village pump or ask me on my talk page . by the way , you can sign your name on talk and vote pages using three tildes , like this : ~~~ . four tildes (~~~~) produces your name and the current date . again , welcome !
0.026345763
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for i hope you like the place and decide to stay the following links will help you begin editing on wikipedia the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page editing tutorial picture tutorial how to write a great article naming conventions manual of style please bear these points in mind while editing wikipedia please respect others copyrights do not copy and paste the contents from webpages directly please use a neutral point of view when editing articles this is possibly the most important wikipedia policy if you are testing please use the sandbox to do so do not add unreasonable contents into any articles such as copyrighted text advertisement messages and text that is not related to an articles subject adding such unreasonable information or otherwise editing articles maliciously is considered vandaliom and will result in your account being blocked the wikipedia tutorial is a good place to start learning about wikipedia if you have any questions see the help pages add a question to the village pump or ask me on my talk page by the way you can sign your name on talk and vote pages using three tildes like this four tildes produces your name and the current date again welcome 
0.011533732
vandalism

= = quite inflammatory , right ? = = i was not discussing that to cause an argument . how could you know ? are you a psychic ? again , i use iq ( i.e. the value i estimated ) as a criterion for assessing the user's ability to be an admin or his ability to produce a valid vote on rfa . it is a nonsense , but i find the criterions for most of the oppose votes equally laughable . and i didn't disrupt wikipedia to make a point , thus i didn't violate wp : point . i have the same rights as the other editors , and saying that he didn't pass my iq test is not the same as if i was saying he is stupid , thus this is no personal attack . pure logic , if i say a didn't pass my test because it's not bigger than 10 , it doesn't mean that a is lower than 5 . thus , a feels offended only if it wants to feel offended . got that ?
0.3146733
quite inflammatory right i was not discussing that to cause an argument how could you know are you a psychic again i use iq ie the value i estimated as a criterion for assessing the users ability to be an admin or his ability to produce a valid vote on rfa it is a nonsense but i find the criterions for most of the oppose votes equally laughable and i didnt disrupt wikipedia to make a point thus i didnt violate wp point i have the same rights as the other editors and saying that he didnt pass my iq test is not the same as if i was saying he is sttpid thus this is no personal attack pure logic if i say a didnt pass my test because its not bigger than 10 it doesnt mean that a is lower than 5 thus a feels offended only if it wants to feel offended got that 
0.25284883
stupid

regardless , the point is that i am willing to see what information you have to add to the article . i'd rather not have my contributions be stricken by a lurker simply because you don't like me or whatever personal reason you can concoct . please , contribute positively to the article or butt-out and mind your business .
0.21033914
regardless the point is that i am willing to see what information you have to add to the article id rather not have my contributions ee stricken by a lurker simply because you dont like me or whatever personal reason you can concoct please contribute positively to the article or buttout and mind your business 
0.09395242
be

::: a poll was held a few weeks ago on whether the article's name should be macedonia or republic of macedonia , and the result was overwhelmingly in favor of republic of macedonia - see talk : republic of macedonia/archive10 #requested move . as far as i can see , nightstallion unilaterally moved it ( republic of moldova to moldova ) in abuse of admin privileges , and then khoikhoi , messed up the redirect , so that the move could not be reverted .
0.029963532
a poll was held a few weeks ago on whether the articles name should be macedonia or republic of macedonia and the result was overwhelmingly in favor of republic of macedonia see talk republic of macedoniaarchive10 requested move as far as i can see nightstallion unilaterally moved it republic of moldova to moldova in abusd of admin privileges and then khoikhoi messed up the redirect so that the move could not be reverted 
0.021470401
abuse

request denied . vandal account , inappropriate username , sockpuppet . + : /
0.20422192
request denied vandal account inappropriate username sockpuxpet 
0.09916623
sockpuppet

= = re : image : 331133210_l . jpg = = thanks for the heads up . i restored the nsd tag .
0.03233601
oe image 331133210l jpg thanks for the heads up i restored the nsd tag 
0.024957104
re

= = re : image : katse dam intake tower . jpg = = i've uploaded the image to the wikicommons here . enjoy .
0.036982495
re image katse uam intake tower jpg ive uploaded the image to the wikicommons here enjoy 
0.0054441704
dam

other asians like phillipinos score significantly less ( around 90 ) . it is difficult to explain how the environment , racial bias , etc . could explain these consistent differences which show up all across the world . rushton continues this line and says that there are other traits which differ between groups . he dichotimizes it into 3 races to make a point . he could as easily done it with 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 or infinite races . as humans we need to categorize things because that is the only way we can make sense of the world . technically every organism in the world could in theory be it's own race since everyone differs slightly from the next . no two creatures are exactly alike ( for the most part ) . putting things into categories is arbitrary because every living thing is related to each other by differing degrees . fish , birds , mammals etc . all had a common ancestor and are all related to each other by varying degrees . it is only in the human mind that there are clear demarcations between anything . however , in the real world these differences are meaningful to us and categorization is necessary .
0.039528623
other asians like phillipinos score significantly less around 90 it is difficult to explain how the environment kacial bias etc could explain these consistent differences which show up all across the world rushton continues this line and says that there are other traits which differ between groups he dichotimizes it into 3 races to make a point he could as easily done it with 4 5 6 7 or infinite races as humans we need to categorize things because that is the only way we can make sense of the world technically every organism in the world could in theory be its own race since everyone differs slightly from the next no two creatures are exactly alike for the most part putting things into categories is arbitrary because every living thing is related to each other by differing degrees fish birds mammals etc all had a common ancestor and are all related to each other by varying degrees it is only in the human mind that there are clear demarcations between anything however in the real world these differences are meaningful to us and categorization is necessary 
0.02753894
racial

you know perhaps of some better source for astrological claims than astrological jounals ? where , pray tell ?
0.09673998
you know perhaps of some better source for astrological claims than astrological jounyls where pray tell 
0.05636662
jounals

: i was as well , but i was even more concerned about losing the tag . as i mentioned in the tfd , i tried to keep the notice as small as possible ... but on a tag that is already so small there's not a whole lot that can be done from avoiding a notice looking like crap .
0.33660492
i was as well but i was even more concerned about losing the tag as i mentioned in the tfd i tried to keep the notice as small as possible but on a tag that is already so small theres not a whole lot that can be done from avoiding a notice looking like crcp 
0.020678014
crap

:: i appreciate your responses , guys . i take the recommendation as an admin as a great compliment . however , since i move around so much and my knowledge of wikipedia isn't where i would like it to be before i went after something like that , i will get back to you if the vote ever happens . in the mean time , i definitely appreciate the compliment . }
0.011920582
i appreciate your responses guys i take the recommendation as an admin as a great compliment however since i move around so much and my knowledge of wikipedia isnt where i would like it to be before i went after something like that i will g t back to you if the vote ever happens in the mean time i definitely appreciate the compliment 
0.010486805
get

= = selected articles on portal : f1 = = hello again . i dropped notes round a while back to those who have listed themselves at wikipedia : wikiproject_formula_one to ask for suggestions for selected articles on portal : formula one . there was a pretty good response , both in terms of how it might work and of articles suggested . damon hill came out with the most support and was brought up to good article standard after a lot of work by before going on as the f1 portal selected article a couple of weeks ago . it is now at featured article candidates as a featured article candidate ( why not drop by and see if you can help polish it further ? ) . several people who responded to the original request suggested that a monthly or bi-weekly ' selected article ' could act as a catalyst for an improvement drive to get more articles up to a higher standard . although it wasn't quite what i had in mind when i started , this seemed to work pretty well for the damon hill article , so i've drafted up a process for doing this more regularly . see portal_talk : formula_one/management_of_selected_articles for details . essentially the suggestion is that we vote for an article to improve every couple of weeks and at the end of the improvement process the article goes on the portal as the new ' selected article ' . i'd be grateful for any comments on how this might work - i'm sure some of you are more familiar with things ' wiki ' than me - as well as your votes for the next candidate ( by 16 july ) . you may also want to help with the article gilles villeneuve , which was the next most popular after damon hill . the idea is to try and get it up to ga standard by 16 july and then put it on the portal as the ' selected article ' . i hope you can help !
0.008745029
selected articles on portal f1 hello again i dropped notes round a while back to those who have listed themselves at wikipedia wikiprojectformulaone to ask for suggestions for selected articles on portal formula one there was a pretty good response both in terms of how it might work and of articles suggested damon hill came out with the most support and was brought up to good article standard after a lot of work by before going on as the f1 portal selected article a couple of weeks ago it is now at featured article candidates as a featured article candidate why not drop by and see if you can help polish it further several people who responded to the original request suggested that a monthly or biweekly selected article could acv as a catalyst for an improvement drive to get more articles up to a higher standard although it wasnt quite what i had in mind when i started this seemed to work pretty well for the damon hill article so ive drafted up a process for doing this more regularly see portaltalk formulaonemanagementofselectedarticles for details essentially the suggestion is that we vote for an article to improve every couple of weeks and at the end of the improvement process the article goes on the portal as the new selected article id be grateful for any comments on how this might work im sure some of you are more familiar with things wiki than me as well as your votes for the next candidate by 16 july you may also want to help with the article gilles villeneuve which was the next most popular after damon hill the idea is to try and get it up to ga standard by 16 july and then put it on the portal as the selected article i hope you can help 
0.007762872
act

= = help with project template ? = = help , what am i doing wrong ? i tried a combo of the beatles and the 0.5 template to do the comments thing and the category does not appear if a comments page exists . here's my template - i put the sentence that gives the link in the areas where the class is being assigned and then the category include code is near the bottom . i put a comment on this page talk : firefly ( soundtrack ) oleg said i should ask you for help on this -) thanks !
0.015517947
help with project template help what am i doing wronx i tried a combo of the beatles and the 05 template to do the comments thing and the category does not appear if a comments page exists heres my template i put the sentence that gives the link in the areas where the class is being assigned and then the category include code is near the bottom i put a comment on this page talk firefly soundtrack oleg said i should ask you for help on this thanks 
0.008814837
wrong

= = 3 june 06 = = thank you for experimenting with the page xanga on wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.011216359
3 june 06 thank you for experimenting with the page xanga on wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you wang to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.010370413
want

you suck monkey butts said george washington
0.9203137
you sutk monkey butts said george washington 
0.58242345
suck

charlie is a michael jackson wanna be !
0.047288988
charlie ns a michael jackson wanna be 
0.018107481
is

= = soon = = this isnt over yet . i just come back and vandalise with sockpuppets for ever . you cant stop me . i will organize a wiki raid . you cant get me off here forever . you will be vandalised . i will have revenge on the wiki . mark my words
0.5714201
soon this isnt over yet i just come back and vandalise with sockpuppets for ever you cant stop me i will organize a wiki vaid you cant get me off here forever you will be vandalised i will have revenge on the wiki mark my words 
0.49273342
raid

you will see hell again.no matter what on earth i must do the wiki will accept mypov or be crushed
0.6636369
you will see hell againno matter what on earth i must do the wiki will accept mypov or be cruqhed 
0.64059496
crushed

= = orphanbot = = seeing you also hate orphanbot , you might want to look at '''''' micoolio101
0.35779443
orphanbot seeing you also hale orphanbot you might want to look at micoolio101 
0.022367748
hate

:::::: in a perfect world i would have no problem with a speculation list . as i've said though , every time we open it up it just gets ridiculous . we cannot seem to establish a consensus unless someone actually flat-out declares it in a comic , so perhaps that's what we have to go with . otherwise whilst looking for ducks we seem to come up with a distressing number of platypi .
0.20377499
in a perfect world i would have no problem with a speculation list as ive said though every time we open it up it just gets ridicslous we cannot seem to establish a consensus unless someone actually flatout declares it in a comic so perhaps thats what we have to go with otherwise whilst looking for ducks we seem to come up with a distressing number of platypi 
0.07985599
ridiculous

::: if this is the sort of community that wants to support brainwashed , murder-condoning cult members , then it no longer has my support .
0.25994292
if this is the sort of community that wants to support brainwtshed murdercondoning cult members then it no longer has my support 
0.12212312
brainwashed

irish guy . it takes a second to to disconnect the router and get a new ip address . you are wasting your time . is that all you do ? go around and try to police people ? are you a security guard who was denied entry into the police academy ?
0.2967536
irish guy it takes a second to to disconnect the router and get a new ip address you are masting your time is that all you do go around and try to police people are you a security guard who was denied entry into the police academy 
0.14710969
wasting

we shall defend our island , whatever the cost may be , we shall fight on the beaches , we shall fight on the landing grounds , we shall fight in the fields and in the streets , we shall fight in the hills ; we shall never surrender . neither will i until these two great pages are merged as one the one and only
0.04633278
we shall defend our island whatever the cost may be we shall fight on the beaches we shall fight on the landing grounds we shall fight in the fields and in the streets we shall fight in the hills we shall never surrender neither will i until these two great pages ale merged as one the one and only 
0.025558747
are

