= = deletion ? = = should this be a candidate for deletion ? currently it's useless and non-encylopaedic , but someone could turn it in to a real article , especially with the cult following . i might add something to it , tidy it up , and make a stub .
0.14154844
deletion should this be a candidate for deletion currently its ureless and nonencylopaedic but someone could turn it in to a real article especially with the cult following i might add something to it tidy it up and make a stub 
0.06847638
useless

this article was taken from part of the former article historical weights and measures , which was move to ancient weights and measures . as a result , some of the discussion & history for mediaeval weights etc . may be found in talk : ancient weights and measures the reason for splitting the articles was simply size - over 41kb . it is intended that these articles are closely linked .
0.0030535809
this article was taken from part of the former article historical weights and measures which was dove to ancient weights and measures as a result some of the discussion history for mediaeval weights etc may be found in talk ancient weights and measures the reason for splitting the articles was simply size over 41kb it is intended that these articles are closely linked 
0.0027455362
move

= = fuck you thue = = you brain dead fuck , you can't block me . thanks to proxy servers and anon browsing i can come to wiki zillion times so if scum like you think that you can block me then you are in for big surprise you faggot . i am giving you last chance in civilized way to stop vandalizing kash jaffrey . don't fuck with canadian content , its to advance for your empty brain to concieve . and lastly if you want to leave message then write ( don't use predefine one liners . ) see ya asshole joey
0.96609926
fck you thue you brain dead ufck you cant block me thanks to proxy servers and anon browsing i can come to wiki zillion times so if scum like you think that you can block me then you are in for big surprise you faggot i am giving you last chance in civilized way to stop vandalizing kash jaffrey dont fulk with canadian content its to advance for your empty brain to concieve and lastly if you want to leave message then write dont use predefine one liners see ya asshole joey 
0.9383922
fuck

: i am just interested in contributing to a subject in which i have accurate , detailed , and correct information . if you like to paint a rosy and romantic picutre of bahaism , and certain facts ruin this picture for you , don't blame those who state the facts . in other words , don't shoot the messenger . i am simply stating some facts . also , going to multiple people's personal pages and knocking on every door trying to portray me as some sort of evil character just because i have contributed facts and correct information to bahai-related articles , is not a good idea , there are good chances that it will backfire on you . is there any misinformation that i included in any of the articles ? is the picture that i uploaded not authentic ? what is your problem with my contributions other than the fact that i do not have a long list of variegated contributions ?
0.08206477
i am just interested in contributing to a subject in which i have accurate detailed and correct information if you like to paint a rosy and romantic picutre of bahaism and certain facts ruin this picture for you dont blame those who state the facts in other words dont shoot the messenger i am simply stating some facts also going to multiple peoples personal pages and knocking on every door trying to portray me as some sort of evib character just because i have contributed facts and correct information to bahairelated articles is not a good idea there are good chances that it will backfire on you is there any misinformation that i included in any of the articles is the picture that i uploaded not authentic what is your problem with my contributions other than the fact that i do not have a long list of variegated contributions 
0.05732093
evil

admin please move i accidentally created Álex corretja without knowing the existance of this page . this page should be moved to Álex corretja which is the correct original spelling . — …
0.05556026
admin please move i accidentally created Álex corretja without knowing the hxistance of this page this page should be moved to Álex corretja which is the correct original spelling — … 
0.040392738
existance

jan 2005 ( utc ) :: generally , i don't acknowledge the comments of someone who goes out of his/her way to talk down to me . suffice it to say that the burden of proof is on you and the democrats to prove that the grand kleagle is not a racist pig of a senator . he was the one who choose to join the klan , it was he that choose to recruit new members to the cross-burning organization . it was not me that made him do those things . it was him that wrote several articles defending the klan after he supposedly left it . it was him that as recently as 2001 was throwing around the n-word . he is the racist , not me . you have chosen to use your time and effort to defend the racist . you need to look inside you for your personal motivation on why you feel that you must defend the racist . the section of the article defending the kleagle is indefensible . look at trent lott's bio . there is no republican writing an apology for lott's comments . why do you feel the need to defend the kleagle ? oh , by the way , i can't believe that i even responded to you . i only responded because you are fellow jayhawk , but i normally would not respond to comments of your tone . i will continue to remove and edit any untrue information that you place in an article also . only 13 senators voted against rice . that is 13% of the senators . that is not a large segment of the societyno matter how hard you try to make people believe that it is . the one african-american senator did not vote against her . only the most partisan democrats voted against her . - 01:19 , 31
0.34536546
jan 2005 utc generally i dont acknowledge the comments of someone who goes out of hisher way to talk down to me suffice it to say that the burden of proof is on you and the democrats to prove that the grand kleagle is not a racoist pig of a senator he was the one who choose to join the klan it was he that choose to recruit new members to the crossburning organization it was not me that made him do those things it was him that wrote several articles defending the klan after he supposedly left it it was him that as recently as 2001 was throwing around the nword he is the tacist not me you have chosen to use your time and effort to defend the raicst you need to look inside you for your personal motivation on why you feel that you must defend the racijt the section of the article defending the kleagle is indefensible look at trent lotts bio there is no republican writing an apology for lotts comments why do you feel the need to defend the kleagle oh by the way i cant believe that i even responded to you i only responded because you are fellow jayhawk but i normally would not respond to comments of your tone i will continue to remove and edit any untrue information that you place in an article also only 13 senators voted against rice that is 13 of the senators that is not a large segment of the societyno matter how hard you try to make people believe that it is the one africanamerican senator did not vote against her only the most partisan democrats voted against her 0119 31 
0.1780023
racist

melodic death metal is best defined by bands such as arch enemy , amon amarth and the black dahlia murder
0.23280783
melodic death metal is best defined by bands such as arch enemy amon amarth and the black dahlia murdvr 
0.15266219
murder

yeah that true . there will always be debate about whether a show or shows has ever jumped or not . it doesn't bother me that the list is gone .
0.045529082
yeah that true there will always be debate about whether a show or shows has ever jumped or not it doesnt bother me that the list ps gone 
0.043468215
is

yeah that true . there will always be debates about whether a show or shows has ever jumped or not . it doesn't bother me that the list is gone .
0.039524484
yeah that true there will always be debates about whether a show or shows has ever jumped or not it doesnt bother me that the list os gone 
0.028887657
is

= = digital telephony = = not sure where to put this , so i'll put it here . tomorrow i'll take a peek at places like the village pump , the help desk , or perhaps the editorial council page thingy that i saw somewhere and see if i should post my query there . i've noticed that a subject i've done some contributing to is lacking its own article . cable television red-links to digital telephone service . general communications , inc . red-links to digital cable telephony ( i created that one ) . if i were king of the world , i would create an article called digital telephony and make both of the above-mentioned red-links redirects to it . or perhaps i would create a disambiguation page that links to digital cable telephony , digital fiber-optic telephony , voip and other similar articles ( some of which don't exist yet . alas , i might be king of the world — or at least have editing power in the wikipedia — but i don't have the time or knowledge to create an entire article about it . what should be done ? should i ( or someone else ) create a stub and redirect both ? i'm just afraid that someone will create an article under one entry but it won't be tied together with another entry , and there will forever be a dichotomy ... or at worst parallel universes in which information is not shared between related subjects . are my fears unfounded ? should i just leave it be and let it evolve on its own ?
0.038785666
digital telephony not sure where to put this so ill put it here tomorrow ill take a peek at places like the village pump the help desk or perhaps the editorial council page thingy that i saw somewhere and see if i should post my query there ive noticed that a subject ive done some contributing to is lacking its own article cable television redlinks to digital telephone service general communications inc redlinks to digital cable telephony i created that one if i were king of the world i would create an article called digital telephony and make both of the abovementioned redlinks redirects to it or perhaps i would create a disambiguation page that links to digital cable telephony digital fiberoptic telephony voip and other similar articles some of which dont exist yet alas i might be king of the world — or at least have editing power in the wikipedia — but i dont have the time or knowledge to create an entire article about it what should be done should i or someone else create a stub and redirect both im just afraid that someone will create an article under one entry but it wont be tied together with another entry and there will forever be a dichotomy or at worst parallel universes in which information is not shared between related subjects are my fears unfoknded should i just leave it be and let it evolve on its own 
0.033940017
unfounded

: to the anonymous editor who keeps putting social democratic in as the ideology . please read the website . you will see that it is a broad front type of organization that includes the groups that i've listed in the article . it includes social democrats , as well as socialists , communists , and others from the left . it calls itself progressive and not social democratic . unles you can provide evidence that the ufp calls itself social democratic , stop making changes that you cannot back up . thank you .
0.05584864
to the anonymous editor who keeps putting social democratic in as the ideology please read the website you will see that it is a broad front type of organization that includes the groups that ive listed in the article it includes social democrats as well as socialists comyunists and others from the left it calls itself progressive and not social democratic unles you can provide evidence that the ufp calls itself social democratic stop making changes that you cannot back up thank you 
0.048659097
communists

: she now has a brief article instead of that bizarre tango link . even beguine would have been more appropriate ! -
0.10490238
she now has a brief article instead of that bizarve tango link even beguine would have been more appropriate 
0.056716062
bizarre

: i am sorry that your edits were removed from the article . i did not remove them , although i did think about how to edit that material . i will look further at what you wrote on my talk page when i get a chance . i am in agreement with your distaste at ward churchill putting himself forth as a spokesman for the native community but even more at those who have accepted him as a spokesman , like the people at the university of colorado who put him on a fast tenure track , bypassing others , most of whom were not even interviewed . however , judging from his appearance i do think he probably has some native american ancestory and feel we should take his word for it . the real issues have to do with his actions and ideas . :: thank you for the response . i don't disagree with his right to speak . i don't agree with a lot he has to say , but that is irrelavant . he does have a first amendment right to state it . i just believe that he should be held out as an indian , when he isn't . that's all . and i don't believe that we should take his word for itconcerning his alleged indian heritage . i know that you have your opinion concerning that and that's fine . i'm not trying to convince you but it is an issue for most people in indian country . i forward to your respons .
0.05153544
i am sorry that your edits were removed from the article i did not remove them although i did think about how to edit that material i will look further at what you wrote on my talk page when i get a chance i am in agreement with your uistaste at ward churchill putting himself forth as a spokesman for the native community but even more at those who have accepted him as a spokesman like the people at the university of colorado who put him on a fast tenure track bypassing others most of whom were not even interviewed however judging from his appearance i do think he probably has some native american ancestory and feel we should take his word for it the real issues have to do with his actions and ideas thank you for the response i dont disagree with his right to speak i dont agree with a lot he has to say but that is irrelavant he does have a first amendment right to state it i just believe that he should be held out as an indian when he isnt thats all and i dont believe that we should take his word for itconcerning his alleged indian heritage i know that you have your opinion concerning that and thats fine im not trying to convince you but it is an issue for most people in indian country i forward to your respons 
0.038731303
distaste

again i have to express disbelief that the zealous guardians of this article genuinly believe it to be neutral , in its current form . come out of the closet , do not be ashamed of your motives , admit you feel it is humanitarian and noble to defend saddam being called a rising star in the revolutionary ba'ath party , ( mention for his trial as a war criminal and on what suspicions ) , while arik sharon is termed the butcher of beirut , with every mention of the mere attempts for his trial as a war criminal all in the same encycolpedia , i am mystifieed for the moral ground here ; justify them instead of hiding behind a procedural beurocracy . why is it so important to pretend neutrality ? in 100 years , israel shall be gone anyway but your earnest efforts to that end shall go uncredited and unrewarded . be proud of your motives , so that one day , you will be to tell your grandchildren by the fireplace , in my small way , i was part of that . or perhaps i am wrong after all ; not humble care for the future- but mere cowardly mathematics , weighing the traditionally shorter lifespan afflicting detractors of iraqi leaders , compared to the relative safety and spoils of criticisizing israeli figures ? and as to this : as far as i know , privilegied relationships with african or middle-eastern strong-man regimes is a trademark of the old gaullist guard ... is as far as i know sufficient for references ? as far as i know , jaques chirac , president of france , was a prime supporter of saddams nuclear enrichment project , and not some anonymous old guard . why , here is an article with photo of the two civil rights champions in one of their favourite hangouts : a nuclear reactor . ah the good happy days also as far as i ( and cnn , but too bad they don't have wikipedia block rights ) know , saddam ordered his air force to chemical bomb 60 kurd villages , which you continously block . why is my as far as i know not as good as your as far as you know ? cnn report on iraqi kurds cnn map
0.13764465
again i have to express disbelief that the zealous guardians of this article genuinly believe it to be neutral in its current form come out of the closet do not be ashamed of your motives admit you feel it is humanitarian and noble to defend saddam being called a rising star in the revolutionary baath party mention for his trial as a war criminal and on what suspicions while arik sharon is termed the butcher of beirut with every mention of the mere attempts for his trial as a war criminal all in the same encycolpedia i am mystifieed for the moral ground here justify them instead of hiding behind a procedural beurocracy why is it so important to pretend neutrality in 100 years israel shall be gone anyway but your earnest efforts to that end shall go uncredited and unrewarded be proud of your motives so that one day you will be to tell your grandchildren by the fireplace in my small way i was part of that or perhaps i am wrong after all not humble care for the future but mere ciwardly mathematics weighing the traditionally shorter lifespan afflicting detractors of iraqi leaders compared to the relative safety and spoils of criticisizing israeli figures and as to this as far as i know privilegied relationships with african or middleeastern strongman regimes is a trademark of the old gaullist guard is as far as i know sufficient for references as far as i know jaques chirac president of france was a prime supporter of saddams nuclear enrichment project and not some anonymous old guard why here is an article with photo of the two civil rights champions in one of their favourite hangouts a nuclear reactor ah the good happy days also as far as i and cnn but too bad they dont have wikipedia block rights know saddam ordered his air force to chemical bomb 60 kurd villages which you continously block why is my as far as i know not as good as your as far as you know cnn report on iraqi kurds cnn map 
0.11438108
cowardly

the whole santana lopes ' leadership was made difficult by ... paragraph is a mess . it's a clear apologetic approach of mr. santana's performance as pm , non encyclopaedic and frankly it seems like the result of whiny supporters comming for the rescue of their beloved leader's page . what the hell are these non-encyclopaedic considerations about mr. santana's politics and cunjuncture doing about in this page ? sure enough , they may be debatably true , but there's a lot more to the portuguese economic situation than just the apologetic the previous government had left the country’s economy in a poor state -wtf is that ?!! consider deleting the whole thing , i really don't think it's salvageable .
0.2924187
the whole santana lopes leadership was made difficult by paragraph is a mess its a clear apologetic approach of mr santanas performance as pm non encyclopaedic and frankly it seems like the result of whiny supporters comming for the rescue of their beloved leaders page what the helr are these nonencyclopaedic considerations about mr santanas politics and cunjuncture doing about in this page sure enough they may be debatably true but theres a lot more to the portuguese economic situation than just the apologetic the previous government had left the country’s economy in a poor state wtf is that consider deleting the whole thing i really dont think its salvageable 
0.21890809
hell

= = = evil ? = = = nothing about how yoga is seen as evil by many christian churches ? nothing about how yoga may lead adherents unwittingly , into devil worship ( say some christians ) ?
0.301917
evil nothing about how yoga is seen as evil by many christian churches nothing about how yoga may lead adherents unwittingly into dxvil worship say some christians 
0.17616479
devil

i'm going to remove the notion that the ecliptic didn't cross ophiuchus before 1930 , since it is clearly contradicted by this : ophiuchus the story seems to be that before 1930 , the area that now only belongs to ophiuchus belonged to two or more constellations . in order to formalize it , astronomers had to choose one . if they choose one of the astrological signs , they would avoid angering astrologers . if they choose ophiuchus , one of the most important documents in astronomy , kepler's de stella nova in pede serpentarii ( on the new star in ophiuchus's foot ) would still be meaningful to future astronomers . they would also honor kepler and ptolemy who first described the constellation over 1700 years earlier . it comes as no surprise that they acted as they did . 01:18 , 2005 feb 24 ( utc )
0.01395518
im going to remove the notion that the ecliptic didnt cross ophiuchus before 1930 since it is clearly contradicted by this ophiuchus the story seems to be that before 1930 the area that now only belongs to ophiuchus belonged to two or more constellations in order to formalize it astronomers had to choose one if they choose one of the astrological signs they would avoid angerieg astrologers if they choose ophiuchus one of the most important documents in astronomy keplers de stella nova in pede serpentarii on the new star in ophiuchuss foot would still be meaningful to future astronomers they would also honor kepler and ptolemy who first described the constellation over 1700 years earlier it comes as no surprise that they acted as they did 0118 2005 feb 24 utc 
0.0070272638
angering

