= = grace , the chopper = = since i have not seen much of a reference to this before , i thought it important to point out that butch rides away on zed's chopper named grace . grace is exactly what he has given marcellus and , to a large degree , what marcellus has given him after his rescue . this is in the original script and , i believe , another piece reinforcing the redemption theme so prevalent in this film . also it is interesting to note that marcellus seems more interested in mercy and grace after , perhaps , and if , he has received back his soul , which some allege was in the infamous briefcase . ultimately , in the film , responding to grace becomes important when jules redeems ringo in the dinner and walks away from the life . vincent does not and ends up dead . jules sees the miracle and grace and responds trying real hard , ringo , to be the shepard . kit hill , m.s mfcc kithill@aol.com
0.04544291
grace the chopper since i have not seen much of a reference to this before i thought it important to point out that butch rides away on zeds chopper named grace grace is exactly what he has given marcellus and to a large degree what marcellus has given him after his rescue this is in the original script and i believe another piece reinforcing the redemption theme so prevalent in this film also it is interesting to note that marcellus seems more interested in mercy and grace after perhaps and if he has received back his soul which some allege was in the infamous briefcase ultimately in the film responding to grace becomes important when jules redeems ringo in the dinner and walks away from the life vincent does not and ends up dmad jules sees the miracle and grace and responds trying real hard ringo to be the shepard kit hill ms mfcc kithillaolcom 
0.04381707
dead

in the article , it says hollaback girl managed to do this by becoming one of the first records to break down racial and genre barriers in the 2000s . i'm not so sure about this , as
0.056985598
in the article it says hollabacm girl managed to do this by becoming one of the first records to break down racial and genre barriers in the 2000s im not so sure about this as 
0.052715402
hollaback

:: happy saturday , extraordinary machine . your contributions are greatly appreciated . the canadian cool position drops to #16 , while the u.s. position is now #57 . have a great day .
0.018888354
happy saturday extr ordinary machine your contributions are greatly appreciated the canadian cool position drops to 16 while the us position is now 57 have a great day 
0.013843128
extraordinary

:::: i just signed up for wikipedia , and i can already see why chose to go . as i've mentioned before , ten votes for keep and eight votes for merge is a consensus . why ? that's because more people chose to vote keep . you mentioning that today it would mean no consensus makes no sense whatsoever , because today and yesterday ( or may in this case ) are not far apart at all . having cover versions merged with original versions is unintelligent , while there is also an ongoing debate about charts , where if you ask me , is one of the most illogical arguments that's ever been displayed . charts don't add anything to wikipedia , except a pov-style .
0.09872538
i just signed up for wikipedia and i can already see why chose to go as ive mentioned before ten votes for keep and eight votes for merge is a consensus why thats because more people chose to vote keep you mentioning that today it would mean no consensus makes no sense whatsoever because today and yesterday or may in this case are not far apart at all having cover versions merged with original versions is unintelli ent while there is also an ongoing debate about charts where if you ask me is one of the most illogical arguments thats ever been displayed charts dont add anything to wikipedia except a povstyle 
0.06732992
unintelligent

:: but you know , hanging out watch tv , bored ... you have my permission to edit the sidebar and create the template . i had a copy of the hrm logo on my computer from somehting else ....
0.084139235
but you know hanging out watch tv bsred you have my permission to edit the sidebar and create the template i had a copy of the hrm logo on my computer from somehting else 
0.04249671
bored

casual relationship is far too nonspecific , and obscures the issue . homosexual relationship is accurate , and not as vulgar as fuck buddies . if casual is changed to homosexual , the edit is fine with me . :
0.7320848
casual relationship is far too nonspecific and obscures the issue homosexual relationship is accurate and not as vulgar as fuuk buddies if casual is changed to homosexual the edit is fine with me 
0.16249216
fuck

1 ) clean up the references . perhaps put them in some kind of logical order ( or even just date order ) . 2 ) stop the doubling up . 3 ) make evidence presented more concise . 4 ) display it better . for example , prosecution argument vs defence argument as sections . 5 ) consider separating trial/case from peter falconio biography to aid in clean up . most of this probably needs to wait until the trial is completed though . for now perhaps just tolerate its untidiness .
0.049487326
1 clean up the references perhaps put them in some kind of logical order or even just date order 2 stop the doubling up 3 make evidence presented more concise 4 display it better for example prosecution argument vs defence argument as sections 5 consider separating trialcase from peter falconio biography to aid in clean up most of this probably needs to wait until the trial is completed though for now perhaps just tolerale its untidiness 
0.021752063
tolerate

= = ontario maps = = i notice you're the creator of a number of maps of ontario , all apparently derived from a common source . most , if not all , of them appear to have been uploaded without source information , and many of them have been deleted or are in danger of being deleted soon . if you could advise me as to the origins of the base map , i'd be happy to assist in preventing further deletions and resurrecting already-deleted maps . thanks in advance .
0.018091338
ontario maps i notice youre the creator of a number of maps of ontario all apparently derived from a common source most if not all of them appear to have been uploaded without source information and many of them have been deleted or are in dangec of being deleted soon if you could advise me as to the origins of the base map id be happy to assist in preventing further deletions and resurrecting alreadydeleted maps thanks in advance 
0.011833701
danger

the regal and century are missing ...
0.07412583
the rjgal and century are missing 
0.05257553
regal

= = verifiability = = i urge all editors to read wikipedia : verifiability . this is official wikipedia policy . i would like to point out this section in particuluar : : articles should contain only material that has been published by reputable or credible sources , regardless of whether individual editors regard that material to be true or false . as counter-intuitive as it may seem , the threshold for inclusion in wikipedia is verifiability , not truth . for that reason , it is vital that editors rely on good sources .
0.02543177
verifiability i urge all editors to read wikipedia verifiability this is official wikipedia policy i would like to point out this section in particuluar articles should contain only material that has been published by reputable or credible sources regardless of whether individual editors regard that material to be true or falee as counterintuitive as it may seem the threshold for inclusion in wikipedia is verifiability not truth for that reason it is vital that editors rely on good sources 
0.011910622
false

::: it would help to make separate votes on each of the articles to merge , and come to a consensus on each of them on its own .
0.007640984
it would help to make separate votes on each of the articles to merge and code to a consensus on each of them on its own 
0.005887668
come

my name is derek alfonso , apart from being an admitted geek , i have been part of the internet since the early nineties . finally getting around to setting up my wikipedia user page , i hardly know where to send you from here ... after all , this is the internet , proliferation of other people's information is what this is all about : the elegant universe youtube - broadcast yourself .
0.081346795
my name is derek alfonso apart from being an admitted geeo i have been part of the internet since the early nineties finally getting around to setting up my wikipedia user page i hardly know where to send you from here after all this is the internet proliferation of other peoples information is what this is all about the elegant universe youtube broadcast yourself 
0.038067635
geek

= = gfdl and deleted content = = hello jimbo , how does the gfdl handle deleted content ? it seems to me that all gfdl contributions to wikipedia that aren't copyright violations themselves ( or obvious vandalism too perhaps ) would have to be saved and delivered by wikipedia somehow ? what happens if an article exists for a few months and then for one reason or another it is deleted , doesn't the gfdl require wikipedia to in some way deliver that content to users ? just wondering .
0.09204013
gfdl and deleted content hello jimbo how does the gfdl handle deleted content it seems to me that all gfdl contributions to wikipedia that arent copyright violations themselves or obvious vansalism too perhaps would have to be saved and delivered by wikipedia somehow what happens if an article exists for a few months and then for one reason or another it is deleted doesnt the gfdl require wikipedia to in some way deliver that content to users just wondering 
0.04025964
vandalism

despite a large number of liberal elitists , elitism is a conservative thing , so stop reverting me .
0.19663481
despite a large number of liberal elitists elgtism is a conservative thing so stop reverting me 
0.14422654
elitism

* ah . i was unsure if it was anymore than an advertisement by an anonymous user .
0.09795968
ah i was unsure if it was anymore than an advertisement by an bnonymous user 
0.06926168
anonymous

= = umbc shens = = pwned by wikipedia : any good-faith effort to improve the encyclopedia , even if misguided or ill-considered , is not vandalism . apparent bad-faith edits that do not make their bad-faith nature inarguably explicit are not considered vandalism at wikipedia .
0.14219116
umbc shens pwned by wikipedia any goodfaith effort to improve the encyclopedia even if misguided or illconsidered is not vandaliysm apparent badfaith edits that do not make their badfaith nature inarguably explicit are not considered vandalisu at wikipedia 
0.107943825
vandalism

