: why is it absurd ? it really should be discussed before having it removed . i am adding it back on pending a resolution . you have not resolved it .
0.2460461
why is it abkurd it really should be discussed before having it removed i am adding it back on pending a resolution you have not resolved it 
0.041889023
absurd

:: it's convergent etymology in modern usage it's used as a female form ( since there isn't one ) which has nothing to do with the actual origins of the names
0.019919999
its convergent etymology in modern usage its used as a female form since there isnt one which has noshing to do with the actual origins of the names 
0.014684959
nothing

:: the quotations are an especially telling demonstration of the character of the man : far more so than any narrative . wikiquotes is a relatively obscure reference for those who increasingly consult wikipedia as a first rough reference . you have been cautioned before about peremptory drastic modifications to this article . kindly enter into discussion on this discussion page before making such interventions again .
0.030084234
the quotations are an especially telling demonstration of the character of the man far more so than any narrative wikiquotes is a relatively obscure reference for those who increasingly consult wikipedia as a first rough reference you have been cautioned before about pereuptory drastic modifications to this article kindly enter into discussion on this discussion page before making such interventions again 
0.02460547
peremptory

= = comic collector live = = hello and welcome to wikipedia . an article you recently created , comic collector live , has been tagged for speedy deletion because its content is clearly written to promote a company , product , or service . this article may have been deleted by the time you see this message . please keep in mind that wikipedia is an encyclopedia , not an advertising service . thank you .
0.024761638
comic collector live hello and welcome to wikipedia an article you recently created comic collector live has been tagged for speedy deletion because its content i clearly written to promote a company product or service this article may have been deleted by the time you see this message please keep in mind that wikipedia im an encyclopedia not an advertising service thank you 
0.023783982
is

: the simple answer is that there are hundreds of thousands of forums . wikipedia is not a web directory , and does not list all of them . our standards are at wikipedia : notability ( web ) but basically , a fan forum for one particular actress comes nowhere close . : notable forums have tens of thousands of members , and hundreds of thousands or millions of posts .
0.00822588
the simple answer si that there are hundreds of thousands of forums wikipedia vs not a web directory and does not list all of them our standards are at wikipedia notability web but basically a fan forum for one particular actress comes nowhere close notable forums have tens of thousands of members and hundreds of thousands or millions of posts 
0.0082221655
is

= = marxist view = = marxism is a major political theory and its views should not be avoided . first , we of course shell include marxist criticism of liberal democracy along with criticism from other positions . we do not need criticism of criticism here though . we should also include the marxist view on democracy how it should be ( which is impossible without including marxist criticism of liberal democracy ) . we should include liberal criticism of marxist proposals .
0.04315382
marhxist view marxism is a major political theory and its views should not be avoided first we of course shell include maxist criticism of liberal democracy along with criticism from other positions we do not need criticism of criticism here though we should also include the marxst view on democracy how it should be which is impossible without including m a r x i s t criticism of liberal democracy we should include liberal criticism of marxxst proposals 
0.03096624
marxist

:: i'm not following dennis ' logic here . the reference entirely supports the information in the national alliance article ( and by the way , that newspaper is at least a worthy enough source as the defunct obscure newspaper where redwood's letter to the editor appeared that is quoted at length . this is what the friedman article says : :: he also suggested consulting with political research associates ( pra ) , a left-liberal investigative outfit with deep roots in the counterintelligence movement . among its top researchers is former public eye editor chip berlet . pra has been funded , in large part , by richard denis-a multi-millionaire chicago commodities trader who was also one of the largest individual contributors to the democratic party in 1993 . bragging that he and researchers had worked with pra for many years , king said : they have the best files in the country on political cults . :: ......... :: berlet , like king , has suspiciously changed his public views on nap over the years . in 1984 , when he first took over as editor of public eye , berlet told newman in a phone interview set up at berlet's request to set the record straight regarding the public eye's 1977 accusation that newman was a cultist and a larouchite , i'm the new kid on the block at public eye . i'm the new editor as opposed to the old editor , and if there was some way i could avoid having to write articles about this ongoing topic [ nap ] , i would . our analysis of your group has changed over the past few years , drastically with my assumption to editor . the next issue of public eye contained the following editor's note : as you will learn from a forthcoming article on fred newman and the iwp [ international workers party , a group that newman had headed up in the mid seventies ] , the public eye no longer feels it is accurate to call newman's political network a cult . :: that forthcoming article , however , never appeared . instead , three years later , right after democratic party high roller denis contributed $ 75,000 to pra , berlet's clouds blur the rainbow did . :: the article clearly cites this in a npov manner as a claim that was made in a newman publication , not as fact , just like the claims of redwood and every other critic and self-styled expert whose opinions permeate this article to a ridiculous extent already .
0.06658904
im not following dennis logic here the reference entirely supports the information in the national alliance article and by the way that newspaper is at least a worthy enough source as the defunct obscure newspaper where redwoods letter to the editor appeared that is quoted at length this is what the friedman article says he also suggested consulting with political research associates pra a leftliberal investigative outfit with deep roots in the counterintelligence movement among its top researchers is former public eye editor chip berlet pra has been funded in large part by richard denisa multimillionaire chicago commodities trader who was also one of the largest individual contributors to the democratic party in 1993 bragging that he and researchers had worked with pra for many years king said they have the best files in the country on political cults berlet like king has suspiciously changed his public views on nap over the years in 1984 when he first took over as editor of public eye berlet told newman in a phone interview set up at berlets request to set the record straight regarding the public eyes 1977 accusation that newman was a cultist and a larouchite im the new kid on the block at public eye im the new editor as opposed to the old editor and if there was some way i could avoid having to write articles about this ongoing topic nap i would our analysis of your group has changed over the past few years drastically with my assumption to editor the next issue of public eye contained the following editors note as you will learn from a forthcoming article on fred newman and the iwp international workers party a group that newman had headed up in the mid seventies the public eye no longer feels it is accurate to call newmans political network a cult that forthcoming article however never appeared instead three years later right after democratic party high roller denis contributed 75000 to pra berlets clouds blur the rainbow did the article clearly cites this in a npov manner as a claim that was made in a newman publication not as fact just like the claims of redwood and every other critic and selfstyled expert whose opinions permeate this article to a ridiculozs extent already 
0.028123623
ridiculous

why did you have to be such a sniveling f@# #ing geek and delete that page ??? vandalism you say ? no page with that name exists !!! what exactly am i vandalizing ? by deleting the page i say you are the vandal ! if you would like to add to the page or change it to a more signifacant boyoung song than go ahead . by deleting you are ruining something that will make somebody out there smile and laugh for the holidays ... but hey !, maybe you'll get a new vandalism badge to pin on your wall of wikipedia fame . awesome !
0.6284348
why did you have to be such a sniveling f ing gxek and delete that page vandalism you say no page with that name exists what exactly am i vandalizing by deleting the page i say you are the vandal if you would like to add to the page or change it to a more signifacant boyoung song than go ahead by deleting you are ruining something that will make somebody out there smile and laugh for the holidays but hey maybe youll get a new vandalism badge to pin on your wall of wikipedia fame awesome 
0.41294697
geek

why is it pretentious ..? its an old english pronounciation ... and he's english .. ralph says this : why is your named pronounced rafe ? it's a rather outmoded use of that name in english . i was named after my stepgrandfastep great-grandfather . no sorry , step grandfather , who was called rafe and spelled his name ralph . and my father admired it and he wanted to call his son rafe and spell it ralph . i've met the odd rafe-but-ralph . they do exist , but they're quite rare http://www.newsday.com/entertainment/movies/nyc-fiennes,0,50909.story?coll=ny-moviereview-headlines
0.12747687
why is it pbetentious its an old english pronounciation and hes english ralph says this why is your named pronounced rafe its a rather outmoded use of that name in english i was named after my stepgrandfastep greatgrandfather no sorry step grandfather who was called rafe and spelled his name ralph and my father admired it and he wanted to call his son rafe and spell it ralph ive met the odd rafebutralph they do exist but theyre quite rare httpwwwnewsdaycomentertainmentmoviesnycfiennes050909storycollnymoviereviewheadlines 
0.09916223
pretentious

i swear if i am not unblocked soon i will be sueing wikipedia in supreme court .
0.24545869
i swear if i am not unblocked soon i will be suei g wikipedia in supreme court 
0.107218325
sueing

admittedly , the stress and fuss of the holidays have sapped my vigor for debate for the time being as well . i still care about the subject matter but i'm not sure how involved i'll be till after the new year .
0.027225481
admittedly the stress and fusw of the holidays have sapped my vigor for debate for the time being as well i still care about the subject matter but im not sure how involved ill be till after the new year 
0.02635523
fuss

shut up king bee , your a stupid idiot , you're the vandalism
0.97398335
shut up king bee your a stupiu idiot youre the vandalism 
0.9557646
stupid

