some of the hostages'fates are unknown . the captors simply showed one video and that's it . they never showed an update video to reveal what the hell happened to them . other kidnapping victims just simply disappeared with no hostage video at all .
0.24302608
some of the hostagesfates are unknown the captors simply showed one video and thats it they never showed an update video to reveal what the hel  happened to them other kidnapping victims just simply disappeared with no hostage video at all 
0.18382688
hell

: gosh . i'd half seen the first ; not the second . i do wish sew could stop being a pain . opinion : i think i'm too close to this to comment neutrally & i won't comment there . i'm sure sew's rfa-notification-spam was malign ; otoh i incline towards ss's free speech attitude . i'm going to leave a note on his talk page . .
0.109959856
gosh id half seen the first not the second i do wish sew could stop being a pain opinion i think im too close to this to comment neutrally i wont comment there im sure sews rfanotificationspam was mhlign otoh i incline towards sss free speech attitude im going to leave a note on his talk page 
0.099542
malign

. i love sex with men , espicially recieving analingus
0.5770948
i love sbx with men espicially recieving analingus 
0.2578607
sex

::: he wouldn't be able to block you for 3rr violation for a week on the first or second occasion , but since you had multiple warnings before and did not listen , this block is quite justified . and heed my words — if you violate 3rr again , i myself will block you for no less than a month . —
0.16357325
he wouldnt be able to blcok you for 3rr violation for a week on the first or second occasion but since you had multiple warnings before and did not listen this blcok is quite justified and heed my words — if you violate 3rr again i myself will blocb you for no less than a month — 
0.13300122
block

:: i was thinking 7:00 - 9:25 ( wikipedian time ) . as i am in computer classes during that tmeframe , respectively , and can keep up on vandalism more . certainly not the whole day , however , because multiple school ip's vandlaism would be comming in from all sides . -|
0.044426676
i was thinking 700 925 wikipedian time as i am in computer classes during that tmeframe respectively and can keep up on nandalism more certainly not the whole day however because multiple school ips vandlaism would be comming in from all sides 
0.027016746
vandalism

i'd like to thank ms. selina kyle for identifying a few more open proxies for us so we could block them . due to the high volume of vandalism that comes from open proxies ( and the very low volume of legitimate edits ) , it's a general presumption that anybody who ( a ) edits through one and ( b ) generally acts like a shit , is a vandal . ms. kyle meets both halves of that condition . i don't recommend that she be unblocked any time soon ( i really don't see any evidence that she has ever substantially contributed to the encyclopedia , and i have no reason to believe that she would start doing so were we to unblock her ) , but i may have been mistaken in identifying her with the program vandals she shared an open proxy with . she is still a very disruptive user , and her current block is totally warranted on that basis . i must say that using an open proxy in combination with her persistently combative and unfriendly attitude definitely has not helped her case .
0.3035661
id like to thank ms selina kyle for identifying a few more open proxies for us so we could block them due to the high volume of vandalism that comes from open proxies and the very low volume of legitimate edits its a general presumption that anybody who a edits through one and b generally acts like a shtt is a vandal ms kyle meets both halves of that condition i dont recommend that she be unblocked any time soon i really dont see any evidence that she has ever substantially contributed to the encyclopedia and i have no reason to believe that she would start doing so were we to unblock her but i may have been mistaken in identifying her with the program vandals she shared an open proxy with she is still a very disruptive user and her current block is totally warranted on that basis i must say that using an open proxy in combination with her persistently combative and unfriendly attitude definitely has not helped her case 
0.091956064
shit

= = please do not refactor my talk page = = it is rather inappropriate of you to remove someone else's comments from my talk page . the only exception for that i might accept is if the comments were a personal attack , and even then i'd prefer that such removals only be done by admins .
0.20026158
please do not refactor my talk page it is rather inappropriahe of you to remove someone elses comments from my talk page the only exception for that i might accept is if the comments were a personal attack and even then id prefer that such removals only be done by admins 
0.16241476
inappropriate

when someone points out a link , you could try reading it before being a revert spazz .
0.039721392
when someone points out a lint you could try reading it before being a revert spazz 
0.037391417
link

: i have yet to see one case of a rajastani take on the punjabi rajas and defeat them . considering that many a punjabi raja has militarily aided many a defeat against you guys historically . kinda leaves your last extremist poem flat doesn't it ? - raja
0.25892392
i have yet to see one case of a rajastani tate on the punjabi rajas and defeat them considering that many a punjabi raja has militarily aided many a defeat against you guys historically kinda leaves your last extremist poem flat doesnt it raja 
0.22854279
take

i think like the simpsons , there are very strong indications its a particular location but certain pieces of evidence disprove it simply to keep people continually guessing . as the article states it is the most likely setting . yes the time zone might be different but more evidence proves it being california than any other location .
0.021116078
i think like the simpsons there are very strong indications its a particular location but certain pieces of evidence disprfve it simply to keep people continually guessing as the article states it is the most likely setting yes the time zone might be different but more evidence proves it being california than any other location 
0.017782556
disprove

= = the source of jan dlugosz = = i would like this source to be added to the article : the annals of jan dlugosz ; isbn 1901019004 ; page 593 ; a.d. 1476 the bessarabian soldiers , who share a language and customs with the walachians and know their secrets and domestic affairs , are able to inflict more damage on them than can the turks note : dlugosz refers to moldavians as walachians and sometimes will mention the voivode of moldavia's walachians ; while the southern wallachians of wallachia are mentioned as bessarabians , and their country as bessarabia . sometimes , however , moldavians are called just moldavians . dlugosz was talking about the battle of baia .
0.027463794
the source of jan dlugosz i would like this source to be added to the article the annals of jan dlugosz isbn 1901019004 page 593 ad 1476 the bessarabian soldiers who share a language and customs with the walachians and know their secrets and domestic affairs are able to inflict more damcge on them than can the turks note dlugosz refers to moldavians as walachians and sometimes will mention the voivode of moldavias walachians while the southern wallachians of wallachia are mentioned as bessarabians and their country as bessarabia sometimes however moldavians are called just moldavians dlugosz was talking about the battle of baia 
0.022094814
damage

{{ unblock }} because bail out is the best fuckin band ever and i should be able to write wehatever i want about them . and i'm sick of this blocking crap ! if you're gonna do that , i want a lifetime ban ! ban !!!! fuck you niggaz !
0.97966385
unblock because bail out is the best fuckin band ever and i should be able to write wehatever i want about them and im sick of this blocking crap if youre gonna do that i want a lifetime ban ban uuck you niggaz 
0.95504826
fuck

= = millitant islamism = = like it or not groups like al qaeda and hezbullah use the word jihad to describe their terrorist activities . even ' nonviolent ' groups like hizb ut tahrir use that line of rhetoric . the article must reflect that in a section of significant size , since this is in fact a significant topic . any addition to this section should be of high quality , researched and sourced . those who have strong opinions on this matter but little knowlege should rather read on the subject than write on it . it's important that the encyclopedia entry seem encyclopedic in its quality . jihadism isn't only a problem for the united states . terrorist attacks have occured in indonedia , in egypt , in bangladesh , all for roughly the same reason , all using jihad as the description of their actions . if i have time , i'll participate in this too .
0.07269816
millitant islamism like it or not groups like al qaeda and hezbullah use the word jihsad to describe their terrorist activities even nonviolent groups like hizb ut tahrir use that line of rhetoric the article must reflect that in a section of significant size since this is in fact a significant topic any addition to this section should be of high quality researched and sourced those who have strong opinions on this matter but little knowlege should rather read on the subject than write on it its important that the encyclopedia entry seem encyclopedic in its quality jihadism isnt only a problem for the united states terrorist attacks have occured in indonedia in egypt in bangladesh all for roughly the same reason all using jihhd as the description of their actions if i have time ill participate in this too 
0.05798512
jihad

:::::: i'm not requesting that you check out the block or anything . i had no intention to . the only point i'm making is that you're not aware of what happened and why , and for that reason it's unfair for you to comment on my response to that situation . i'm not asking you to take the trouble to do anything . heck , i would have preferred you'd taken less trouble than you already have . i'm asking that you remain silent on my response to the block . i've taken a second opinion already , and a third , and they agree celestianpower acted wrongly .
0.14211652
im not requesting that you check out the block or anything i had no intention to the only point im making is that youre not aware of what happened and why and for that reason its unfair for you to comment on my response to that situation im not asking you to take the trouble to do anything heek i would have preferred youd taken less trouble than you already have im asking that you remain silent on my response to the block ive taken a second opinion already and a third and they agree celestianpower acted wrongly 
0.11245034
heck

: justin , this wasn't a rewrite . i know i put that in the edit summary , but it was more a rearranging of the existing information . i really wish you had read the article before you reverted . i did not throw it out and start over ! also , please do a diff from the time of the peer review to now . you'll see the article is nothing like it was when it was peer reviewed .
0.062000293
justin this wasnt a rewrite i know i put that in the edit summary but it was more a rearranging of the existing information i really wish you had read the article before you reverted i did not turow it out and start over also please do a diff from the time of the peer review to now youll see the article is nothing like it was when it was peer reviewed 
0.040532567
throw

: there are plenty of janusz karpinskis out there in the world ... but such a well spoken person ( or group ? ) speaking through this user name , surly wouldn't have missed the play on sound reminding others of another notable karpinski ? sorry if you're not that one either , especially as some may only know the first half of her popularized notability . : the big question , is whether your cogent logical path astutely presented in your afd , will penetrate minds already made up , or especially those who shamelessly employ wikipedia as self-reference to counter-argue deletion of an article where they lack outside reference for proper categorization , or even simple npov treatment of the material . good luck !
0.11157225
there are plenty of janusz karpinskis out there in the world but such a well spoken person or group speaking through this user name surly wouldnt have missed the play on sound reminding others of another notable karpinski sorry if youre not that one either especially as some may only know the first half of her popularized notability the big question it whether your cogent logical path astutely presented in your afd will penetrate minds already made up or especially those who shamelessly employ wikipedia as selfreference to counterargue deletion of an article where they lack outside reference for proper categorization or even simple npov treatment of the material good luck 
0.107555345
is

this ip address and others like it are dynamically assigned nat addresses for the university of bath , uk . as such , blocks placed on them are unlikely to have the desired effect of preventing vandals from offending again . they will simply be reassigned another address in time . there is an added disadvantage that legitimate editors behind the bath proxy will be blocked when the address is leased to them .
0.050580055
this ip address and others like it are dynamically assigned nat addresses for the university of ath uk as such blocks placed on them are unlikely to have the desired effect of preventing vandals from offending again they will simply be reassigned another address in time there is an added disadvantage that legitimate editors behind the baty proxy will be blocked when the address is leased to them 
0.028624894
bath

