some idiot named dick clark keeps on writing false information about my colleague walter block . please keep him off the board .
0.81626314
some sdiot named dick clark keeps on writing false information about my colleague walter block please keep him off the board 
0.39657998
idiot

definition of wikipedia : the world view according to egophiles who are so in love with themselves , they cannot know the truth even when it is demonstrated to them . we have sysops and administrators acting as dictators ( melchoir ) and repressed homosexuals ( ksmrq ) practising the queen's english rather than caring about the topic at hand . need i mention all the other closet cases ? i think this is sufficient . who the hell do you think you are melchoir ? enjoy your activity here because it's about all you can do . i really hope that someone eventually shuts you down for publishing false information . as for me , i do have better things to do .
0.29182088
definition of wikipedia the world view according to egophiles who are so in love with themselves they cannot know the truth even when it is demonstrated to them we have sysops and administrators acting as dictators melchoir and repressed homosexuals ksmrq practising the queens english rather than caring about the topic at hand need i mention all the other closet cases i think this is sufficient who the hrll do you think you are melchoir enjoy your activity here because its about all you can do i really hope that someone eventually shuts you down for publishing false information as for me i do have better things to do 
0.2345286
hell

= = segements to be removed = = the following should be cited with legitmate sources ( ie no moon hoax type websites ) or removed : although it has been maintained that he was killed by a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head at that site , no bullet fragments were ever found and very little blood was present at the body's final location . while he was located on an incline , the trickle of blood ran contrary to gravity . no explanation was offered to explain this odd phenomenon . no room for made up stuff on this page . as jerry falwell said about the clinton chronicles ( a video he funded and sold ): to this day i do not know the accuracy of the claims made in the clinton chronicles , but nevertheless failed to condemn the poor research and false statements . -gh
0.055948444
segements to be removed the following should be cited with legitmate sources ie no moon hoax type websites or removed although it has been maintained that he was kilied by a selfinflicted gunshot wound to the head at that site no bullet fragments were ever found and very little blood was present at the bodys final location while he was located on an incline the trickle of blood ran contrary to gravity no explanation was offered to explain this odd phenomenon no room for made up stuff on this page as jerry falwell said about the clinton chronicles a video he funded and sold to this day i do not know the accuracy of the claims made in the clinton chronicles but nevertheless failed to condemn the poor research and false statements gh 
0.049023308
killed

= = michael ealy = = please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia .
0.1663986
michael ealy please stop if you continue to valdalize pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia 
0.13672163
vandalize

= = how they do it . revealing how vandals prevent accurate information on poppers , that they disagree with , from being posted here ! = = i just figured out what's going on what these guys are doing to those of us who want to edit the poppers page by adding more accurate and meaningful information , but which they do not agree with . if you can find the time , i urge you to go into the history of the poppers section or page ( click on the history tab at the top of the page ) , and then go to the bottom of that page . there you can click on the largest number , and essentially see all the history of this page from the day it was created ! i just spent time looking at it , and a clear pattern emerges . to be kind , there are some pranksters among us . more realistically , and at worse , they are vandals . some of them appear to be working in concert with each other to make arbritary changes to the edits of people they don't agree with . they literally and very quickly ' revert ' the versions back and forth among their own versions , all the while essentially vandalizing the credible information that more knowledgeable people have posted . then , when the unsuspecting editors realize something's going on , that their edits are being deleted almost within minutes of their having posted them , and when they try to figure out how best to react and deal with the problem , as they begin the inevitable complaining and asking of questions , they are harrassed and threaten with having their accounts ' blocked ' ; or they're falsely accused of violating various rules of wikipedia , upon which they are often then threatened with even more sanctions against them . it is precisely this kind of unethical , irresponsible and despicable behavior that was exposed in the world wide media earlier this week . had i not seen the news reports which described exactly this kind of activity being rampant on wikipedia , i would most likely have never figured out what was going on .
0.12780185
how they do it revealing how vandals prevent accurate information on poppers that they disagree with from being posted here i just figured out whats going on what these guys are doing to those of us who want to edit the poppers page by adding more accurate and meaningful information but which they do not agree with if you can find the time i urge you to go into the history of the poppers section or page click on the history tab at the top of the page and then go to the bottom of that page there you can click on the largest number and essentially see all the history of this page from the day it was created i just spent time looking at it and a clear pattern emerges to be kind there are some pranksters among us more realistically and at worse they are vandals some of them appear to be working in concert with each other to make arbritary changes to the edits of people they dont agree with they literally and very quickly revert the versions back and forth among their own versions all the while essentially vandalizing the credible information that more knowledgeable people have posted then when the unsuspecting editors realize somethings going on that their edits are being deleted almost within minutes of their having posted them and when they try to figure out how best to react and deal with the problem as they begin the inevitable complaining and asking of questions they are harrassed and threaten with having their accounts blocked or theyre falsely accused of violating various rules of wikipedia upon which they are often then threatened with even more sanctions against them it is precisely this kind of unethical irresponsible and fespicable behavior that was exposed in the world wide media earlier this week had i not seen the news reports which described exactly this kind of activity being rampant on wikipedia i would most likely have never figured out what was going on 
0.084550664
despicable

= = bucoviana = = people from bucovina speak romanian . there is no dialect or grai in romanian language . it is only a very little accent . that is all ! a true moldavian .
0.12069848
bucoviana peoyle from bucovina speak romanian there is no dialect or grai in romanian language it is only a very little accent that is all a true moldavian 
0.09198523
people

= = protest = = the article about jews and progrom from iasi page must go to holocaust and not on that page !
0.2482784
protest the article about jeis and progrom from iasi page must go to holocaust and not on that page 
0.14993368
jews

for the story behind the slanderous accusations from dominick and jg of borg regarding the ewtn screen shots , see this page and , especially , the associated discussion page ( half way down )
0.09530315
for the story behind the slpnderous accusations from dominick and jg of borg regarding the ewtn screen shots see this page and especially the associated discussion page half way down 
0.05235705
slanderous

which you made after i was encouraged by a mediator and an admin to make one against you .
0.04533126
which you fade after i was encouraged by a mediator and an admin to make one against you 
0.04201483
made

hey , pile on ! it's the thing to do .
0.19663753
hey pije on its the thing to do 
0.104322106
pile

* actions speak louder than words . his actions have been despicable .
0.35827446
actions speak louder than words his actions have been despizable 
0.14820386
despicable

: you obviously do not understand . kla was not a governmental organization . serb police or army was . whatever kla was doing , police and army must conduct their operations in accordance with law . mass shooting of alleged kla members without investigation and trial was clearly not in accordance with law .
0.09509295
you obviously do not understand kla was not a governmental organization serb police or army was whatever kla was doing police and army must conduct their operations in accordance with law mass shootimg of alleged kla members without investigation and trial was clearly not in accordance with law 
0.069201335
shooting

= = ethnic violence = = i think the following paragraph should be removed from the article - : it has been suggested that the random violence was a delayed response to crime perpetrated by other middle easterners , such as gang rapes that occured in 2000 and 2002 . my main problem with it is that the claim being put forward is totally unsourced and unsupported . yes , whoever put it in has provided an article from the australian as a source . however , if you actually read this article , it doesn't say anything of the sort about the violence being some kind of delayed response to events in 2000 and 2002 . in fact , it only mentions rape once . here is the relevant section of the article - : in an article on this page nearly two years ago ( don't turn a blind eye to terror in our midst , january 12 , 2004 ) , i argued that the increasing frequency of racially motivated attacks on young australian men and women - including murders , gang rapes and serious assaults by young men of lebanese muslim descent - would rise dramatically throughout australia . these problems remain widespread and have been documented in the ensuing two years . so no mention of any kind of delayed response . therefore , the idea is completely the pov of whoever wrote it , hiding behind a misrepresented source . it should go .
0.08123255
ethnic violence i think the following paragraph should be removed from the article it has been suggested that the random violence was a delayed response to crime perpetrated by other middle easterners such as gang r a p e s that occured in 2000 and 2002 my main problem with it is that the claim being put forward is totally unsourced and unsupported yes whoever put it in has provided an article from the australian as a source however if you actually read this article it doesnt say anything of the sort about the violence being some kind of delayed response to events in 2000 and 2002 in fact it only mentions rape once here is the relevant section of the article in an article on this page nearly two years ago dont turn a blind eye to terror in our midst january 12 2004 i argued that the increasing frequency of racially motivated attacks on young australian men and women including murders gang rcpes and serious assaults by young men of lebanese muslim descent would rise dramatically throughout australia these problems remain widespread and have been documented in the ensuing two years so no mention of any kind of delayed response therefore the idea is completely the pov of whoever wrote it hiding behind a misrepresented source it should go 
0.06048358
rapes

there is nothing to prove : ( i ) a negative number is defined as the product of any non-zero positive real number . ( ii ) the product of any number by zero is zero . this is well-defined . -0 means -1 * 0 . ( iii ) since -1 is a negative number and the by ( ii ) the product of any number by zero is zero , it follows that -1 * 0 = 0 . but -1 * 0 = -0 , therefore -0 = 0 .
0.06265422
there is nothing to prove i a neagtive number is defined as the product of any nonzero positive real number ii the product of any number by zero is zero this is welldefined 0 means 1 0 iii since 1 is a iegative number and the by ii the product of any number by zero is zero it follows that 1 0 0 but 1 0 0 therefore 0 0 
0.062167797
negative

melchoir , my logic is flawless and i know very well what you are trying to do . you might as well give up here because there is no analogy between this proof and 0.999 ... = 1 . there is simply no way you can start off with 0.999 ... and end up with 1 using transitivity of equality . why ? because 0.999 ... is not equal to 1 . it is less than 1 .
0.051780637
melchoir my logic ifs flawless and i know very well what you are trying to do you might as well give up here because there si no analogy between this proof and 0999 1 there vis simply no way you can start off with 0999 and end up with 1 using transitivity of equality why because 0999 si not equal to 1 it ip less than 1 
0.03599713
is

orchids of western australia = = thanks for your quick work on this stub . = =
0.016954344
orjhids of western australia thanks for your quick work on this stub 
0.014432211
orchids

= = one more thing ... = = wikipedia does not allow people to advertise their sites . this is considered a form of link spam and is not tolerated . |
0.09583395
one more thing wikipedia does not allow people to advertise their sites this is considered a form of link spam and is not golerated 
0.062618226
tolerated

thanks for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks . — 2005-12-19 22:43 z
0.007952648
thanks for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to dw take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks — 20051219 2243 z 
0.005276279
do

