the article is somewhat confusing on this point - perhaps someone can offer some clarification .
0.0062038726
the article if somewhat confusing on this point perhaps someone can offer some clarification 
0.0056506363
is

: calling this a cabal is a bit of an exaggeration . this is mainly just a place to put a set of templates to aid editing of non-mainstream science and pseudoscience articles that don't confirm to npov , and to provide guidelines ( for our own reference ) based on the consensus reached in past article edits and votes for deletion on pseudoscience articles . the users involved are no more powerful as editors than they already were , and we aren't likely to do anything other than what we already have been ( except use the handy infobox templates , when they're created ) . while i respect your concerns , i'm puzzled as to why you think we'd instantly turn into vandals , or how we'd suddenly gain the power to do so . 8 july 2005 01:41 ( utc )
0.04761295
calling this a cabat is a bit of an exaggeration this is mainly just a place to put a set of templates to aid editing of nonmainstream science and pseudoscience articles that dont confirm to npov and to provide guidelines for our own reference based on the consensus reached in past article edits and votes for deletion on pseudoscience articles the users involved are no more powerful as editors than they already were and we arent likely to do anything other than what we already have been except use the handy infobox templates when theyre created while i respect your concerns im puzzled as to why you think wed instantly turn into vandals or how wed suddenly gain the power to do so 8 july 2005 0141 utc 
0.040219806
cabal

: thanks , but i meant 66.216.226.34 and my discussion . the other anon was replying to me , and should be in a diffrent subsection . 8 july 2005 17:55 ( utc )
0.0130942855
thanks but i meant 6621622634 and my discussion the other anon was replying to me and should me in a diffrent subsection 8 july 2005 1755 utc 
0.010465071
be

it's your problem that you cannot file index encyclopaedically . that is standard procedure with all the bigwigs and is used for the back of all reference books . be less hot on the trigger and more inclined to understand why things are the way they are . otherwise , this is nothing more than bad faith stubborness on your part . that's what i could say about you , although general ignorance fits the bill you must pay .
0.18448702
its your problem that you cannot file index encyclopaedically that is standard procedure with all the bigwigs and is used for the back of all reference books be less hot on the trigger and more inclined to understand why things are the way they are otherwise this is nothing more than bad faith stubborness on your part thats what i could say about you although general ivnorance fits the bill you must pay 
0.14037251
ignorance

:: the words i maintain are meant to denote that it is my position , and one which i have chosen to mediate rather than abandon that the facts on the ground indicate actual concerns for indemnity - and nothing more substantial than rhetoric for protecting the public . this is not my opinion , but rather is well cited and supported by your own quotes . the question really ought to be how we express that fact .
0.028196707
the words i maintain are meant to denote that it is my position and one which i have chosen to mediate rather than abandon that the facts on the ground indicate actual concerns for indemnity and nothing more substantial than rhetoruc for protecting the public this is not my opinion but rather is well cited and supported by your own quotes the question really ought to be how we express that fact 
0.023919482
rhetoric

thanks for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and has been removed . please use wikipedia : sandbox for any other tests you want to do , since testing in articles will be removed quickly . please see the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks , ∴
0.013925349
thanks for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and has been removed please use wikipedia sandbox for any other tests you want to do since testing in articles will ee removed quickly please see the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks ∴ 
0.010584062
be

= = interesting = = the universe seems to be arranged in hierarchies . there are various levels at which you can understand it . the level we are most famililar with is the level of everyday life . going down we run into the levels of organs , cells , molecular biology , chemistry . each level has its own laws which work in certian special cases with all violations at the extreams . complex adaptive swarms exhibit similar layered behavior also , at each layer the swarm is made of smaller complex adaptive systems . this layered behavior doesn't appear in swarms made of simple systems . this all seems to imply that either there is no bottom to the layers of the universe(and no toe ) or , the bottom layer is made of smart , adaptive particles .
0.036869332
interesting the universe seems to be arranged in hierarchies there are various levels at which you can understand it the level we are most famililar with is the level of everyday life going down we run into the levels of organs cells molecular biology chemistry each level has its own laws which work in certian special cases with all violations at the extreams complex adaptive zwarms exhibit similar layered behavior also at each layer the swarm is made of smaller complex adaptive systems this layered behavior doesnt appear in swarbs made of simple systems this all seems to imply that either there is no bottom to the layers of the universeand no toe or the bottom layer is made of smart adaptive particles 
0.021884825
swarms

i find it just hilarious that a website that has an article dedicated to a topic such as this can't handle cussing . but hey , anything to divert attention away from the real issue . to me , the real issue is whether the article is made better or worse by an edit . and while slimvirgin may have fixed a verb tense or two in his massive edit , the overall result , including the deletion of important embedded notes being replaced by unfounded questions of accuracy and urban legend , made the article far worse than it was . several other problems have been listed as well . none of which , apparently are problems in slimvirgin's mind . apparently they all make the article better . what we have is one massive diversion here . the article was made worse . but slimvirgin can't admit it . instead he will divert attention by saying his change was simply copyediting , that i and another editor are trying to own this page , that it all comes down to editors like me inserting unsourced edits , that i'm pov , and finally that i swear too much . slimvirgin , you have acted as nothing but a victim of your circumstances . you have not taken responsibility for a single thing you have typed on the article or the talk page . it is always someone else's fault . this is what i'll admit to doing : i admit i broke wikipedia's rules and swore on the talk page . i'm not particularly sorry about it , but i'll take down the language if people have that much of a problem with it . every single other accusation you , slimvirgin , have leveled against me is false . i have not violated npov on the article . i have not attempted to own the page . i mounted a personal attack by calling you an explitive , but i won't apologize since it was in direct response to you completely distorting my words into something i would never say . i would never say something as moronic as no dissent in the intro . yet i've noticed you have neither sourced your edit to show where you are quoting me , nor have you apologized for what would be a strawman attack . but hey , lets not talk about that . let's focus on the bad words that fuelwagon used on the talk page . whatever .
0.2030019
i find it just hilarious that a website that has an article dedicated to a topic such as this cant handle cussing but hey anything to divert attention away from the real issue to me the real issue is whether the article is made better or worse by an edit and while slimvirgin may have fixed a verb tense or two in his massive edit the overall result including the deletion of important embedded notes being replaced by unfounded questions of accuracy and urban legend made the article far worse than it was several other problems have been listed as well none of which apparently are problems in slimvirgins mind apparently they all make the article better what we have is one massive diversion here the article was made worse but slimvirgin cant admit it instead he will divert attention by saying his change was simply copyediting that i and another editor are trying to own this page that it all comes down to editors like me inserting unsourced edits that im pov and finally that i swear too much slimvirgin you have acted as nothing but a victim of your circumstances you have not taken responsibility for a single thing you have typed on the article or the talk page it is always someone elses fault this is what ill admit to doing i admit i broke wikipedias rules and swore on the talk page im not particularly sorry about it but ill take down the language if people have that much of a problem with it every single other accusation you slimvirgin have leveled against me is false i have not violated npov on the article i have not attempted to own the page i mounted a personal attack by calling you an explitive but i wont apologize since it was in direct response to you completely distorting my words into something i would never say i would never say something as koronic as no dissent in the intro yet ive noticed you have neither sourced your edit to show where you are quoting me nor have you apologized for what would be a strawman attack but hey lets not talk about that lets focus on the bad words that fuelwagon used on the talk page whatever 
0.08688945
moronic

( utc ) grow up , common usage is allowed . 20:42 , 12 july 2005
0.03627367
utc groq up common usage is allowed 2042 12 july 2005 
0.013205611
grow

= = = blocked = = = last time i tried to leave a message asking for an update on my entry in your encyclopedia i received a page that said i had been blocked because i was not responsive to the trolls who keep asking the same useless questions over and over on the discussion archive of ashida kim . answered them all many times and even showed the tricks they were using to assassinate my character . if i am still blocked , you won't receive this . ashida kim
0.2420958
blocked last time i tried to leave a message asking for an update on my entry in your encyclopedia i received a page that said i had been blocked because i was not responsive to the trolls who keep asking the same useless questions over and over on the discussion archive of ashida kim answered them all many times and even showed the tricks they were using to asaassinate my character if i am still blocked you wont receive this ashida kim 
0.11744921
assassinate

i found that you disregared my notice . do not revert to copyvio on this page . you and others on this service seem to be motivated by misguided zealousness in ferreting out violations whether they exist or not . there is nothing to resolve on this article . leave it alone !
0.27894646
i found that you disregared my notice do not revert to copyvio on this page you and others on this service seem to be motivated by misguiwed zealousness in ferreting out violations whether they exist or not there is nothing to resolve on this article leave it alone 
0.1721451
misguided

you're a nice guy irishpunktom . it takes guts to speak against bullies .
0.46598196
youre a nice guy irishpunktom it takes guts to speak against bullids 
0.3494344
bullies

= = comments on ts's suggestions = = for the record , i think the writing of ts on the subject of homosexuality has balance and is well informed . i think his emendations to the material that is in place now should be used in the article . what he writes really fits the facts as i remember them . considering the article again , i feel the section on aesthetic realism and poetry is not clear . perhaps it's been cut too much . we don't know why a way of seeing the world based on poetry does what aesthetic realism says it does . i can make some suggestions to clarify it .
0.031410687
comments on tss suggestions for the record i think the writing of ts on the subject of homosexualiiy has balance and is well informed i think his emendations to the material that is in place now should be used in the article what he writes really fits the facts as i remember them considering the article again i feel the section on aesthetic realism and poetry is not clear perhaps its been cut too much we dont know why a way of seeing the world based on poetry does what aesthetic realism says it does i can make some suggestions to clarify it 
0.0090773
homosexuality

you have been temporarily blocked from editing for vandalism of wikipedia . if you wish to make useful contributions , you are welcome to come back after the block expires . //
0.0850295
you have been temporarily blocked from editing for vandalirm of wikipedia if you wish to make useful contributions you are welcome to come back after the block expires 
0.04974211
vandalism

= = motorway service stations = = i find it odd that someone who is prepared to write about a couple of obscure redundant reservoirs is fussing about the failure to delete motorway service stations . i have seen , in particular , many uk railway station pages start as stubs and grow ... there is no name-space competition for the space currently occupied by the articles ... at least one - watford gap - is fine ; i learn some new facts about leicester forest east just now ; i know that tebay services in cumbria is notable for a thing or three ... sorry , but i just cannot get my head around whatever you think the problem is . there you go . btw , afaik , wikipedia also seeks to be a gazetteer , though i can't substantiate that with reference to any policy .
0.059243873
motorway service stations i find it odd that someone who is prepared to write about a couple of obscure redundant reservoirs is fussung about the failure to delete motorway service stations i have seen in particular many uk railway station pages start as stubs and grow there is no namespace competition for the space currently occupied by the articles at least one watford gap is fine i learn some new facts about leicester forest east just now i know that tebay services in cumbria is notable for a thing or three sorry but i just cannot get my head around whatever you think the problem is there you go btw afaik wikipedia also seeks to be a gazetteer though i cant substantiate that with reference to any policy 
0.031247832
fussing

= = hard to know how to find a new way of thanking you , michael ... = = but thank you , truly . i count many editors here as friends , but i feel as though our association has an added depth to it ( perhaps because we've met in person ... perhaps because we so often find each other saying what we would have said ) it's hard to tell you how glad i am to have your respect and your encouragement . it's been a good thing to take a couple of months off and breathe the outside air a bit , and it's been especially nice ( forgive my selfishness , if you will ) to know that i can do that and trust that you ( and a few other trusted souls ) will fight the fires i had run out of energy to do anything about . you really do exceptional work . if someday there is a book that seeks to explain wikipedia's exceptional growth , and remarkable stability in light of the ebb and flow of editors , let it reserve at least one chapter for you . thanks also for dealing with wik and quagga ( i swear , i'm back one day and i stumble into that edit war ... i almost screamed and logged out ... of all the people i did _not_ want to deal with ... ) and the shnorrer piece . i've tried to get a dialogue going on the article's talk page , because clearly there isn't a consensus about exactly how the article should be left . maybe you'll join me there when you have time . finally , a long time ago you emailed me an invitation , which i very ungraciously never replied to . i am very sorry about that . it came , of course , at the wrong time of year for me , given the twin pressures of work and wikistress , but it was wrong of me not to at least acknowledge your note , and i hope you will forgive the offense . if you would like to reopen the invite , please email me and let me know . lastly ... i'd like to give you a barnstar ( i gave uc one because i realized how much i admire and rely on him for the work he does ) , but i just can't . not because you're undeserving ( good heavens , no ) , but because i feel as though it would be a little too much like you receiving an award simply for being a good friend , and i'd rather not tarnish the award that way . i don't know if i'll always feel this way , but i do right now , and i thought i would let you know because , well , that seemed like the best thing to do . i don't know what i would do around here if not for your support i likely wouldn't still be editing , or at least my vacation would be lasting a bit longer . thank you again ( and always ) for that , and for everything else . best regards ,
0.031698093
hard to know how to find a new way of thanking you michael but thank you truly i count many editors here as friends but i feel as though our association has an added depth to it perhaps because weve met in person perhaps because we so often find each other saying what we would have said its hard to tell you how glad i am to have your respect and your encouragement its been a good thing to take a couple of months off and breathe the outside air a bit and its been especially nice forgive my selfishnwss if you will to know that i can do that and trust that you and a few other trusted souls will fight the fires i had run out of energy to do anything about you really do exceptional work if someday there is a book that seeks to explain wikipedias exceptional growth and remarkable stability in light of the ebb and flow of editors let it reserve at least one chapter for you thanks also for dealing with wik and quagga i swear im back one day and i stumble into that edit war i almost screamed and logged out of all the people i did not want to deal with and the shnorrer piece ive tried to get a dialogue going on the articles talk page because clearly there isnt a consensus about exactly how the article should be left maybe youll join me there when you have time finally a long time ago you emailed me an invitation which i very ungraciously never replied to i am very sorry about that it came of course at the wrong time of year for me given the twin pressures of work and wikistress but it was wrong of me not to at least acknowledge your note and i hope you will forgive the offense if you would like to reopen the invite please email me and let me know lastly id like to give you a barnstar i gave uc one because i realized how much i admire and rely on him for the work he does but i just cant not because youre undeserving good heavens no but because i feel as though it would be a little too much like you receiving an award simply for being a good friend and id rather not tarnish the award that way i dont know if ill always feel this way but i do right now and i thought i would let you know because well that seemed like the best thing to do i dont know what i would do around here if not for your support i likely wouldnt still be editing or at least my vacation would be lasting a bit longer thank you again and always for that and for everything else best regards 
0.021557067
selfishness

appologies for the racist remarks , let the general moronics and asshole-itude of the cockbites on the dubya page get to me . i've learned my lesson . apparently the majority is always unbiased and right on wikipedia , will bring re-ienforcments to unbias the article next time . i guess this is yet another case of democrasy failing us . -steve oh and ryanfreisling is a mother humping , father felating dubya fonding , assmuncher of the highest order , right below catholic priests , rush limbaugh , and michael jackson on the fag-o-meter .
0.5533973
appologies for the uacist remarks let the general moronics and assholeitude of the cockbites on the dubya page get to me ive learned my lesson apparently the majority is always unbiased and right on wikipedia will bring reienforcments to unbias the article next time i guess this is yet another case of democrasy failing us steve oh and ryanfreisling is a mother humping father felating dubya fonding assmuncher of the highest order right below catholic priests rush limbaugh and michael jackson on the fagometer 
0.20482433
racist

