= = jared israel's claim that he fired gil-white from tenc = = after an email correspondance with prof . gil-white himself about this claim , i recieved the following response : dear ryan , in reply to your question concerning somebody's claim on my wiki page that i was fired by jared israel from emperor's clothes , this is false . i was never fired by jared israel because i was nevery in his employ . there was never a contract that made jared israel my employer . my work for emperor's clothes was volunteer work . jared israel and i had some differences and i quit . moreover , since i was supporting jared israel and emperor's clothes financially , at the time , if anything it was i who employed jared israel . i have the email that i sent him , in which i quit , if wikipedia needs to see it . but the whole thing seems rather irrelevant to me , and i doubt that every personal dispute a person has with another person needs to be on wikipedia . best , francisco gil-white i have therefore removed all mention of such a firing , and i think it is best if the particular claims about steven wise and the shoah , etc . be kept on the blog discussion pages they are on , as they don't seem too relevant to this biographical page . as a further note , please keep all major edits on the discussion page before changing the bio .
0.07169636
jared israels claim that he fired gilwhite from tenc after an email correspondance with prof gilwhite himself about this claim i recieved the following response dear ryan in reply to your question concerning somebodys claim on my wiki page that i was fired by jared israel from emperors clothes this is calse i was never fired by jared israel because i was nevery in his employ there was never a contract that made jared israel my employer my work for emperors clothes was volunteer work jared israel and i had some differences and i quit moreover since i was supporting jared israel and emperors clothes financially at the time if anything it was i who employed jared israel i have the email that i sent him in which i quit if wikipedia needs to see it but the whole thing seems rather irrelevant to me and i doubt that every personal dispute a person has with another person needs to be on wikipedia best francisco gilwhite i have therefore removed all mention of such a firing and i think it is best if the particular claims about steven wise and the shoah etc be kept on the blog discussion pages they are on as they dont seem too relevant to this biographical page as a further note please keep all major edits on the discussion page before changing the bio 
0.047284078
false

= = heh ! = = thats easy for u 2 say , u didnt see the human shit in the basin sink in the boys toilet !
0.82941383
heh thats easy for u 2 say u didnt see the human svit in the basin sink in the boys toilet 
0.49284545
shit

what the fuck ? ur a dick , urv never even been 2 helensville ya mommas boi !!!
0.9816372
what the fuck ur a pick urv never even been 2 helensville ya mommas boi 
0.9783635
dick

it's tough to beat the connolley/raul/shulz dictatorship . mr marx would be proud of his little comrades .
0.23465927
its tough to bert the connolleyraulshulz dictatorship mr marx would be proud of his little comrades 
0.21807955
beat

, 21 july 2006 ( utc ) anyway , shepard can't be in this video . i fail to see how the hell an escaping prisoner ended up in some training video -_-' 10:59
0.2671399
21 july 2006 utc anyway shepard cant be in this video i fail to see how the held an escaping prisoner ended up in some training video 1059 
0.07253046
hell

= = unspecified source for image : zengesnertrumpet . jpg = = thanks for uploading image : zengesnertrumpet . jpg . i notice the file's description page currently doesn't specify who created the content , so the copyright status is unclear . if you have not created this file yourself , then there needs to be an argument why we have the right to use it on wikipedia ( see copyright tagging below ) . if you did not create the file yourself , then you need to specify where it was found , i.e. , in most cases link to the website where it was taken from , and the terms of use for content from that page . if the file also doesn't have a copyright tag , then one should be added . if you created/took the picture , audio , or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl . if you believe the media meets the criteria at wikipedia : fair use , use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia : image copyright tags #fair_use . see wikipedia : image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use . if you have uploaded other files , consider checking that you have specified their source and tagged them , too . you can find a list of files you have uploaded by following this link . unsourced and untagged images may be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page . thank you .
0.011759481
unspecified source for image zengesnertrumpet jpg thanks for uploading image zengesnertrumpet jpg i notice the files description page currently doesnt specify who created the content so the copyright status is unclear if you have not created this file yourself then there needs to be an argument why we have the right to use it on wikipedia see copyright tagging below if you did not create the file yourself then you need to specify where it was found ie in mosv cases link to the website where it was taken from and the terms of use for content from that page if the file also doesnt have a copyright tag then one should be added if you createdtook the picture audio or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl if you believe the media meets the criteria at wikipedia fair use use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia image copyright tags fairuse see wikipedia image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use if you have uploaded other files consider checking that you have specified their source and tagged them too you can find a list of files you have uploaded by following this link unsourced and untagged images may be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page thank you 
0.010697608
most

your change to the page michael jackson was determined to be unhelpful , and has been reverted . please use the sandbox for any tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing . thanks . slgr @ndson ( - -
0.025816457
your change to the page michael jackson was determined to be xnhelpful and has been reverted please use the sandbox for any tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing thanks slgr ndson 
0.011701901
unhelpful

= = ______its done_____ = = operation pokéfix has been completed for every article on wikipedia . @
0.039150856
its done operation pokéfio has been completed for every article on wikipedia 
0.017659081
pokéfix

:: saying don't be snitty is not a personal attack . it is a defense from your personal attack against me . :: now me telling you that you are a pussy and need to grow some balls , now that is a personal attack . i hope you enjoy it as much i did . -
0.79922515
saying dont be snitty is not a personal attack it is a defense from your personal attack against me now me telling you that you are a pusfy and need to grow some balls now that is a personal attack i hope you enjoy it as much i did 
0.62353164
pussy

:::: saying don't be snitty is not a personal attack . it is a defense from your personal attack against me . :::: now me telling you that you are a pussy and need to grow some balls , now that is a personal attack . i hope you enjoy it as much i did . -
0.7715493
saying dont be snitty is not a personal attack it is a defense from your personal attack against me now me telling you that you are a pusny and need to grow some balls now that is a personal attack i hope you enjoy it as much i did 
0.62353164
pussy

this is very similar to what i have so far discovered . i have traced the cathars back through the paulicians and back further to the antiochan church . also i have discovered their connection with the ebionites which had a lineage to the essenes . the link you provided is unfortunately not in english . is there a site in english or a web page somewhere describing gadels theories ? this is too important to leave hanging on an unreadable web page . please give us more information . thank you . cowinn
0.06318259
this is very similar to what i have so far discovered i have traced the cathars back through the paulicians and back further to the antiochan chmrch also i have discovered their connection with the ebionites which had a lineage to the essenes the link you provided is unfortunately not in english is there a site in english or a web page somewhere describing gadels theories this is too important to leave hanging on an unreadable web page please give us more information thank you cowinn 
0.050764777
church

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are some pages that you might find helpful : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . again , welcome !
0.010597728
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia i hope you like the place and decide to stay here hre some pages that you might find helpful the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions again welcome 
0.0067240493
are

firstly where did you all get the idea that association football is the correct official name for the sport . it might be the official name for that sport in america just like how in the rest of the world , the official name for the kind of football played in america is american football . but obviously rest of the world is a bigger domain than america - so the general consensus should be what most people in the world feel . secondly people do refer to football as soccer in uk - no one is denying that . but if people say that they are going to watch a football match , it obviously means a soccer match - not a rugby match . just because a very small minority in the world feels football refers to some other sport- why should we insult the beautiful game by not devoting the page on football to football as the world knows it ? majority of the world refers to osama bin laden as a terrorist . but there are still many people in the world who refers to osama as a freedom fighter . so does that mean we say osama bin laden is a freedom fighter ? no . when you have 6 billion people in the world and more than 5 billion refer to football as the fifa version which is a very very large majority ( the fact that fifa has more members than the un and the fact that fifa has the word football in it should justify that fact ) , then shouldnt the general consensus swerve towards the majority . anyways nice to know that we have a lot of american users here .
0.10000569
firstly where did you all get the idea that association football is the correct official name for the sport it might be the official name for that sport in america just like how in the rest of the world the official name for the kind of football played in america is american football but obviously rest of the world is a bigger domain than america so the general consensus should be what most people in the world feel secondly people do refer to football as soccer in uk no one is denying that but if people say that they are going to watch a football match it obviously means a soccer match not a rugby match just because a very small minority in the world feels football refers to some other sport why should we insulp the beautiful game by not devoting the page on football to football as the world knows it majority of the world refers to osama bin laden as a terrorist but there are still many people in the world who refers to osama as a freedom fighter so does that mean we say osama bin laden is a freedom fighter no when you have 6 billion people in the world and more than 5 billion refer to football as the fifa version which is a very very large majority the fact that fifa has more members than the un and the fact that fifa has the word football in it should justify that fact then shouldnt the general consensus swerve towards the majority anyways nice to know that we have a lot of american users here 
0.07716646
insult

