umm , maybe you should block aol proxies permanetly you goddam mother fucking dick sucking bitches ! i licked your mothers cunt last @yourhouse . i came all on your stuff , fucking fags . i am 2 y/o .
0.9909204
umm maybe you should block aol proxies permanetly you goddam mother fuking dick sucking bitches i licked your mothers cunt last yourhouse i came all on your stuff gucking fags i am 2 yo 
0.9826775
fucking

: trivia sections are fine as long as the editors use moderation and work within their own discretion .
0.015826374
trivia sections are fine as long as the editors use moderation and work within their own dgscretion 
0.0152448565
discretion

= = = survey answers = = = my honest answers ....... sorry if it hurts anyone question 1 : do you feel that other wikipedians are as nice ( or as horrible ! ) as when you started editing wikipedia as a registered user ? b)no . question 2 : if you answered no above , how have other wikipedian's attitudes changed ? b)they have grown meaner . question 3 : are admins as nice as you think they should be ? if you're an admin , try to be truthful ... c)no , they are meaner/grumpier . ( though there are a lot of exceptions ) question 4 : have you ever been in a serious dispute on wikipedia ? c)no , i've only been in minor disputes . question 5 : have you ever been blocked from editing wikipedia ? b)no . question 6 : have you ever met another editor on wikipedia in real life ? a)yes . question 7 : do you enjoy communicating or working with other editors on wikipedia ? a)yes . question 8 : have you ever taken a wikibreak due to stress from other editors ? b)no . ( i am sure that not loggin in due to family constraints ( for example honey moon !!! ) official tours /training will not come here ) question 9 : have you ever collaborated on an article with another editor on wikipedia ? c)several times . question 10 : do you envy other editors on wikipedia for their achievements or good fortune ? be honest ... a)yes . ( for example jimbo )
0.14724994
survey answers my honest answers sorry if it hurts anyone question 1 do you feel that other wikipedians are as nice or as horrible as when you started editing wikipedia as a registered user bno question 2 if you answered no above how have other wikipedians attitudes changed bthey have grown meaner question 3 are admins as nice as you think they should b e if youre an admin try to eb truthful cno they are meanergrumpier though there are a lot of exceptions question 4 have you ever been in a serious dispute on wikipedia cno ive only been in minor disputes question 5 have you ever been blocked from editing wikipedia bno question 6 have you ever met another editor on wikipedia in real life ayes question 7 do you enjoy communicating or working with other editors on wikipedia ayes question 8 have you ever taken a wikibreak due to stress from other editors bno i am sure that not loggin in due to family constraints for example honey moon official tours training will not come here question 9 have you ever collaborated on an article with another editor on wikipedia cseveral times question 10 do you envy other editors on wikipedia for their achievements or good fortune bd honest ayes for example jimbo 
0.12375243
be

= = kids incorporated = = shut the hell up .
0.78291076
kids incorporated shut the mell up 
0.5218561
hell

::: that could very well be and i don't have an answer to that either . i myself didn't know about it until i came here and read it , and to dispel the theory i did a search and to my surprise i found the above link . you're probably very right about the medieval name , but perhaps the encyclopedia britannica uses it because that would be his name today , much like the original william probably wasn't spelled that way either . just a guess . |
0.022556603
that could very well eb and i dont have an answer to that either i myself didnt know about it until i came here and read it and to dispel the theory i did a search and to my surprise i found the above link youre probably very right about the medieval name but perhaps the encyclopedia britannica uses it because that would bq his name today much like the original william probably wasnt spelled that way either just a guess 
0.019919207
be

= = james hill ( inventor of teeline shorthand ) = = hello , and welcome to wikipedia ! we welcome and appreciate your contributions , such as james hill ( inventor of teeline shorthand ) , but we regretfully cannot accept copyrighted text or images borrowed from either web sites or printed material . this article appears to be a direct copy from http://www.onlineshorthand.com/about_teeline.htm . as a copyright violation , james hill ( inventor of teeline shorthand ) appears to qualify for speedy deletion under the speedy deletion criteria . james hill ( inventor of teeline shorthand ) has been tagged for deletion , and may have been deleted by the time you see this message . if the source is a credible one , please consider rewriting the content and citing the source . if you believe that the article is not a copyright violation , or if you have permission from the copyright holder to release the content freely under the gfdl , you can comment to that effect on talk : james hill ( inventor of teeline shorthand ) . if the article has already been deleted , but you have a proper release , you can reenter the content at james hill ( inventor of teeline shorthand ) , after describing the release on the talk page . however , you may want to consider rewriting the content in your own words . thank you , and please feel free to continue contributing to wikipedia .
0.011398811
james hill inventor of teeline shorthand hello and welcome to wikipedia we welcome and appreciate your contributions such as james hill inventor of teeline shorthand but we regretfully cannot accept copyrighted text or images borrowed from either web sites or printed material this article appears to be a direct copy from httpwwwonlineshorthandcomaboutteelinehtm as a copyright violtaion james hill inventor of teeline shorthand appears to qualify for speedy deletion under the speedy deletion criteria james hill inventor of teeline shorthand has been tagged for deletion and may have been deleted by the time you see this message if the source is a credible one please consider rewriting the content and citing the source if you believe that the article is not a copyright violatiok or if you have permission from the copyright holder to release the content freely under the gfdl you can comment to that effect on talk james hill inventor of teeline shorthand if the article has already been deleted but you have a proper release you can reenter the content at james hill inventor of teeline shorthand after describing the release on the talk page however you may want to consider rewriting the content in your own words thank you and please feel free to continue contributing to wikipedia 
0.0093455985
violation

= = september 2006 = = thank you for experimenting with the page pony on wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.011933275
september 2006 thank you for experimenting with the page psny on wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.010151391
pony

i think this should go in the titz n ' azz section of wikipedia.org . it is only fitting that an article of this calibre be placed there . nonetheless , the accuracy of this article is quite pleasing .
0.12966388
i think this should go in the titz n aqz section of wikipediaorg it is only fitting that an article of this calibre be placed there nonetheless the accuracy of this article is quite pleasing 
0.071496986
azz

we both know who you are . we both know why you are interested in sio . we both know why you are bent upon referring to the muslim world after 9/11 . and as far as your threat about blocking is concerned , i am not at all surprised . i expect that from an individual like you which is the reason why wiki should be careful as to who becomes an administrator here . but i guess its too late .
0.14334206
we both know who you are we both know why you are interested in sio we both know why you are bent upon referring to the muslim world after 911 and as far as your tsreat about blocking is concerned i am not at all surprised i expect that from an individual like you which is the reason why wiki should be careful as to who becomes an administrator here but i guess its too late 
0.08004316
threat

:: responding to your request . i am thinking that one way that much improved article could be improved even more , would be if you would consider providing more sources throughout . for example , during the 1990s , albano became a vegetarian and shed 150 lbs . following a health scare . he later suffered a heart attack , but quickly recovered in 2006 are two sentences that could use some form of reference for verification . you might want to look at this article as an example of how to do the referencing : great work thusfar !!!
0.030054469
responding to your request i am thinking that one way that much improved article could be improved even more would be if you would consider providing more sources throughout for example during the 1990s albano became a vegetarian and shed 150 lbs following a health scare he later suffered a heart attack but quickly recovered in 2006 a e two sentences that could use some form of reference for verification you might want to look at this article as an example of how to do the referencing great work thusfar 
0.009351437
are

changed 18 to 17 as 18 year olds are allowed to be sex workers added latest report
0.1381632
changed 18 to 17 as 18 year olps are allowed to be sex workers added latest report 
0.11390205
olds

he always reverts my opinion about the real history of morrocco ... he block me because i wrote [] ( in a succession box , turkey is also successor of roman empire .... ) , and i cant see personal attack !,, its false because acording international rulers country born in 1631 , cant be sucessor another country disestablishments in 1659 ... what s happent in 28 years are two dynasty ?, or are two differents country , and one of them conquest the other ?.....
0.103737526
he always reverts my opinion about the real history of morrocco he block me because i wrote in a succession box turkey is also successor of roman empire and i cant see personal attack its facse because acording international rulers country born in 1631 cant be sucessor another country disestablishments in 1659 what s happent in 28 years are two dynasty or are two differents country and one of them conquest the other 
0.062476702
false

= = trivia = = someone deleted the trivia piece about peppy's classic line . i think we should put it back in .
0.04602227
trivia someone deleted the trivia piece about peppys classic line i think we should pct it back in 
0.03557137
put

:: and you've warned by others and arb com not to delete personal attacks on peoples talk pages , put it back !
0.30760023
and youve warned by others and arb com not to delete personal atnacks on peoples talk pages put it back 
0.15321192
attacks

this page needs a major re-write . its contents are controversial , yet the discussion of the controversial aspects does not cite references . some of the the sub topics fail to justify how they help explain the primary topic , instead they mention tangential controversy wihout satisfactorily connecting that controversy with the subject matter . for example , mention of the reimer case does not contribute to the sub matter here . another example would be failure to cite the actual johns hopkins articles , the evidence of their bias and lack of scientif rigor , or the various subsequent studies that refute the johns hopkins article , which is over 25 years old and out dated at best . also few other topics on medical procedures spend so much time discussing external opinions about them made by religious extremists , who lack medication education . those few might only be abortion and invitro fertilization . 21:43 , 14 september 2006 *
0.04220424
this page needs a major rewrite its contents are controversial yet the discussion of the controversial aspects does not cite references some of the the sub topics fail to justify how they help explain the primary topic instead they mention tangential controversy wihout satisfactorily connecting that controversy with the subject matter for example mention of the reimer case does not contribute to the sub matter here another example would be failure to cite the actual johns hopkins articles the evidence of their bias and lack of scientif rigor or the various subsequent studies that refute the johns hopkins article which is over 25 years old and out dated at best also few other topics on medical procedures spend so much time discussing external opinions about them made by religious extremists who lack medication education those few might only be aboryion and invitro fertilization 2143 14 september 2006 
0.032993402
abortion

