= = image tagging image : cardinalturkson . jpg = = {| align = center style = background-color : #ffffff ; border : 8px solid #ff0000 ; padding : 5px ; |- | | this media may be deleted . |} thanks for uploading image : cardinalturkson . jpg . i notice the ' image ' page currently doesn't specify who created the content , so the copyright status is therefore unclear . if you have not created this media yourself then you need to argue that we have the right to use the media on wikipedia ( see copyright tagging below ) . if you have not created the media yourself then you should also specify where you found it , i.e. , in most cases link to the website where you got it , and the terms of use for content from that page . if the media also doesn't have a copyright tag then you must also add one . if you created/took the picture , audio , or video then you can use to release it under the gfdl . if you believe the media qualifies as fair use , please read fair use , and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia : image copyright tags #fair_use . see wikipedia : image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use . if you have uploaded other media , please check that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them , too . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . thank you . /
0.013469542
image tagging image cardinalturkson jpg align center style backgroundcolor ffffff border 8px solid ff0000 padding 5px this media may be deleted thanks for uploading image cardinalturkson jpg i notice the image page currently doesnt specify who created the content so the copyright status is therefore unclear if you have not created this media yourself then you need to argue that we have the right to use the media on wikipedia see copyright tagging below if you have not created the media yourself then you should also specify where you found it ie in most cases link to the website where you got it and the terms of use for content from that page if the media also doesnt have a copyright tag then you must also add one if you createdtook the picture audio or video then you can use to release it under the gfdl if you believe the media qualifies as fair use please read fair use and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia image copyright tags fairuse see wikipedia image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use if you have uploaded other media please check that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them too you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any unsouqced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion thank you 
0.011513879
unsourced

= bigfoot = welcome back . like the devil and daniel webster . true , the intro is a mess and it must be made clear that bigfoot is not a proven zoological species , but is tentative , and unproven . but the search goes on for evidence . the extreme length of this search leads researchers , with or without phds , to speculate that there may be a plan c where the beings may be neither hoax , ( too many sighitngs for that ) nor zoological ( no body ) but instead may be a theoretical space-time creature . this has not yet been stated . it needs to be . skeptical editors can relax and know that skeptics are correct , there is no zoological bigfoot nor yeti . but there is something else . this is being ignored and swept under the rug . always remember that with no official funding , mainstream science has no positive opinion on the topic , and the work goes on by unpaid phds and many amateurs , and one paid non-academic . now , we , the six , on the bf edit committee in berkeley , will edit and re edit , and revert until the end of time to get the true and correct word out to readers . we will not go away . editors would be well-advised to work with our suggestions , since we know the literature and most editors never cracked a book . they , except one or two , do not kow squat on the topic , and most are lost in the theoretical quagmire . most , it seems , are also uneducated . daniel , welcome back . the six
0.08373657
bigfoot welcome back like the devhl and daniel webster true the intro is a mess and it must be made clear that bigfoot is not a proven zoological species but is tentative and unproven but the search goes on for evidence the extreme length of this search leads researchers with or without phds to speculate that there may be a plan c where the beings may be neither hoax too many sighitngs for that nor zoological no body but instead may be a theoretical spacetime creature this has not yet been stated it needs to be skeptical editors can relax and know that skeptics are correct there is no zoological bigfoot nor yeti but there is something else this is being ignored and swept under the rug always remember that with no official funding mainstream science has no positive opinion on the topic and the work goes on by unpaid phds and many amateurs and one paid nonacademic now we the six on the bf edit committee in berkeley will edit and re edit and revert until the end of time to get the true and correct word out to readers we will not go away editors would be welladvised to work with our suggestions since we know the literature and most editors never cracked a book they except one or two do not kow squat on the topic and most are lost in the theoretical quagmire most it seems are also uneducated daniel welcome back the six 
0.071775414
devil

: like if you were from switzerland ( i'm thinking the french part dont know if he was from stelzenstrasse 4 , ch-8152 glattbrugg , zurich !!!!
0.07009931
like if you were from switzerland im thinking the french part dbnt know if he was from stelzenstrasse 4 ch8152 glattbrugg zurich 
0.059681363
dont

: i agree with your conclusions . at best , the sentence is redundant , because it's not news that christians believe in a resurrection . at worst , it's simply ken's pov . i lean towards the latter interpretation .
0.11653761
i agree with your conclusions at best the sentence is redundant because its not news that christians believe in a resurrection at wormt its simply kens pov i lean towards the latter interpretation 
0.03754245
worst

* i agree with pm_shef , ( lets celebrate , we agree on something ! ) mario racco’s name should stay up on here , the fact of the matter is he filed nomination papers and then withdrawn . i would like to put up an explanation why he did this but we do need some reference . it is speculative why he did this although i again agree with pm_shef when he made the assumption it was to draw funds out of his municipal campaign fund , which seems like a reasonable reason to me . i don’t know what the laws are on putting your name in for nomination while holding other office . but this now seems to be a common practice here in vaughan for example , alan shefman put his name in to run municipally in 2004 by-election ( councillor ) while still holding another municipally elected position ( school trustee ) , susan kadis did a similar thing in 2004 as well , running federally while still holding municipal office and racco also did it in 2003 when he ran provincially while still holding municipal office . i do have to say this practice may be legal but i see it as unethical . the most ethical way for candidates to deal with this situation is what oliva chow did ( in toronto ) , she actually resigned her municipal councillor position prior to running for federal office .
0.031882007
i agree with pmshef lets celebrate we agree on something mario racco’s name should stay up on here the fact of the matter is he filed nomination papers and then withdrawn i would like to put up an explanation why he did this but we do need some reference it is speculative why he did this although i again agree with pmshef when he made the assumption it was to draw funds out of his municipal campaign fund which seems like a reasonable reason to me i don’t know what the laws are on putting your name in for nomination while holding other office but this now seems to be a common practice here in vaughan for example alan shefman put his name in to run municipally in 2004 byelection councillor while still holding another municipally elected position school trustee susan kadis did a similar thing in 2004 as well running federally while still holding municipal office and racco also did it in 2003 when he ran provincially while still holding municipal office i do have to say this practice may be legal but i see it as uneehical the most ethical way for candidates to deal with this situation is what oliva chow did in toronto she actually resigned her municipal councillor position prior to running for federal office 
0.023349954
unethical

please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , as you did to german swiss international school , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia .
0.13504907
please stop if you continue to mandalize pages as you did to german swiss international school you will be blocked from editing wikipedia 
0.1187303
vandalize

:: you are admitting creation of it or are you admitting only accusation of creating it ? either way , given the history of the account and the behavior behind it , i must concur with truthcrusader's suspicion . why is it okay for you to accuse others of being sockpuppets , but not okay for others to accuse you of doing the same thing ?
0.18192138
you are admitting creation of it or are you admitting only accusation of creating it either way given the history of the account and the behavior behind it i must concur with truthcrusaders suspicion why is it okay for you to accuse others of being sockpupzets but not okay for others to accuse you of doing the same thing 
0.14503734
sockpuppets

: agreed . chadbryant is merely running at windmills and his visor is obscuring his vision .
0.04663855
agreed phadbryant is merely running at windmills and his visor is obscuring his vision 
0.045630187
chadbryant

= = half-human half-saiyan speculation . = = it says in the article that half-saiyan's bodies are weaker than full saiyans , but as far as i can tell this is purely speculation . the fact that , during the final battle with cell , gohan was stronger than his father at a far younger age , shows that it's simply not true . goten and trunks were also both halfbreeds and , since they both acheived super saiyan at a young age , were both stronger then their fathers at the same age . half-saiyans not being able to acheive super saiyan 3 is also pure speculation - since goten , gohan and trunks all stopped training hard at the end of dbz , logically they wouldn't have gotten there . in any case , goku was the only case of ssj3 to ever occur , so it's very fuzzy in the area . the real proof that it's wrong , however , is that gotenks could go ssj3 . though you could argue that the two ' saiyan halves ' double over , making him pure saiyan , this wouldn't make sense from a genetic point of view . in other words , gotenks was a half-saiyan and he went ssj3 , so there is no proof to say an unfused halfbreed couldn't achieve it if they became powerful enough . i'm making slight edits to remove those comments .
0.06782791
halfhuman halfsaiyan speculation it says in the article that halfsaiyans bodies are weaker than full saiyans but as far as i can tell this is purely speculation the fact that during the final battle with cell gohan was stronger than his father at a far younger age shows that its simply not true goten and tr nks were also both halfbreeds and since they both acheived super saiyan at a young age were both stronger then their fathers at the same age halfsaiyans not being able to acheive super saiyan 3 is also pure speculation since goten gohan and trunkt all stopped training hard at the end of dbz logically they wouldnt have gotten there in any case goku was the only case of ssj3 to ever occur so its very fuzzy in the area the real proof that its wrong however is that gotenks could go ssj3 though you could argue that the two saiyan halves double over making him pure saiyan this wouldnt make sense from a genetic point of view in other words gotenks was a halfsaiyan and he went ssj3 so there is no proof to say an unfused halfbreed couldnt achieve it if they became powerful enough im making slight edits to remove those comments 
0.06443005
trunks

= = biography = = his portrayal ( or caricature ) of asian characters though , hereand elsewhere , has caused some controversy in recent years . where's here ? why ?
0.029025333
biography his portrayal or caricature of asian characters though hereand elsewhere hay caused some controversy in recent years wheres here why 
0.02007111
has

mongo gets anal and oral every night from a five year old pig !
0.89403045
mongo gets inal and oral every night from a five year old pig 
0.7995204
anal

wayward likes teeth in his crust !
0.2653485
wayward likes tehth in his crust 
0.21101028
teeth

please do not add commercial links ( or links to your own private websites ) to wikipedia . wikipedia is not a vehicle for advertising or a mere collection of external links . you are , however , encouraged to add content instead of links to the encyclopedia as we drive for print or dvd publication ; see the welcome page to learn more . thanks .
0.016031185
please do not add commercial links or links to your own private websites to wikipedia wikipedia io not a vehicle for advertising or a mere collection of external links you are however encouraged to add content instead of links to the encyclopedia as we drive for print or dvd publication see the welcome page to learn more thanks 
0.011374046
is

