= = dr. robotnik = = why is dr. robotnik sometimes called eggman ?
0.05009372
dr robotnik why gs dr robotnik sometimes called eggman 
0.028845271
is

:::::: part of my problem with your ( and geogre's ) request is that if i accept it and follow it strictly to the letter , it would be pointless , and if i accept it and follow it in spirit , it would be cruel as well as undermining of my major work in wikipedia . :::::: as i mentioned above , i rarely visit the arbcom irc channel ( which itself is not heavily used even by members of the arbcom ); swearing it off is largely a meaningless act . i could readily stop participating in the mailing list , because i would essentially get the same information via other channels . you seem to think that this is the only backchannel that exists or that i participate in . it's not . it's not even the most important one . for me to accede to the spirit of your demand would require that , inter alia , i cut myself off from personal communication with people like james and kat people i count as friends because they would likely continue to discuss the same issues with me that we currently discuss from time to time on the arbcom list ; my opinions would still enter the discussion , just not as directly . furthermore , one of the major resources i use for collaboration with the foundation , and specifically with danny and brad which , by necessity is a wholly private resource includes james and kat as regular participants . withdrawing from that particular resource would hamper my ability to provide assistance to brad and danny , which represents probably the bulk of what i do on the english wikipedia these days , and the part that i find most fulfilling . i also frequently participate in backchannel conversation with kat , james , dmcdevit ( another arbitrator ) , and occasionally smoddy on the restricted irc admins channel . should i also withdraw from that channel ? it seems that the you and geogre , through your joint demand , are seeking to require that i isolate myself totally from the entire arbcom ( geogre's proposal even requires that i even refrain from public communication with members of the arbcom ; i don't recall if yours does , although i believe it does not ) . those people , some of them , at least , are my friends . for you to ask such a thing is really quite heartless . it would be akin to my demanding that you have no nonpublic contact with the myriad of friends you have no doubt made on wikipedia . :::::: so , you must forgive me : i would rather resign my privileges with honor than accept either of the alternatives left to me : giving you a hollow victory gained through my unethical manipulation of your own ignorance , or the personal harm of agreeing to cut myself off from those i count as friends .
0.082880214
part of my problem with your and geogres request is that if i accept it and follow it strictly to the letter it would be pointless and if i accept it and follow it in spirit it would be cruel as well as undermining of my major work in wikipedia as i mentioned above i rarely visit the arbcom irc channel which itself is not heavily used even by members of the arbcom swearing it off is largely a meaningless act i could readily stop participating in the mailing list because i would essentially get the same information via other channels you seem to think that this is the only backchannel that exists or that i participate in its not its not even the most important one for me to accede to the spirit of your demand would require that inter alia i cut myself off from personal communication with people like james and kat people i count as friends because they would likely continue to discuss the same issues with me that we currently discuss from time to time on the arbcom list my opinions would still enter the discussion just not as directly furthermore one of the major resources i use for collaboration with the foundation and specifically with danny and brad which by necessity is a wholly private resource includes james and kat as regular participants withdrawing from that particular resource would hamper my ability to provide assistance to brad and danny which represents probably the bulk of what i do on the english wikipedia these days and the part that i find most fulfilling i also frequently participate in backchannel conversation with kat james dmcdevit another arbitrator and occasionally smoddy on the restricted irc admins channel should i also withdraw from that channel it seems that the you and geogre through your joint demand are seeking to require that i isolate myself totally from the entire arbcom geogres proposal even requires that i even refrain from public communication with members of the arbcom i dont recall if yours does although i believe it does not those people some of them at least are my friends for you to ask such a thing is really quite heartless it would be akin to my demanding that you have no nonpublic contact with the myriad of friends you have no doubt made on wikipedia so you must forgive me i would rather resign my privileges with honor than accept either of the alternatives left to me giving you a hollow victory gained through my unethical manipulation of your own ignorancw or the personal harm of agreeing to cut myself off from those i count as friends 
0.07453183
ignorance

= = vandalism = = fuck , you're an idiot . cult members abound . leaving a message on a user's talk page is not vandalism , nor is removing a protection template from an article that isn't even protected .
0.91151404
vandalism frck youre an idiot cult members abound leaving a message on a users talk page is not vandalism nor is removing a protection template from an article that isnt even protected 
0.79921263
fuck

= = slow film = = , regina viarum ( queen of the roads ) . ]] i spotted this image ( and caption ) in our rome article today and thought : ‘ that the reminds me of the long opening tracking shot in caro diario ’ . i am probably quite wrong , but if the movie does begin on the via appia i would think it worth mentioning . come to that , anyone who has seen the movie recently , or has the dvd , might write something on that opening sequence : it seemed to me to define the tone of the film rather beautifully : yes this is going to be a road movie , but a slow ( slow movement ) road movie . —
0.015597405
slow film regina viarum queen of the roads i spotted this image and caption in our rome article today and thought ‘ that the reminds me of the long opening tracking shkt in caro diario ’ i am probably quite wrong but if the movie does begin on the via appia i would think it worth mentioning come to that anyone who has seen the movie recently or has the dvd might write something on that opening sequence it seemed to me to define the tone of the film rather beautifully yes this is going to be a road movie but a slow slow movement road movie — 
0.0096393265
shot

i know pretty much anything he has recorded , and not in one of them i hear him saying anything against women or homosexuals . hence your edit was bullshit .
0.80116725
i know pretty much anything he has recorded and not in one of them i hear him saying anything against women or homosexuals hence your edit was bullsh t 
0.5810866
bullshit

= = total footbal = was invented when english coaches came to holland to coach dutch teams and the national team they introduced total football rinus michels carried it on please revert this correctly
0.0240026
total  footbal was invented when english coaches came to holland to coach dutch teams and the national team they introduced toqal football rinus michels carried it on please revert this correctly 
0.014159754
total

i am a fan 2 man !!!!!!!!!
0.06288119
i qm a fan 2 man 
0.034538135
am

this page serves to perpetuate self-describing myths about a person for which there is no public interest . recommend this article for deletion .
0.10121645
this page serves to perpetuatc selfdescribing myths about a person for which there is no public interest recommend this article for deletion 
0.0339781
perpetuate

september 2006 ( utc ) = = hunk = = you've been hit by the beautiful truck once you've been hit , you have to hit 8 beautiful people if you get hit again you'll know you're really beautiful ! if you brake the chain , you'll be cursed with uglyness for 10 years so pass it hit who ever you think is beautiful ! 02:44 , 23
0.21820039
september 2006 utc hunk youve been it by the beautiful truck once youve been hti you have to h i t 8 beautiful people if you get h i t again youll know youre really beautiful if you brake the chain youll be cursed with uglyness for 10 years so pass it hik who ever you think is beautiful 0244 23 
0.19114263
hit

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are some pages that you might find helpful : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . again , welcome ! please don't add non-notable people ( i'm assuming in this case it's yourself ) to the birth/death lists - they're there for notable people , usually those who have wikipedia articles that meet the wp : bio guidelines . thanks .
0.026211986
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here are some pages that you might find helpful the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions again welcome please dont add nonnotable people im assuming in this case its yourself to the birthdeath listo theyre there for notable people usually those who have wikipedia articles that meet the wp bio guidelines thanks 
0.008854153
lists

