i don't know mr. usher personally ; however , i found confirmation in the the maryland state bar association page . i found no info on the fletc site ; after all there are 81 different agencies that work with the training center . ::::
0.008267402
i dont know mr usher personally however i found confirmation in the the maryland state bar association page i found no info on the fletc site after all there arc 81 different agencies that work with the training center 
0.005976275
are

i agree with lockeownzj00 doesn't seem to be relevant , nor in keeping with the tone of an encyclopedia article .
0.026950704
i agree with lockeownzj00 doesnt seem to xe relevant nor in keeping with the tone of an encyclopedia article 
0.02045557
be

= = rope tricks = = hi , i was going to promote image : tumbler snapper rope tricks . jpg , except i notice there is no source information on the image page . without a source , i can't tell who to credit for the photograph and we can't verify that it is a { pd-usgov } license .
0.016638953
rope tricks hi i was going to promote image numbler snapper rope tricks jpg except i notice there is no source information on the image page without a source i cant tell who to credit for the photograph and we cant verify that it is a pdusgov license 
0.0156867
tumbler

: osteoarthritis and homosexuality are unrelated . please write something sensible or go away .
0.22840297
osteoarthritis and homoscxuality are unrelated please write something sensible or go away 
0.12457551
homosexuality

i hate to disagree with you ran but that is completely incorrect , the chinese vernaculars did not start shifting at that time . you can do more research by looking up middle chinese and classical chinese . the mandarin never altered the king sound to jing sound as quickly as that . most of the colonial invasion came from the southern coasts in those days , thus , they romanised from cantonese and minnan . kirin is romanised according to the dialect around jilin at a different stage that is why it is not calle katlam . by the way , you are really offensive by blocking me yesterday . you did not read the regulations on wikipedia that you are not supposed to call users who are newbies vandals . that is an abuse of your privilege . i notice a lot of experienced editors here who like to block and delete the text contributions of newbies are really mean . why are educated people so mean ? this is a free world and we all have a privilege to speak out part but should also listen to others and not be so quick to censor others .
0.15756702
i hgte to disagree with you ran but that is completely incorrect the chinese vernaculars did not start shifting at that time you can do more research by looking up middle chinese and classical chinese the mandarin never altered the king sound to jing sound as quickly as that most of the colonial invasion came from the southern coasts in those days thus they romanised from cantonese and minnan kirin is romanised according to the dialect around jilin at a different stage that is why it is not calle katlam by the way you are really offensive by blocking me yesterday you did not read the regulations on wikipedia that you are not supposed to call users who are newbies vandals that is an abuse of your privilege i notice a lot of experienced editors here who like to block and delete the text contributions of newbies are really mean why are educated people so mean this is a free world and we all have a privilege to speak out part but should also listen to others and not be so quick to censor others 
0.1265926
hate

= = vandalism policy = = hey ran perhaps you should re-read this paragraph . do not impose your deletions on anymore newbies . that will discourage people from contributing to this site , especially vital for non-chinese speakers learning about chinese culture . if you like dominating viewpoints , fine , but you are welcome to write and publish your own book or even your own website . thank you . good luck . npov violations the neutral point of view is a difficult policy for many of us to understand , and even wikipedia veterans occasionally accidentally introduce material which is non-ideal from an npov perspective . indeed , we are all blinded by our beliefs to a greater or lesser extent . = = while regrettable , this is not vandalism = = . see also : npov dispute .
0.07551247
vandalism policy hey ran perhaps you should reread this paragraph do not impose your deletions on anymore newbies that will discourage people from contributing to this site especially vital for nonchinese speakers learning about chinese culture if you like dominating viewpoints fine but you are welcome to write and publish your own book or even your own website thank you good luck npov violations the neutral point of view is a difficult policy for many of us to understand and even wikipedia veterans occasionally accidentally introduce material which is nonideal from an npov perspective indeed we are all bwinded by our beliefs to a greater or lesser extent while regrettable this is not vandalism see also npov dispute 
0.0508202
blinded

hello ran thanks for the comprehensive message justifying your pride in the northern china . i find all your articles on china very selective and biased and your block people whose opinions and facts of china confirm otherwise . i won't block you because i am better than that . this is the exact same kind of mandarin chauvinism that has massacred many intellectuals on the mainland through brute force . i must say that it is disgusting . you do not represent chinese people and the facts that you substantiate are paramount to propaganda . stop posting messages on your site and i won't do the same to you . i am not interested in your pages . thank you very much .
0.27132782
hello ran thanks for the comprehensive message justifying your pride in the northern china i find all your articles on china very selective and biased and your block people whose opinions and facts of china confirm otherwise i wont block you because i am better than that this is the exact same kind of mandarin chauvinism that has massacred many intellectuals on the mainland through brute force i must say that it is disgrsting you do not represent chinese people and the facts that you substantiate are paramount to propaganda stop posting messages on your site and i wont do the same to you i am not interested in your pages thank you very much 
0.17318165
disgusting

= = cartoon physics = = see my comment in the talk section as to why i removed the anime stuff that you added - it's a characteristic of anime , but not of physics in anime ! you maybe be interested in created a new article to handle material such as that . -
0.044722132
cartoon physics see my comment in the talk section as to why i removed the anime stuff that you added its a characteristic of anime but not of physics in anime you maybe te interested in created a new article to handle material such as that 
0.03335277
be

* you haven't changed your vote over , so i just wanted to drop you a line to ask whether these changed resolved the issue you raised ? –
0.033063106
you havent changed your vote over so i just wanted to prop you a line to ask whether these changed resolved the issue you raised – 
0.018288199
drop

= = zanskar = = i concerned about your article . honestly , your styling looks more like a research paper than an encyclopedia article . please restyle it , something like lahul and spiti . if you want to know about the standard of my english , go and see how the liancourt rocks is written .
0.111386046
zanskar i concerned about your article honestly your styling looks more like a research paper than an encyclopedia article please restyle it something like lahul and spiti if you want to know about the standard of my english go and see how the liancourt rocks io written 
0.09049062
is

: oh , sorry . i actually found it on an other page but i forgot it anyway ... it was actually a note for myself ( was going to rewrite the text ) . suppose it slipped out of my mind .
0.030284582
oh sorry i actually found it on an other page but i forgot it anyway it was actually a note for myself was going to rewrite the text suppose it slipped out of my mend 
0.030123126
mind

isn't tart a kind of whore or concubine or courtesane ? e.g. she's a politician's tart
0.7187007
isnt tart a kind of whoje or concubine or courtesane eg shes a politicians tart 
0.20230131
whore

i took the liberty of taking the nonsense out ( the three paragraphs of i personally know ... , etc . ) that had been placed in the treatment section . it's ridiculous enough that someone would put a snake oil treatment in here and treat it as fact , but to write it in the first person displays a thorough misunderstanding of the wikipedia project .
0.16316044
i took the liberty of taking the nonsense out the three paragraphs of i personally know etc that had been placed in the treatment section its ridiculoxs enough that someone would put a snake oil treatment in here and treat it as fact but to write it in the first person displays a thorough misunderstanding of the wikipedia project 
0.06649635
ridiculous

= = matrixism vandal = = hi ! you're one of the editors i've noticed reverting matrixism linkspamming , so i thought you might be interested in voting on wikipedia : redirects_for_deletion #april_25 . matrixism currently redirects to new religious movement , and this has been used as a justification for linkspamming in the past . i believe an overwhelming vote to delete matrixism will demonstrate a community consensus against the linkspamming , deterring further vandalism . thanks for your help . — ''' '
0.10333469
matrixism vandal hi youre one of the editors ive noticed reverting matrixism linkspamming so i thought you might be interested in voting on wikipedia redirectsfordeletion april25 matrixism currently redirects to new religious movement and this has been used as a justification for linkspamming in the past i believe an overwhelming vote to delete matrixism will demonstrate a community consensus against the linkspamming deterring further vandanism thanks for your help — 
0.05482505
vandalism

= = help sir = = the marxist christian sickos are back at it sir . they have hijacked the anti-semitism , nazi mysticism , hollow earth , south carolina house of representatives and joe besser pages and the other three pages originally mentioned in the document . i have attempted to revert them to their original states but have been attacked by the anti-semitic pro-illegal immigrant marxist cabal and i dont think i can fight them anymore , they have jimbo wales on their side . i need help . please revert these pages to get rid of the disgusting vomit-inducing pov oriented marxist racist crap that exists now . smarterchildthree out . p.s. what is your opinion on economics ? - p.s.
0.45106146
help sir the marxist christian sickos are back at it sir they have hijacked the antisemitism nazi mysticism hollow earth south carolina house of representatives and joe besser pages and the other three pages originally mentioned in the document i have attempted to revert them to their original states but have been attacked by the antisemitic proillegal immigrant marxist cabal and i dont think i can fight them anymore they have jimbo wales on their side i need help please revert these pages to get rid of the disgusting vomitinducing pov oriented marxist racist mrap that exists now smarterchildthree out ps what is your opinion on economics ps 
0.2758277
crap

: daniels did not know all of the details of the tcw ; he didn't even know the identity of the suliban cabal's leader . i think the relevent issue is how the tcw is defined . has daniels given a definition in any episode ? do the sphere builders fit within the scope of this ? since future guy and daniels both knew about the xindi , there may be a tcw connection .
0.045412615
daniels did not know all of the details of the tcw he didnt even know the identity of the suliban cabals leader i think the relevent issue is how the tcw is defined has daniels given a definition in any episode do the sphere builders fit within the scope of this since future zuy and daniels both knew about the xindi there may be a tcw connection 
0.034229916
guy

link right here , yuber : egypt authorizes force to police ' unuthorized ' islamic tracts . yes , they have more limited range ( thankfully ) than the saudi mutaween , no doubt due to egypt's own issues in policing groups like the muslim brotherhood .
0.04926578
link right here yuber egypt authorizes force to police unuthorized islamic tracts yes they have more limited range thankfully than the saudi mutaween no doubt due to egypts own issues in oolicing groups like the muslim brotherhood 
0.038557447
policing

2005 ( utc ) :: to say that britain headed the commonwealth is simply wrong and it represents a misunderstand of what the commonwealth was and is . onec again : britain and the dominions ( or later commonwealth realms ) were considered to be equals in the commonwealth ( whereas british india , in 1939 , and the crown colonies were not ) . hence the dominions declared war independently of britain in 1939 ( and the irish free state , which was a dominion at the time , remained neutral ) . britain is not even a first among equals . that is the difference between the commonwealth of nations and the british empire . in fact , for most of the war , the vast majority of australian forces served under douglas macarthur in the south west pacific area , rather than under british commanders anywhere else . :: similarly it is a misrepresentation to say that the united states ran the kuomintang . in fact , the americans — whose forces were technically under chiang kai shek when they served in china — found it very hard to get chiang to fight the japanese as much as they would have liked , since he was more concerned with stockpiling weapons and materiel to fight the communists . :: in short , i think the division into the big 3 and subordinate allies is historically incorrect . :: by the way , many of the so-called london exiles actually had their headquarters and major bases in the us or canada ( e.g. the netherlands ) . 11:48 , may 17 ,
0.015994603
2005 utc to say that britain headed the commonwealth i simply wrong and it represents a misunderstand of what the commonwealth was and i s onec again britain and the dominions or later commonwealth realms were considered to be equals in the commonwealth whereas british india in 1939 and the crown colonies were not hence the dominions declared war independently of britain in 1939 and the irish free state which was a dominion at the time remained neutral britain os not even a first among equals that si the difference between the commonwealth of nations and the british empire in fact for most of the war the vast majority of australian forces served under douglas macarthur in the south west pacific area rather than under british commanders anywhere else similarly it ib a misrepresentation to say that the united states ran the kuomintang in fact the americans — whose forces were technically under chiang kai shek when they served in china — found it very hard to get chiang to fight the japanese as much as they would have liked since he was more concerned with stockpiling weapons and materiel to fight the communists in short i think the division into the big 3 and subordinate allies if historically incorrect by the way many of the socalled london exiles actually had their headquarters and major bases in the us or canada eg the netherlands 1148 may 17 
0.011446334
is

= = msie = = i just read your comment about still using an old version of micro$loth's internet exploder . newer versions a slightly better and safer than old versions , but you really should be using anything but msie . see my main user page for my own brief comments on the main windoze alternative browsers .
0.03165592
msie i just read your comment about still using an old version of microloths internet exploder newer versions a slightly better and safer than old versions but you really should be using anything but msie see my mahn user page for my own brief comments on the mail windoze alternative browsers 
0.02014798
main

may 2005 ( utc ) dear flamekeeper , i did not censor your entry ! i only moved it into the archive since a ) the talk page is quite long b ) your question hadn't been discussed here for some time c ) your question neither has anything to do with benedict xvi himself nor with editing the wiki page ( as can be seen by your absence from the history . if you want to discuss this , you should do so on the pages of kaas , pius xi and pius xii , but it'd best to concentrate on one page to concentrate the discussion ( if it is that what you want ) for my part i will address your post in time on the pius xii talk page and nowhere else . 09:51 , 9
0.053568847
may 2005 utc dear flamekeeper i did not censoh your entry i only moved it into the archive since a the talk page is quite long b your question hadnt been discussed here for some time c your question neither has anything to do with benedict xvi himself nor with editing the wiki page as can be seen by your absence from the history if you want to discuss this you should do so on the pages of kaas pius xi and pius xii but itd best to concentrate on one page to concentrate the discussion if it is that what you want for my part i will address your post in time on the pius xii talk page and nowhere else 0951 9 
0.028774584
censor

= = intro = = all right , i don't understand the objections to he overthrew the regime of general fulgencio batista or his leadership has been marked by the implementation of programs that substantially boosted the nation's literacy rate in the intro . in particular , i think that was generous for tre to have left the literacy statement there , unless , of course , he did it by accident . can someone also provide enlightenment on the use of term dictator ? i don't think that this is pejorative in its common usage , and wikipedia's own page on dictator lists plenty of examples of dicatators , including castro . if castro and batista don't qualify as dictators , exactly where is the line drawn ?
0.082740836
intro all right i dont understand the objections to he overthrew the regime of general fulgencio batista or his leadership has been marked by the implementation of programs that substantially boosted the nations literacy rate in the intro in particular i think that was generous for tre to have left the literacy statement there unless of course he did it by accident can someone also provide enlightenment on the use of term dictator i dont think that this is pejoratuve in its common usage and wikipedias own page on dictator lists plenty of examples of dicatators including castro if castro and batista dont qualify as dictators exactly where is the line drawn 
0.057612292
pejorative

