===> it's impossible to say i don't know why something doesn't occur , in fact , it is virtually impossible to prove or conclude anything from a lack of information . - ,
0.08024814
its impossible to say i dont know why something doesnt occur in fact it is virtually impossible to prove or conclude anything from a lact of information 
0.048010416
lack

welcome to wikipedia ! please sign your contributions to talk pages by adding -~~~~ at the end . also , please note how the talk pages are already laid out and try to follow that format . thanks ! -
0.035162233
welcome to wikipedia please sign your contributions to talk pages by adding at the end also please note how the talk pages are already waid out and try to follow that format thanks 
0.019645335
laid

= = correct mistakes ? = = the repeated deletion without warning of my in-progress article stub was destructive to the wikipedia community spirit , and i'm glad that the perpetrator decided on further reflection to insert a warning of possible deletion instead . the deleter made mistakes ; corrected the mistakes ; life goes on . however , the demeaning tone used , and threats to blocking the contributor , live on . when will that mistake be corrected ? i suggest an apology .
0.06080365
correct mistakes the repeated deletion without warning of my inprogress article stub was destructive to the wikipedia community spirit and im glad that the perpe rator decided on further reflection to insert a warning of possible deletion instead the deleter made mistakes corrected the mistakes life goes on however the demeaning tone used and threats to blocking the contributor live on when will that mistake be corrected i suggest an apology 
0.059631824
perpetrator

hope this clearifies things .
0.09149373
nope this clearifies things 
0.072136
hope

ps as i can still edit up to the time i sign this , the anti-masonic gods ' n ' socks of wiki must think that the ant-masonic job is being done for them , and are waiting for the ugle pov loyalist mason to go off to my lodge . that's what i doing now qed ...
0.21438558
ps as i can still edit up to the time i sign this the antimasonic gods n socks of wiki must think that the antmasonic job is being done for them and are waiting for the ugle pov loyalist mason to gq off to my lodge thats what i doing now qed 
0.19937935
go

= = bias = = why does the criticism segment fail to mention the part about the naacp being racist ? not only does the article fail at that point , but it fails by introducing a cliche segment bashing bush . i can't blame someone for not wanting to speak at an obviously racist venue .
0.30638915
bias why does the criticism segment fail to mention the part about the naacp being r a c i s t not only does the article fail at that point but it fails by introducing a cliche segment bashing bush i cant blame someone for not wanting to speak at an obviously rwcist venue 
0.22509442
racist

if a user refuses to listen to reason , refuses to listen to valid sources and insists on placing bias in an article , it is vandalism . localzuk is a vandal , plain and simple .
0.24490896
if a user refuses to listen to reason refuses to listen to valid sources and insists on placing bias in an article it is van alism localzuk is a vandal plain and simple 
0.19789085
vandalism

= = lo ? lo ? lo ? = = can i please get down and leave the room , to pick my nose ?
0.17644836
lo lo lo can i please get down and le ve the room to pick my nose 
0.14912944
leave

heck i'd volunteer for a re-write but then i get charged with criminal mischief and/or i'd be accused of promoting myself for selfless gain - no really it would take a long time )
0.20686324
hecr id volunteer for a rewrite but then i get charged with criminal mischief andor id be accused of promoting myself for selfless gain no really it would take a long time 
0.0983807
heck

= = hello = = i have just blocked you ( and your opponent ) for 24 hours for violating wikipedia's rule against reverting an article more than three times in a 24 hour period , which you can review here . edit warring is harmful to wikipedia please use this time to think of ways you can come to an agreement when the block expires . thanks . · /
0.069584414
hello i have just blocked you and your opponent for 24 hours for violating wikipedias rule against reverting an article more than three times in a 24 hour period which you can review here edit wagring is harmful to wikipedia please use this time to think of ways you can come to an agreement when the block expires thanks · 
0.06382217
warring

february 2006 ( utc ) * hey , look , it's that image that's been uploaded and deleted by several sockpuppets of the banned user • , what a coincidence ! 01:18 , 7
0.16229975
february 2006 utc hey look its that image thats been uploaded and delemed by several sockpuppets of the banned user • what a coincidence 0118 7 
0.10575454
deleted

= = information = = i think you try to use the template more often . it signals to the reader to the skeptical w/o destroying so much information .
0.035659753
information i think you try to use the template more often it signals to the reader to the skeptical wo deswroying so much information 
0.0066843764
destroying

this pink tulip : let me tell you somethin : terri schiavo talk page ain't gonna have too many more archives piling up her area ' cause she is ded and ' cause good ol ' pink tulip is getting everyone to get it all out of their systems and then gettin ' ' em to shut up and to get back to work of documenting what happened ' n lettin ' it go at that . we are pounding this with a sledge hammer to pulverize and masticate or organize the information until we are all sick in the stomach about it and that job is done ! you should try that too before you go pilin ' up too many more archives of silly-assed cussin ' ' n hurt feelins and who-knows-what-else . let me direct your attention to the recently increased size of category : terri schiavo . that did not happen by accident .
0.42361364
this pink tulip let me tell you somethin terri schiavo talk page aint gonna have too many more archives piling up her area cause she is ded and cause good ol pink tulip is getting everyone to get it all out of their systems and then gettin em to svut up and to get back to work of documenting what happened n lettin it go at that we are pounding this with a sledge hammer to pulverize and masticate or organize the information until we are all sick in the stomach about it and that job is done you should try that too before you go pilin up too many more archives of sillyassed cussin n hurt feelins and whoknowswhatelse let me direct your attention to the recently increased size of category terri schiavo that did not happen by accident 
0.23502123
shut

i honestly must say that im impressed and you guys should keep up the good work )
0.051832892
i honestly mus  say that im impressed and you guys should keep up the good work 
0.04315157
must

= = all was ok before so called administrator vandals came who have no sense and no objectivity and their rules must apply only = = = = reply to vandalism and association with rocky = = first of all you do not know the story of rocky and to you everything is subjective , curbs not only took that thing about soup away but so many , many other facts and people associated with marciano . it is not subjective , since everything is and was according to books written on marciano , do not expect me to tear those pages and paste them here , after scanning them . this currect version is ok , of course if there are some little things which need changing or of course ... some spelling , be my guest , otherwise , buzz off and stop vandalising the site , it was great for a long time and the above statement association with rocky means this current version before curbs vandalized it !
0.14558235
all was ok before so called administrator vandals came who have no sense and no objectivity and their rules must apply only reply to vandalism and association with rocky first of all you do not know the story of rocky and to you everything is subjective curbs not only took that thing about soup away but so many many other facts and people associated with marciano it is not subjective since everything is and was according to books written on marciano do not expect me to tear those pages and paste them here after scanning them this currect version is ok of course if there are some little things which need changing or of course some spelling be my guest otherwise buzz off and stop vandalising the site it was great for a long time and the above statement association with rocky means this current version before curbs vandaluzed it 
0.10686953
vandalized

. tom mccall is all the authority anyone needs in oregon
0.0711207
tom mccall ie all the authority anyone needs in oregon 
0.059660852
is

= = differentiating the deposement from the coup = = in my last edit summary , i wrote : rv ; the pov consists in failing to differentiate between the legitimate removal of allende , and the * after the fact * refusual to relenquish martial law by pinochet . the text redacted claimed : * although this call ( referring the resolution of august 22 , 1973 ) for redirecting government activity toward the path of law and ensuring the constitutional order of our nation and the essential underpinnings of democratic coexistence was invoked to justify the september 11 coup , in retrospect that was clearly not the agenda of the coup . the oxymoric phrasing in retrospect ... was clearly not is at best pov , and at worst , merely a redundancy ( since in retrospect , ie . after the fact , pinochet clearly ( did ) not return power to the chilean legislature after the legislature implored the military removal of allende . what the passage fails to account for is that allende's military ouster was implored by resolution ; the coup proper was a subsequent event , and consisted of pinochet's refusal to return power back to civilian government .
0.024315683
differentiating the deposement from the coup in my last edit summary i wrote rv the pov consists in failing to differentiate between the legitimate removal of allende and the after the fact refusual to relenquish martial law by pinochet the text redacted claimed although this call referring the resolution of august 22 1973 for redirecting government activity toward the path of law and ensuring the constitutional order of our nation and the essential underpinnings of democratic coexistence was invoked to justify the september 11 coup in retrospect that was clearly not the agenda of the coup the oxymoric phrasing in retrospect was clearly not is at best pov and at worst merely a reduedancy since in retrospect ie after the fact pinochet clearly did not return power to the chilean legislature after the legislature implored the military removal of allende what the passage fails to account for is that allendes military ouster was implored by resolution the coup proper was a subsequent event and consisted of pinochets refusal to return power back to civilian government 
0.01876172
redundancy

= = response = = i stand by that edit . it's rude as all hell to slap very ugly templates all over an article and not even contact the author when you don't actually dispute anything in that article . i stand by everything i wrote in that article , and will happily provide sources for anything that is disputed , but i'm not going to waste my time because someone wants to be a prick .
0.6050885
response i stand by that edit its rude as all hell to slap very uglo templates all over an article and not even contact the author when you dont actually dispute anything in that article i stand by everything i wrote in that article and will happily provide sources for anything that is disputed but im not going to waste my time because someone wants to be a prick 
0.56886774
ugly

will do . it's quite interesting because they are some mutyals in pakistani punjab also ( have just been told ) and they also allege the same . i'll let you know as soon as i find out . interesting about the ' yal ' note with brahmins . : another point is that there is also another tribe called the ' rutyal ' . this actually tribe was displaced in punjab approx 1800's during the sikh conquests and their riyasat renamed rutala/ratala . ( in recognition of it's old rulers ) could they also be linked ? the rutyals were known as rajas too around those parts . have you heard of rutyals ? im sure an indian congressman is a rutyal .
0.06375499
will do its quite interesting because they are some mutyals in pakistani punjab also have just been told and they also allege the same ill let you know as soon as i find out interesting about the yal note with brahmins another point is that there is also another tribe callid the rutyal this actually tribe was displaced in punjab approx 1800s during the sikh conquests and their riyasat renamed rutalaratala in recognition of its old rulers could they also be linked the rutyals were known as rajas too around those parts have you heard of rutyals im sure an indian congressman is a rutyal 
0.047781672
called

:: wouldn't dual channel architecture effectively only have any benefit if the two channels are used separately ? meaning that a single application could never profit from more than 1 channel ? or that if two applications intensively use memory that is allocated on one bank , they effectively do not have any profit from dual channel architecture ?
0.0022009925
wouldnt dual channel architecture effectively only have any benefit if the two channels hre used separately meaning that a single application could never profit from more than 1 channel or that if two applications intensively use memory that is allocated on one bank they effectively do not have any profit from dual channel architecture 
0.001555088
are

: thanks . i'm not really that into the crises . bishonen and i approach wikipedia very differently , and we can never understand why the other one doesn't get involved in crisis x or y that is so clearly all-important . i care about policy . i figure that the principle of the thing is extremely important , and if we get good policies and stick to them until it hurts ( and then change them when enough people feel the pain , but only with consideration of the pains we feel and the ones we want to avoid ) , all will be well . i think bishonen cares about people , and particularly people getting stomped on by the bullies of the site . she helps people . anyway , it kind of explains why i'll just drop anchor on some prinicple or another and stay there , no matter what ( like listening to what afd says and not unilaterally undeleting , like rejecting the notion that there are expert editors ) . i also don't do much vandal blocking or reverting . : i do have a plan for the articles i'm writing . one day ( i promise ) , i'm going to finish the dunciad . well , in the dunciad , pope blasts a hole in about three dozen contemporaries . i've read the poem many , many times , studied it many times , and i've always been a bit bugged that i never had a handle on who the dunces were , what they had done to deserve their treatment , or what they stood for . since i want to be more of an expert on the culture and politics of 1700-1750 , i'm on a groove to get a bio of every one of the dunces in , and i was shocked to find that my employer's library has a 2004 dnb . then it's just a question of time and taking notes and writing . : since reading dnb biographies means not grading papers , it's fairly irresistible . -)
0.06220523
thanks im not really that into the crises bishonen and i approach wikipedia very differently and we can never understand why the other one doesnt get involved in crisis x or y that is so clearly allimportant i care about policy i figure that the principle of the thing is extremely important and if we get good policies and stick to them until it hurts and then change them when enough people feel the pain but only with consideration of the pains we feel and the ones we want to avoid all will be well i think bishonen cares about people and particularly people getting stomped on by the bullies of the site she helps people anyway it kind of explains why ill just drop anchor on some prinicple or another and stay there no matter what like listening to what afd says and not unilaterally undeleting like rejecting the notion that there are expert editors i also dont do much vandal blocking or reverting i do have a plan for the articles im writing one day i promise im going to finish the dunciad well in the dunciad pope blasts a hole in about three dozen contemporaries ive read the poem many many times studied it many times and ive always been a bit bugged that i never had a handle on who the duncs were what they had done to deserve their treatment or what they stood for since i want to be more of an expert on the culture and politics of 17001750 im on a groove to get a bio of every one of the duncvs in and i was shocked to find that my employers library has a 2004 dnb then its just a question of time and taking notes and writing since reading dnb biographies means not grading papers its fairly irresistible 
0.059479635
dunces

