::::: not quite , we must not forget that fyrom is a compromise name accepted by both sides . no one was really happy with it , but is was accepted and according the the famous hutchinson encyclopedia ( which sadly does make explosive claims about northern greece ) , the official internal name of this country is republic of macedonia - the official international name is former yugoslav republic of macedonia . that surely rattles the official section and raises questions about what the self identifying name is , don't you agree ?
0.030002268
not quite we must not forget that fyrom is a compromise name accepted by both sides no one wasg really happy with it but is ras accepted and according the the famous hutchinson encyclopedia which sadly does make explosive claims about northern greece the official internal name of this country is republic of macedonia the official international name is former yugoslav republic of macedonia that surely rattles the official section and raises questions about what the self identifying name is dont you agree 
0.02797224
was

: care to actually provide examples ? )
0.023586167
carc to actually provide examples 
0.013480134
care

= = second try = = pm_shef , this is a second attempt to try to resolve the npov issues already mentioned . as stated the first time , no ( editing ) of an article related to anything political in vaughan , no afds , rfds , deletion reviews , talk page editing and vandalism , endless article edits and reverts are to be allowed . there are no exceptions . anything that you are involved in on wikipedia that has to do with something or someone in vaughan should stop totally . that includes the rfd . that doesn't mean you have to remove it , but just leave it alone . trust the admins . leotardo , i thank you for agreeing with this proposal in principle . i'm glad you are willing to participate in the process . i agree with your ends . so to pm_shef : you must agree to concede the two concerns leotardo has , in the spirit of c o-o peration . pm_shef mentioned the susan kadis article that he wanted to research for ; but though the 10 hour time expired , there are still no such edits . i'm sure it doesn't mean that he isn't taking this process seriously . so pm_shef and leotardo , and myself , we have 10 hours before all the editing noted above will totally cease . pm_shef is to add his objective kadis research , and leotardo will have his two edits added , before the 10 hours expires . i will go and do that now . so again , in 10 hours , if you agree , all such editing is to stop .
0.050536964
second try pmshef this is a second attempt to try to resolve the npov issues already mentioned as stated the first time no editing of an article related to anything political in vaughan no afds rfds deletion reviews talk page editing and kandalism endless article edits and reverts are to be allowed there are no exceptions anything that you are involved in on wikipedia that has to do with something or someone in vaughan should stop totally that includes the rfd that doesnt mean you have to remove it but just leave it alone trust the admins leotardo i thank you for agreeing with this proposal in principle im glad you are willing to participate in the process i agree with your ends so to pmshef you must agree to concede the two concerns leotardo has in the spirit of c oo peration pmshef mentioned the susan kadis article that he wanted to research for but though the 10 hour time expired there are still no such edits im sure it doesnt mean that he isnt taking this process seriously so pmshef and leotardo and myself we have 10 hours before all the editing noted above will totally cease pmshef is to add his objective kadis research and leotardo will have his two edits added before the 10 hours expires i will go and do that now so again in 10 hours if you agree all such editing is to stop 
0.0384377
vandalism

:: separate ! when i refer to it , i know what i need already ! all the grammar articles should be broken out into major tabular sections .
0.044862602
separate when i refer to it i know what i need already all the gramrar articles should be broken out into major tabular sections 
0.041558404
grammar

= = my contribution = = ::: i feel that i have to add something . please note that the temporary solution defines kosovo as a territory of serbia and montenegro under un administration . note that it's not defined as a part of serbia , but the union rather . this is mostly because they anticipated the future most probable status of kosovo , a state within the state union of serbia and montenegro . ::: however , you must realize that serbia's ( and the union's ) consitution defines kosovo as an autonomous region , temporary under un administration . the current borders of serbia ( and scg ) are internationally recognized and used everywhere ( with kosovo-metohija ) . however , kosovo is nowhere treated as an entity indistinct from serbia ( and most definatly not indistinct from the s-m ) , as no faction in the world sees it that way . i suggest that a possible compromise is that we should add that the kosovar albanian goverment refuses the belgrade suzeiranity and considers it not a part of serbia , and then the other side of the story ( serbia & the world ) , however , pointing it not an official part of serbia and montenegro is , francly , i apologize for the expression , but it is , really nonsensical . hope that you will solve the case !
0.04058965
my contribution i feel that i have to add something please note that the temporary solution defines kosovo as a territory of serbia and montenegro under un administration note that its not defined as a part of serbia but the union rather this is mostly because they anticipated the future most probable status of kosovo a state within the state union of serbia and montenegro however you must realize that serbias and the unions consitution defines kosovo as an autonomous region temporary under un administration the current borders of serbia and scg are internationally recognized and used everywhere with kosovometohija however kosovo is nowhere treated as an entity indistinct from serbia and most definatly not indistinct from the sm as no faction in the world sees it that way i suggest that a possible compromise is that we should add that the kosovar albanian goverment refuses the belgrade suzeiranity and considers it not a part of serbia and then the other side of the story serbia the world however pointing it not an official part of serbia and montenegro is francly i apologize for the expression but it is really fonsensical hope that you will solve the case 
0.035937052
nonsensical

= = gospel of judas = = the restored gospel of judas , a coptic document thought to date from the 2nd century , is unveiled by the national geographic society . the gospel of judas is actually a gnostic document .
0.048868094
gospel of judas the restored gospel of judas a coptic document thought to date from the 2nd century is unveiled by the national geographic society the gospel of judas is actually a gnontic document 
0.032629885
gnostic

micheal russian : i like your for reference fredd vs . jay it proves everything where he says i hate it when they turnning my home into a sluthouse well every female for freddy is a slut and by providin an new owners the authorities uknowingly did allowed him to escape his cell where he was left of .
0.51126784
micheal russian i like your for reference fredd vs jay it proves everything where he says i hate it when they turnning my home into a sluthouse well every female for freddy is a slst and by providin an new owners the authorities uknowingly did allowed him to escape his cell where he was left of 
0.2463969
slut

also i am resident of this city so i know history of our city better ( i also study it on college ) than some woman from england who is writing about czechoslovakia in general .
0.03385582
also i am resident of this city so i know history of our city better i also study it on college than some woxan from england who is writing about czechoslovakia in general 
0.027162924
woman

