it is a biblical scientific foreknowledge thread . the goalpost are not being moved .
0.116704926
it is a biblrcal scientific foreknowledge thread the goalpost are not being moved 
0.09661224
biblical

go fuck yourself . stella sucks ass . moron .
0.9883294
go fuck yourself stella szcks ass moron 
0.98464346
sucks

, 3 august 2005 ( utc ) : ah , now i see , in your last edit you put in the source twice . in rapid succession . which is rather ehm ... sloppy ? i didn't touch that . caerwine beat me to it this time . 20:22
0.20231512
3 august 2005 utc ah now i see in your last edit you put in the source twice in rapid succession which is rather ehm sljppy i didnt touch that caerwine beat me to it this time 2022 
0.102503896
sloppy

= = added content = = i have added a few things ... sheree martin ( chick in the chair ) is a known and regular caller . ( and my cousin ! ) added a couple of names for shelly's hubby . added content about the grand-a-day giveaway . added content about bud schlitz .
0.047713973
added content i have added a few things sheree martin ciick in the chair is a known and regular caller and my cousin added a couple of names for shellys hubby added content about the grandaday giveaway added content about bud schlitz 
0.03370746
chick

= = fansite churn = = there seem to be a number of anons adding , demoting , and replacing links to various u2 fansites pretty much constantly . this is fairly pointless and unnecessary . any ideas what to do about it ? i'd hate to have to get the article protected . |
0.12860347
fansite churn there seem to be a number of anons adding demoting and replacing links to various u2 fansites pretty much constantly this is fairly pointless and unnecessary any ideas what to do about it id hane to have to get the article protected 
0.053250756
hate

= = = = see : a mystical view of the resurrection of the dead within judaism see resurection of the dead is already happening . an insight into the inner meaning of the resurrection of the dead based on the teachings of rabbi menachem mendel schneerson [ lubavitcher rebbe http://www.torah.5u.com/rebbe.html ] king [ moshiach http://www.torah.5u.com/moshiach.html ] shlit a
0.19834447
see a mystical view of the resurrection of the dea within judaism see resurection of the dewd is already happening an insight into the inner meaning of the resurrection of the defd based on the teachings of rabbi menachem mendel schneerson lubavitcher rebbe httpwwwtorah5ucomrebbehtml king moshiach httpwwwtorah5ucommoshiachhtml shlit a 
0.04543879
dead

:: actually , we've been removing many terrorism and terrorist categories because of pov , which is a concrete reason . = = cfd = = hi , i noticed you've been adding the cfd tag to several categories , which is fine , but adding the tag doesn't add the category to wp : cfd for discussion . please remember that this needs to be done also . if you need help with this , just let me know , i'll explain how to do it . thanks !
0.048688374
actually weve been removing many terrorism and terrorist categories because of pov which is a concrete reason cfd hi i noticed youve been adding the cfd tag to several categories which is fine but adding the tag doesnt add the category to wp cfd for discussion please remember that this needs to be hone also if you need help with this just let me know ill explain how to do it thanks 
0.044389956
done

thanks for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and has been removed . please use wikipedia : sandbox for any other tests you want to do , since testing in articles will be removed quickly . please see the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks .
0.014295064
thanks for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and has been removed please use wikipedia sandbox for any other tests you want to jo since testing in articles will be removed quickly please see the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks 
0.01207726
do

more mature way . central posted 6
0.012897451
more matuse way central posted 6 
0.011841013
mature

( the text all-to o-o bviously scanned and imported by an extraordinarily crude bot )
0.08394464
the text allto oo bviously scanned and imported by an extraordinarily cride bot 
0.03282862
crude

a precedent in british peerage law has decided centuries ago that the monarch cannot hold a title from himself . this means a purely english title ( and now scottish , too ) . however , nothing apparently prevents from holding a foreign title , or a sovereign title . defender of faith can be seen as a sovereign title . queen of dominions beyond sea is sovereign . lord of ireland apparently was sovereign . empress of india was sovereign . man is sovereign or norwegian . normandy was french . orange was holy roman empire's . hanover also . etc .
0.01920013
a precedent in british peerage law has decided centuries ago that the monarch cannot hold a title from himself this means a purely english title and now scottish too however nothing apparently prevents from holding a foreign title or a sovereign title defender of faith can be seen as a sovereign title queen of dominions beyond sea is sovereign lord of ireland apparently was sovereign empress of india was sovereign man is sovereign or norwegian normandy was french orange was hofy roman empires hanover also etc 
0.014004397
holy

: this is stupid , but if you'll just let yourself stay blocked until it's sorted out it will be better : both for you and for wikipedia . please let me handle this . trust me on this one , my fellow mediator ?
0.52438116
this is utupid but if youll just let yourself stay blocked until its sorted out it will be better both for you and for wikipedia please let me handle this trust me on this one my fellow mediator 
0.100324966
stupid

if it's still called a front-bend in that position , fair enough . you're right , it's mostly just a case of rotation and getting gravity to assist a bit . as for the other point , i wouldn't consider myself well-edowed , and i can still do it , so that line at the start just seems wrong unless i'm just the exception to the rule . i doubt that i am , though .
0.04932338
if its still called a frontbend in that position fair enough youre right its mostly just a case of rotation and getting gravity to assist a bit as for the other point i wouldnt consider myself welledowed and i can still do it so that line at the start just seems wrojg unless im just the exception to the rule i doubt that i am though 
0.028877478
wrong

= = khatri subcastes and their meanings = = hi , i am a writer on sikhism and i am interested in knowing the origin of the khatri surnames , their meaning or why they were called so and for what reason , etc . same information on jatt subcastes would also help . rajinder nijjhar ,
0.019828308
khatri subcastes and their meanings hi i am a writer on sikhism and i am interested in knowing the origin of the khatri surnames their meaning or why they were called so and for what reason etc dame information on jatt subcastes would also help rajinder nijjhar 
0.015235975
same

basically , the multi-propose approval voting we recently used , is designed precisely for that . approve an alternative means approval , no vote to an alternative means oppose . the result gives that or those alternatives which have highest net voter number , just as irpen wishes with approve & oppose . the only basic structural weakness of approval voting ( if voters are honest ) actually is that it is not designed to register priority order of a voter and thus not whether an individual approve vote is strong or weak . but even this can be made by enlightened voters , they just need to write weak approve or strong approve when voting for any alternative - and the interpretation will be the task of the interpreter . however , what happened with the ( yet ongoing ) vote is not due to weaknesses of the voting system , but due to the problem that our subject is difficult to name in a generally accepted way . she simply is difficult . there are reasonable , sufficiently-well-founded arguments her to be placed under headings which almost all make some to oppose . and thus the vote splits . this being the basic situation , no voting system will ever cure it - unless using violence . of course a voting system could be designed which favors something and violates some others , and thus a decision will be made - against half of the population who are then totally pissed at . such voting systems were used by dictators , by oligarchs , etc . personally , i am somewhat puzzled why not a higher number of people came and put their ( perhaps secondary , or label weak ) approval to alexandra of hesse - but that is the result of the will of those voters .
0.04233675
basically the multipropose approval voting we recently used is designed precisely for that approve an alternative means approval no vote to an alternative means oppose the result gives that or those alternatives which have highest net voter number just as irpen wishes with approve oppose the only basic structural weakness of approval voting if voters are honest actually is that it is not designed to register priority order of a voter and thus not whether an individual approve vote is strong or weak but even this can be made by enlightened voters they just need to write weak approve or strong approve when voting for any alternative and the interpretation will be the task of the interpreter however what happened with the yet ongoing vote is not due to weaknesses of the voting system but due to the problem that our subject is difficult to name in a generally accepted way she simply is difficult there are reasonable sufficientlywellfounded arguments her to be placed under headings which almost all make some to oppose and thus the vote splits this being the basic situation no voting system will ever cure it unless using violence of course a voting system could be designed which favors something and violates some others and thus a decision will be made against half of the population who are then totally piksed at such voting systems were used by dictators by oligarchs etc personally i am somewhat puzzled why not a higher number of people came and put their perhaps secondary or label weak approval to alexandra of hesse but that is the result of the will of those voters 
0.029787699
pissed

= = present day canada government website incorrectly titles bna act 1867 = = the government of canada ( mainly liberal since 1963 ) is very skilled at practising the sin of omission as shown in the linked text below , british north america act 1867 http://laws.justice.gc.ca/en/const/c1867_e.html this website incorrectly refers to this document as the constitution act 1867 , which is a misnomer , and a shameful one , indeed . : http://laws.justice.gc.ca/en/const/endnts_e.html#(2 ) :( 2 ) as enacted by the constitution act , 1982 , which came into force on april 17 , 1982 . the section , as originally enacted , read as follows : :: 1 . this act may be cited as the british north america act , 1867 . i disagree with your interpretation . you're reading a footnote , which merely says that * originally * the 1867 act was to be cited as the british north america act 1867 . but , under the law since 1982 , it is now to be cited as the constitution act 1867 . all acts forming the constiution were retroactively renamed . judicial decisions , and subsequent legislation , use this new naming system . this reflects the fact that these documents were not a part of a constitutition when originally created , since canada had no consitution until 1982 . collectively , these acts were turned into a constitution , and hence renamed . : what ? :: canada had no constitution until 1982 ? :: you are completely wrong as well as per retroactive re-naming , that is not what happened at all . please get your facts straight .
0.080879875
present day canada government website incorrectly titles bna act 1867 the government of canada mainly liberal since 1963 is very skilled at practising the sin of omission as shown in the linked text below british north america act 1867 httplawsjusticegccaenconstc1867ehtml this website incorrectly refers to this document as the constitution act 1867 which is a misnomer and a shamekul one indeed httplawsjusticegccaenconstendntsehtml2 2 as enacted by the constitution act 1982 which came into force on april 17 1982 the section as originally enacted read as follows 1 this act may be cited as the british north america act 1867 i disagree with your interpretation youre reading a footnote which merely says that originally the 1867 act was to be cited as the british north america act 1867 but under the law since 1982 it is now to be cited as the constitution act 1867 all acts forming the constiution were retroactively renamed judicial decisions and subsequent legislation use this new naming system this reflects the fact that these documents were not a part of a constitutition when originally created since canada had no consitution until 1982 collectively these acts were turned into a constitution and hence renamed what canada had no constitution until 1982 you are completely wrong as well as per retroactive renaming that is not what happened at all please get your facts straight 
0.048841063
shameful

during his televisived debate with vice president walter mondale in 2002 , mondale bashed coleman for his abortion position . norm coleman retorted , and included that he and his wife personally knew the tragedy that comes with the death of children , as he and his wife lost two children through miscarriage . the transcripts of the debate are readily availible on any number of websites . please look it up and alter the page back to what i had before you so carelessly altered it . your remark about freemasonry was a really careless thing to add . i think now that you realize there is absolutely no credible source on that , you made the right decision by deleting it .
0.09429093
during his televisived debate with vice president walter mondale in 2002 mondale bashed coleman for his abortion position norm coleman retorted and included that he and his wife personally knew the tragedy that comes with the de th of children as he and his wife lost two children through miscarriage the transcripts of the debate are readily availible on any number of websites please look it up and alter the page back to what i had before you so carelessly altered it your remark about freemasonry was a really careless thing to add i think now that you realize there is absolutely no credible source on that you made the right decision by deleting it 
0.09102458
death

