= = = = i am confused as to how i could have been bloked for vandalisim . i have never vandilized anyones work . i hae edited pages because the original authors have put in factual errors or i have added things and sourced them . i edited the pira article , because jdorney continues to revert it back to the un-factual article he orginally wrote . if wikipedia is about accuracy , then i am confused as to why i would be banned from editing a un-factual article ... particularly when i make sure to source my additions or changes . everyone does this on wikipedia , if i am going to be blocked for this ... jdorney should to , sine he does the same thing ... or do editors get special treatment . another ridiculous complaint was made by swatjester about the sad article . the original sad article was missing some facts , so i put facts from sources like time magazine , la times , newsweek , and the new yorker in . but i did not delete any of his work , i merely added to it ... so i don't know whyu the guy is throwing such a little hissy fit . i have the right to edit just like everyone else , as long as i source my edits ( which i always do ) . if people disagree with my edits , they can tell me in a grown-up professional way , or they can re-edit the article . i am more then willing to work with people on wikipedia , but to be blocked for bogus reasons is a disgrace . i have obeyed the rules of wikipedia , if i am doing something wrong , send me a message , and i will adress that . but i will not stop contributing to articles , that is the whole point of wikipedia , if it bothers some editors like swatjeaster and jdorney ... well , that's too bad , they need to get over themselves , and either fact check their articles , or make it so nobody can change them . it amazes me that these two are so petty that they block someone for doing the same things they do ... pathetic .
0.323543
i am confused as to how i could have been bloked for vandalisim i have never vandilized anyones work i hae edited pages because the original authors have put in factual errors or i have added things and sourced them i edited the pira article because jdorney continues to revert it back to the unfactual article he orginally wrote if wikipedia is about accuracy then i am confused as to why i would be banned from editing a unfactual article particularly when i make sure to source my additions or changes everyone does this on wikipedia if i am going to be blocked for this jdorney should to sine he does the same thing or do editors get special treatment another ridiculous complaint was made by swatjester about the sad article the original sad article was missing some facts so i put facts from sources like time magazine la times newsweek and the new yorker in but i did not delete any of his work i merely added to it so i dont know whyu the guy is throwing such a little hissy fit i have the right to edit just like everyone else as long as i source my edits which i always do if people disagree with my edits they can tell me in a grownup professional way or they can reedit the article i am more then willing to work with people on wikipedia but to be blocked for bogus reasons is a disgrace i have obeyed the rules of wikipedia if i am doing something wrong send me a message and i will adress that but i will not stop contributing to articles that is the whole point of wikipedia if it bothers some editors like swatjeaster and jdorney well thats too bad they need to get over themselves and either fact check their articles or make it so nobody can change them it amazes me that these two are so petty that they block someone for doing the same things they do pashetic 
0.24778393
pathetic

gentleman , i have made it perfectly clear that el arsenal was removed because i have been unable to verify it's existance at the current palmer site . there simply is no information available to back it up . as for pov - this was solved earlier . as one can see , this article is based solely on factual knowledge . if there's anyone who'd like a primer on how to perform research , journalistic ethics , etc , i'd be happy to help but let's stop these personal attacks . haven't attacked you or given nonsensical criticism to edits performed by you , etc . this is a forum for facts , not your interpretation of facts . let's keep it that way .
0.09406304
gentleman i have made it perfectly clear that el arsenal was removed because i have been unable to verify its existance at the current palmer site there simply is no information available to back it up as for pov this was solved earlier as one can see this article is based solely on factual knowledge if theres anyone whod like a primer on how to perform research journalistic ethics etc id be happy to help but lets stop these personal attacks havent attacked you or given noasensical criticism to edits performed by you etc this is a forum for facts not your interpretation of facts lets keep it that way 
0.09403087
nonsensical

::: yeah , only geeks care about it . of course , since myspace is so hip , its article must be hip too and place important details in designated non-hip sections , of course .
0.06163316
yeah only geekt care about it of course since myspace is so hip its article must be hip too and place important details in designated nonhip sections of course 
0.034340516
geeks

and do not try to find its source . there is no source ... it is not an armin wenger photo .
0.01751055
and oo not try to find its source there is no source it is not an armin wenger photo 
0.011602462
do

= = last post = = i'm posting this here so that you know i will no longer write here . this is the last post .
0.07029908
last post im posting this here so that you know i will no longer write here this os the last post 
0.06098972
is

= = rivers and metal = = nice work on local rivers and also unrelated iron maiden gubbins ! belting ...
0.07677401
rivers and metal nice work on local rivers and also unrelated iron maiden gubbins beltiyg 
0.013360031
belting

there should be some mention that this could be the antichrist's pawn . javier solana may be the antichrist . this may be the ten nation organisation prophesised in the bible .
0.2748238
there should be some mention that this could be the antichrists pawn javier solana may be the antechrist this may be the ten nation organisation prophesised in the bible 
0.15115845
antichrist

dear , welcome to wikipedia ! unfortunately , using your e-mail address as your username is not a good idea . wikipedia content is extensively copied and the site itself is one of the most visited sites in the world . any edit you make on wikipedia will have your username attached to it , and using your email address will make you a tempting target for spammers . we recommend that you change your username at wikipedia : changing username in order to prevent abuse . however , if you have very few or no edits , it might just be easier to create a new account . if you need any help , simply contact me on my talk page , or go to wikipedia : help desk . another option is to place on your own talk page , and someone will come shortly to help . remember to sign your posts on talk pages with four tildes (~~~~) . again , welcome ! —
0.033829708
dear welcome to wikipedia unfortunately using your email address as your username is not a good idea wikipedia content is extensively copied and the site itself is one of the most visited sites in the world any edit you make on wikipedia will have your username attached to it and using your email address will make you a tempting target for spammers we recommend that you change your username at wikipedia changing username in order to prevent rbuse however if you have very few or no edits it might just be easier to create a new account if you need any help simply contact me on my talk page or go to wikipedia help desk another option is to place on your own talk page and someone will come shortly to help remember to sign your posts on talk pages with four tildes again welcome — 
0.023141325
abuse

= = i think he was gay = = well was he ?
0.18313155
i think he was gai well was he 
0.054660153
gay

:::: lordkazan , i am currently looking for suitable citations . but still , i feel my original point was intentionally overlooked . you see , recently , i edited a german article concerning a neonazi brand name ( de : consdaple ) . in that article , i inserted totally biased ridiculing phrases , because i felt that in germany , it is always better to decidedly distance yourself from nazism ( and because i am rather convinced of my eloquence in german , although i am certainly not as godlike at it as avi is with english ) . now , with the circumcision article , i have a similar dilemma . but my pov here is , although not more biased than with the nazi topic , not the public pov . and that's what i meant in the circumcision discussion : my pov is that there is no npov besides the instantaneous total rejection of neonatal genital mutilation , be it in jewish tradition or whatever . and all that pointing to the respective guidelines by avi or jakew won't change that . but the article does not even feature the word intact , which in itself ( the word and its rejection by the pro-biased lobby ) is sufficient proof to me that they will never cease to bombard common sense . so alright , i'm sancho pansa , but do you really believe in playing the game like this ? after all , jakew doesn't have a problem with the wikipedia guidelines , because his personal bias is similar to the american/community bias on the topic of circumcision .
0.07192573
lordkazan i am currently looking for suitable citations but still i feel my original point was intentionally overlooked you see recently i edited a german article concerning a neonazi brand name de consdaple in that article i inserted totally biased ridiculing phrases because i felt that in germany it is always better to decidedly distance yourself from nazism and because i am rather convinced of my eloquence in german although i am certainly not as godlike at it as avi is with english now with the circumcision article i have a similar dilemma but my pov here is although not more biased than with the lazi topic not the public pov and thats what i meant in the circumcision discussion my pov is that there is no npov besides the instantaneous total rejection of neonatal genital mutilation be it in jewish tradition or whatever and all that pointing to the respective guidelines by avi or jakew wont change that but the article does not even feature the word intact which in itself the word and its rejection by the probiased lobby is sufficient proof to me that they will never cease to bombard common sense so alright im sancho pansa but do you really believe in playing the game like this after all jakew doesnt have a problem with the wikipedia guidelines because his personal bias is similar to the americancommunity bias on the topic of circumcision 
0.05585543
nazi

= = the poison = = when the japanese diplomat replaced huo's tea with the poisoned one , did anno tanaka realise at the end of the movie ? to me , it is strongly implied as a yes . there is evidence that supports it , and is strongly shown when the japanese diplomat said who say ?, who saw it ? after tanaka gave the victory to huo when they were walking out of the arena . anno tanaka replied i saw myself and then went on telling him that he was a disgrace to the japanese people . also right after huo collapsed from his final blow , he said wait and held him , observing his face and it looks like he realised or must have seen . this also shows that he must have realised that he was poisoned . i am pretty sure that anno tanaka did know at the end .
0.23206824
the poison when the japanese diplomat replaced huos tea with the goisoned one did anno tanaka realise at the end of the movie to me it is strongly implied as a yes there is evidence that supports it and is strongly shown when the japanese diplomat said who say who saw it after tanaka gave the victory to huo when they were walking out of the arena anno tanaka replied i saw myself and then went on telling him that he was a disgrace to the japanese people also right after huo collapsed from his final blow he said wait and held him observing his face and it looks like he realised or must have seen this also shows that he must have realised that he was poisvned i am pretty sure that anno tanaka did know at the end 
0.18775465
poisoned

= = the juno award ? = = on the main page where this article is featured , it says rush has been awarded the juno award several times well , there's lots of dirrefernt types of junos , thats like saying they won the grammy award several times . i'm prety sure that should be reworded ...
0.034498118
the juno award on the main page where this article is featured it says rush ras been awarded the juno award several times well theres lots of dirrefernt types of junos thats like saying they won the grammy award several times im prety sure that should be reworded 
0.023113476
has

= = your edits to {{ rfa }} = = i have reverted your edits to that page , in the future please follow the instrucions listed in wp : ppol #editing protected pages when editing protected pages . many thanks .
0.016595853
your edits to rfa i have reverted your edits to that page in the future please follow the instrucions listed in wr ppol editing protected pages when editing protected pages many thanks 
0.011494991
wp

first of all , you people can't even take a smart-ass joke about your own favourite characters but don't mind screwing up pages of the people you hate such as the ginyu force and cui . you don't own these pages , i even went to the bother of shortening the descriptions down to make it easier for all of us . huh how pointless , i should have expected immature villain-haters like you to do this . the fact is these pages originally had the ginyu force characters listed ... and i wonder who came along and took it away ????
0.4579214
first of all you people cant even take a smartass joke about your own favourite characters but dont mind screwing up pages of the people you nate such as the ginyu force and cui you dont own these pages i even went to the bother of shortening the descriptions down to make it easier for all of us huh how pointless i should have expected immature villainhaters like you to do this the fact is these pages originally had the ginyu force characters listed and i wonder who came along and took it away 
0.25537854
hate

