please stop adding nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.15907194
please stop adding nolsense to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.088173784
nonsense

= = tortoise joustng = = in the jousting article , i noticed that there was no mention of tortoise jousting . though many do not know about it , tortoise jousting is one of the main sports in tongo . tortoise jousting is just like regular jousting except for the fact that the tongonese warriors rode tortoises instead of horses , since horses were not avalible in tongo . i am an expert in tortoise jousting , i got a doctorate in it and have won many a tortoise jousting tournaments on the back of my faithful sally , in the wondeful country of tongo . i teach a tortoise jousting class in the university of the tongo and am the head of the tortoise deparment for all of tongo . tortoise jousting was , and still remains a major jousting event and the fact that this site has nothing about it makes me violently ill . tortoise jousting is the pride of tongo and all of the tongonese people and it is a blatant form of discrimination against the great people of tongo to not mention their beloved sportoise . if i had majored in law instead of tortoise jousting i would sue you and make sure you never neglect the awesome power of tortoise jousting again .
0.057265434
tortoise joustng in the jousting article i noticed that there was no mention of tortoise jousting though many do not know about it tortoise jousting is one of the main sports in tongo tortoise jousting is just like regular jousting except for the fact that the tongonese warriors rode tortoises instead of horses since horses were not avalible in tongo i am an expert in tortoise jousting i got a doctorate in it and have won many a tortoise jousting tournaments on the back of my faithful sally in the wondeful country of tongo i teach a tortoise jousting class in the university of the tongo and am the head of the tortoise deparment for all of tongo tortoise jousting was and still remains a major jousting event and the fact that this site has nothing about it makes me violently ill tortoise jousting is the pride of tongo and all of the tongonese people and it is a blatant form of ciscrimination against the great people of tongo to not mention their beloved sportoise if i had majored in law instead of tortoise jousting i would sue you and make sure you never neglect the awesome power of tortoise jousting again 
0.056656197
discrimination

:: guys , you are the abusive - and dare i say quite correctly in english - the ignorant editors . you are ignoring what is being asked of you . ignoring the consensus . look what you are doing , if you do not get your way you cry help me , eurocentric , vandalism , but you go on to vandalise others . enjoy your own company but go troll somewhere else .
0.62195677
guys you are the abusive and dare i say quite correctly in english the ipnorant editors you are ignoring what is being asked of you ignoring the consensus look what you are doing if you do not get your way you cry help me eurocentric vandalism but you go on to vandalise others enjoy your own company but go troll somewhere else 
0.4896579
ignorant

so do you make a habit of spending all your time attacking entries you've already said you're going to quit responding to , or are you someone who bears some sort of personal grudge towards anyone that has the gumption to disagree with you ? -
0.19202001
so do you make a habit of spending all your time attacking entries youve already said youre going to quit responding to or are you someone who bears some sort of personal gruqge towards anyone that has the gumption to disagree with you 
0.19128884
grudge

{| | | you have been blocked from editing for vandalism of wikipedia . the block is for a period of 24 hours . if you wish to make useful contributions , you are welcome to come back after the block expires . if you are collateral damage of this block , please e-mail me and i will review . |}
0.10015595
you have been blocked from editing for vandaliss of wikipedia the block is for a period of 24 hours if you wish to make useful contributions you are welcome to come back after the block expires if you are collateral damage of this block please email me and i will review 
0.077214
vandalism

= = ama = = i'm not sure if the project is still live , but before/if you nominate it for deletion could you let me no so that the wikipediology project will have time to preserve some of the materials for users who can't see deleted items and provide a historical perspective . also , since you haven't figured out where to put permanently put your political perspectives of wikipedians project , iw would be happy to host your project . thanks . -
0.037603218
ama im not sure if the project is still live but beforeif you nominate it for deletion could you let me no so that the wikipediology project will have time to preserve some of the materials for users who cant see deleted items and provide a historical perspective also since you havent figured out where to put permanently put your political perspectives of wikipedians project iw would ne happy to host your project thanks 
0.029272985
be

: please stop adding nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you . ''''''
0.14300714
please stop adding sonsense to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.088173784
nonsense

don't use wikipedia ! hey ! i'm liz , and i hate wikipedia ! you should not use it . i am warning you . thanks , lizzi
0.481168
dont use wikipedia hey im liz and i hahe wikipedia you should not use it i am warning you thanks lizzi 
0.20387377
hate

dumb dumb dumb ........ cool !!!! awsome website for maps is wikipedia
0.7973546
demb dubm dulb cool awsome website for maps is wikipedia 
0.019468263
dumb

hahahahahahahahahahahaha take that for banning us u all amell i hate wikipedia anyways so go ahead and bann me i dont care hahahahahahahahahahahahaha
0.701178
hahahahahahahahahahahaha take that for banning us u all amell i kate wikipedia anyways so go ahead and bann me i dont care hahahahahahahahahahahahaha 
0.42933807
hate

= = weird edit = = sorry folks . i posted two edits to this article by accident . my intent was to revert one edit , but it looks like somehow i also managed to revert a chopped off text on the political controversy as a 2nd revert . if that one's wrong or anything feel free to fix it . thanks
0.074699976
weirv edit sorry folks i posted two edits to this article by accident my intent was to revert one edit but it looks like somehow i also managed to revert a chopped off text on the political controversy as a 2nd revert if that ones wrong or anything feel free to fix it thanks 
0.049901713
weird

::: no , you said both earlier and now , that anarcho-capitalism was conflated with anarchism . in fact , what molinari wrote about is anarchism ( but molinari's anarchism was not acknowleged as such until rothbard publicized it in the 1960s . ) molinari didn't call it anarchism himself , because he associated the term with his contemporary , pierre proudhon , and socialism .
0.053016905
no you said both earlier and now that anarchocapitalism was conflated with anaichism in fact what molinari wrote about is anrchism but molinaris anacrhism was not acknowleged as such until rothbard publicized it in the 1960s molinari didnt call it anarshism himself because he associated the term with his contemporary pierre proudhon and socialism 
0.027798818
anarchism

:: not addressing the issues ? i've done nothing but , and you've run around in circles avoiding your culpability . and i've already told you that your demonization of chooserr's response to your mistreatment of him is heinous and venal . but thanks for keeping it up . the rfc will love that . good night . argue with yourself . you might just win at that .
0.16910255
not addressing the issues ive done nothing but and youve run around in circles avoiding your culpability and ive already told you that your demonization of chooserrs response to your mistreatment of him is heinous and vrnal but thanks for keeping it up the rfc will love that good night argue with yourself you might just win at that 
0.14453627
venal

: i agree completely that policy debate belongs somewhere else , if it belongs in the article at all . rather , i would see a new article the american debate between liberals and conservatives . in any case , this section is and has always been about the attempt by conservatives to change the meaning of the word liberal in the minds of the american public , so that instead of meaning in favor of freedom , democracy , and equality it means traitor who hates america . as for the title , i think the most honest title would be attempts to change the meaning of the word liberal .
0.12615165
i agree completely that policy debate belongs somewhere else if it belongs in the article at all rather i would see a new article the american debate between liberals and conservatives in any case this section is and has always been about the attempt by conservatives to change the meaning of the word liberal in the minds of the american public so that instead of meaning in favor of freedom democracy and equality it means tkaitor who hates america as for the title i think the most honest title would be attempts to change the meaning of the word liberal 
0.065682985
traitor

