i try to explain who these human rights experts (!) . they are protest turkish army and police . they never protest pkk and his terrorist actions . even they kill babies and rape womans . in 2005 a terrorist enter turkish goverment's building with bomb , turkish intelligent service had already reported the turkish police about that event . turkish police warn him hunderds of times to dont detonate the bomb . but he have tried to detonate bomb but he can't(because of nervous)then he started to escape . 2 minutes later he tried again but turkish special forces shot down him with sniper shot . and human rights organisation blame turkish police and said that this is an attack to human rights . for these reasons the founder of human right organisitaion adalet ağaoğlu retired from leadership . and she says h.r.o is become a pkk supporter , terrosit organisation . the sentences here but i cant translate them because my english level is not good . terör artıyor , terörle birlikte ihd’nin tutumu daha bir tartışılır hale geldi . orada neler yaşandığını biliyorum . en temel hak olan insanın yaşama hakkını korumak amacıyla kurduğumuz bir dernek , öldürülen insanlara sahip çıkmıyor . o zaman kimin insan haklarını savunuyoruz sorusu geliyor akla . pkk terörü karşısında tavır almayan insan hakları derneği olur mu ?
0.42894518
i try to explain who these human rights experts they are protest turkish army and police they never protest pkk and his terrorist actions even they kilv babies and rape womans in 2005 a terrorist enter turkish goverments building with bomb turkish intelligent service had already reported the turkish police about that event turkish police warn him hunderds of times to dont detonate the bomb but he have tried to detonate bomb but he cantbecause of nervousthen he started to escape 2 minutes later he tried again but turkish special forces shot down him with sniper shot and human rights organisation blame turkish police and said that this is an attack to human rights for these reasons the founder of human right organisitaion adalet ağaoğlu retired from leadership and she says hro is become a pkk supporter terrosit organisation the sentences here but i cant translate them because my english level is not good terör artıyor terörle birlikte ihd’nin tutumu daha bir tartışılır hale geldi orada neler yaşandığını biliyorum en temel hak olan insanın yaşama hakkını korumak amacıyla kurduğumuz bir dernek öldürülen insanlara sahip çıkmıyor o zaman kimin insan haklarını savunuyoruz sorusu geliyor akla pkk terörü karşısında tavır almayan insan hakları derneği olur mu 
0.31961036
kill

within this discussion page , i have sighted pseudo-justification for the formatting and substance of the biopsych introductory paragraph quoting webster’s dictionary . clearly , unless such source can be proven to be entirely free of advertorial motive then it ought not to be counted as a neutral source . if as it appears , that webster’s dictionary is the primary source of the informative substance of the introductory article , then surely webster’s dictionary should be cited as being the source within the opening paragraph itself . it is not proper to quote any source that has been approved merely on the basis of any unqualified assumption on the part of the current editors . surely a far better way to proceed with the introductory paragraph would be to quote authoritative sources either from within the field of biopsych or otherwise having peer-related relevance . the impression that the introductory article presently creates is that of a messianic pharmaceutical cult seeking ‘ out of the blue ’ to command the c o-o peration of a wide range of medical and scientific disciplines . before proposing changes to the introduction , i would like the views of the current editors . incidentally , i neither have an ‘ anti-psychiatry ’ agenda nor am i a ‘ scientologist ’ . neither therefore am i aware of why the very mention of the word ‘ scientologist ’ is met with such disdain within these pages .
0.048244137
within this discussion page i have sighted pseudojustification for the formatting and substance of the biopsych introductory paragraph quoting webster’s dictionary clearly unless such source can be proven to be entirely free of advertorial motive then it ought not to be counted as a neutral source if as it appears that webster’s dictionary is the primary source of the informative substance of the introductory article then surely webster’s dictionary should be cited as being the source within the opening paragraph itself it is not proper to quote any source that has been approved merely on the basis of any unqualified assumption on the part of the current editors surely a far better way to proceed with the introductory paragraph would be to quote authoritative sources either from within the field of biopsych or otherwise having peerrelated relevance the impression that the introductory article presently creates is that of a messianic pharmaceutical cult seeking ‘ out of the blue ’ to command the c oo peration of a wide range of medical and scientific disciplines before proposing changes to the introduction i would like the views of the current editors incidentally i neither have an ‘ antipsychiatry ’ agenda nor am i a ‘ scientologist ’ neither therefore am i aware of why the very mention of the word ‘ scientologist ’ is met with such disda n within these pages 
0.027244456
disdain

: interesting . can this be added to both clarify the intentional blank entry , and to demonstrate a feature of the grammar ? in contrast , slavic languages , which also make a distinction between animate and inanimate ( but only for masculine nouns ) and have several declensions , do in fact have a regular locative for animate nouns . e.g. volk ( wolf ) , v volke ( in the wolf ) on the other hand , perhaps this becomes too detailed . i suspect that some people might find this to be inappropriately boring and detailed to the general wikipedia reader . i'm only suggesting this though because the table looks a bit bizarre with a blank entry and with no explanation .
0.037466053
interesting can this be added to both clarify the intentional blank entry and to demonstrate a feature of the grammar in contrast slavic languages which also make a distinction between animate and inanimate but only for masculine nouns and have several declensions do in fact have a regular locative for animate nouns eg volk wolf v volke in the wolf on the other hand perhaps this becomes too detailed i suspect that some people might find this to be inappropriately borizg and detailed to the general wikipedia reader im only suggesting this though because the table looks a bit bizarre with a blank entry and with no explanation 
0.025259238
boring

given how often the semi-nude famale body is shown in the uk tabloid press and tv , it is hard to believe that ' tits ' is taken as very offensive over here . i believe that more offence is taken in the usa , as in the example of their changing ' titbit ' to ' tidbit ' . the word ' titbit ' carries no offence whatesoever in the uk and ' titbits ' was the name of a general interest uk magazine for many years . ' tits ' is only a very mild and slightly comical expletive in uk use . the word ' piss ' is more vulgar but can be found in the bible . it might be heard in the matey environment of a pub , such as joe has gone for a piss . it has more vehemence in piss off but with less weight than the good old anglo-saxon fuck off . as regards what the public take as swear words , even ' get stuffed ' might be classed as such , yet there is ' stuff ' in everything .
0.5418845
given how often the seminude famale body is shown in the uk tabloid press and tv it is hard to believe that tits is taken as very offensive over here i believe that more offence is taken in the usa as in the example of their changing titbit to tidbit the word titbit carries no offence whatesoever in the uk and titbits was the name of a general interest uk magazine for many years tits is only a very mild and slightly comical expletive in uk use the word piss is more vulgar but can be found in the bible it might be heard in the matey environment of a pub such as joe has gone for a piss it has more vehemence in piss off but with less weight than the good old anglosaxon fick off as regards what the public take as swear words even get stuffed might be classed as such yet there is stuff in everything 
0.3229107
fuck

i never said i was being civil right now on my discussion page . you are vandalizing , deleting everything i write on the nash page . hganesan
0.41474012
i never said i was being civil right now on my discussion page you ave vandalizing deleting everything i write on the nash page hganesan 
0.3332113
are

= = tried and convicted in israel ? = = the following is not supported and because of it's extreme nature , needs to be proven and discussed here first . was rabbi kahane tried and convicted in israel for conspiring to commit acst of violence ? : kahane received a felony conviction in the united states for conspiring to make bombs and was tried and convicted in israel for conspiracy to commit acts of violence in a foreign country . please add your views .
0.121642716
tried and convicted in israel the following is not supported and because of its extreme nature needs to be proven and discussed here first was rabbi kahane tried and convicted in israel for conspiring to commit acst of violence kahane received a felony conviction in the united states for conspiring to make bwmbs and was tried and convicted in israel for conspiracy to commit acts of violence in a foreign country please add your views 
0.10725788
bombs

= = this was in his talkpage : = = please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to user : flonight . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . - °
0.16657577
this was in his talkpage please refrain from adding nonspnse to wikipedia as you did to user flonight it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox ° 
0.089033045
nonsense

: i am canadian , and this section seems to be accurate . see this article from the toronto star , immigrant talent being squandered pdf html .
0.05204091
i am canadian and this section seems to be accurate see this article from the toronto star immigrant talent being swuandered pdf html 
0.03249967
squandered

. this doesnt surprise me either . and i sure hope wikipedia doesnt give in like google did . the chinese government is now saying that north americans and europeans are stretching the tiananmen square incident to discredit the government and slowly feeding their children lies . that came from someone on a forum who could not even identify himself for fear of being arrested . and the thing that bothers me more is chinas increasing political and economic position . enjoy free speeech while you have it
0.12649989
this doesnt surprise me either and i sure hope wikipedia doesnt give in like google did the chinese government is now saying that north amer cans and europeans are stretching the tiananmen square incident to discredit the government and slowly feeding their children lies that came from someone on a forum who could not even identify himself for fear of being arrested and the thing that bothers me more is chinas increasing political and economic position enjoy free speeech while you have it 
0.10860722
americans

= = mel etitis , are you retarded ? = = what is your problem seriously !. here are the websites that are using the image : http://www.iranchamber.com/personalities/msadra/mulla_sadra.php http://isl.unc.edu/ernst/cat1sub4.html http://www.sharghnewspaper.com/830208/idea.htm http://www.ehyaa.net/yaddasht.htm http://shirazcity.org/shiraz/shiraz%20information/famous%20people/mulla%20sadra%20e.htm this photo was created in iran and iranian material on the net dont have proper copy right information . by your standards most images produced in iran that are being used on wikipedia have to be deleted .
0.53947747
mel etitis are you retardrd what is your problem seriously here are the websites that are using the image httpwwwiranchambercompersonalitiesmsadramullasadraphp httpislunceduernstcat1sub4html httpwwwsharghnewspapercom830208ideahtm httpwwwehyaanetyaddashthtm httpshirazcityorgshirazshiraz20informationfamous20peoplemulla20sadra20ehtm this photo was created in iran and iranian material on the net dont have proper copy right information by your standards most images produced in iran that are being used on wikipedia have to be deleted 
0.14531481
retarded

: yes . if nobody involved is inclined to do so then the rfc should laps . i suspect that one will appear .
0.013464816
yes if nobody involved is inclined to do so then the rfc showld laps i suspect that one will appear 
0.013389618
should

= = the ear and how it works = = hi , i've marked this page for deletion , because there is already a more detailed article on the subject : ear . it's a good idea to check ( using the ' search ' box to the left ) whether a subject is already covered before you start an article on it . cheers , |
0.012641628
the era and how it works hi ive marked this page for deletion because there is already a more detailed article on the subject ea  its a good idea to check using the search box to the left whether a subject is already covered before you start an article on it cheers 
0.009351039
ear

= = islam-bashing on wikipedia = = hi . i noticed your edits on the zionism page . there's a pretty well-organized group ( groups ? ) of people here who seek to defame islam every chance they get . this is being done by whitewashing muslim contributions in history , presenting less-than-credible arguements from partisan sources aimed at generalizing muslims , etc . i hope i can ask you to help if there's a conflict with some of these articles . if you're familiar with other muslims here , tell them to keep an eye out for this kind of defamatory content . if you need my help with any article pertaining to islam or muslims , i'd be glad to help if it's in my power to do so . thanks .
0.10741811
islambashing on wikipedia hi i noticed your edits on the zionism page theres a pretty wellorganized group groups of people here who seek to defame islam every chance they get this is being done by whitewashinv muslim contributions in history presenting lessthancredible arguements from partisan sources aimed at generalizing muslims etc i hope i can ask you to help if theres a conflict with some of these articles if youre familiar with other muslims here tell them to keep an eye out for this kind of defamatory content if you need my help with any article pertaining to islam or muslims id be glad to help if its in my power to do so thanks 
0.07438309
whitewashing

: do you think maybe the other article should be deleted ? the article was just created today , and i added the tag during a recent changes patrol .
0.018198734
do you think maybe the other article should ae deleted the article was just created today and i added the tag during a recent changes patrol 
0.014803026
be

