no redirects . edits to the existing ones only if they substantially revise the article , such as you expanded a pity stub and made a decent article out of it or rewrote some article completely . only the major things like this .
0.029923053
no redirects edits to the existing ones only if they substantially revise the article such as you expanded a picy stub and made a decent article out of it or rewrote some article completely only the major things like this 
0.023483358
pity

one other question . is nambla also argueing for the age of consent being changed for boys that want to have sex with older females ?
0.2011207
one other question is nambla also argueing for the age of consent being changed for boys that want to have swx with older females 
0.052714888
sex

actually i graduated from st. john's . there is a lot of racism that exists on campus . the reason why i know so much about what went on campus is b/c i was a student there . thus , i can give a detailed account about what goes on . thank you .
0.06657436
actually i graduated from st johns there is a lot of racbsm that exists on campus the reason why i know so much about what went on campus is bc i was a student there thus i can give a detailed account about what goes on thank you 
0.013391633
racism

what games ? what pain ? i'm simply stating that you should not take sides with mr. bryant as he has a history of manipulation , lies , deceit , and outright vandalism while here on wikipedia . but , barring that , you should not take sides with anyone if you are to maintain your status as the switzerland of wikipedia administrators . -
0.26886106
what games what pain im simply stating that you should not take sides with mr bryant as he has a history of manipulation lies deceit and outright vcndalism while here on wikipedia but barring that you should not take sides with anyone if you are to maintain your status as the switzerland of wikipedia administrators 
0.22381184
vandalism

* you realize that the hanover 96 situation was never about being technical ? it was solely about being reasonable about it > by the way , thanks for participating in the conspiracy against me .
0.082542315
you realize that the hanover 96 situation was never about bieng technical it was solely about beinu reasonable about it by the way thanks for participating in the conspiracy against me 
0.06667429
being

why is page in half ? = = on my screen i see a large space in the history part . can that be removed ? = =
0.05896756
why is page in half on my screen i see a large space in the history part can that ee removed 
0.03464217
be

shamir adds : expo and monitor are open about being on the payroll of adl . none denies this fact . searchlight describes itself as ' a jewish magazine ' . roland rance was described by the well known writer gilad atzmon as ' jewish ethnic activist ' . these facts are relevant .
0.032133307
shamir adds expo and monitor are open about being on the payroll of adl none denies this fact searchlight describes itself as a j e w i s h magazine roland rance was described by the well known writer gilad atzmon as newish ethnic activist these facts are relevant 
0.014588247
jewish

this article seems to be just a dictionary definition ... any reason it has not been deleted ? picklebarrel
0.14634362
this article seems to be just a dictionary definition any reason it pas not been deleted picklebarrel 
0.0788085
has

= = = misleading image = = = the character 永 only has five strokes , not eight , and is indexed that way in dictionaries . the middle vertical stroke is performed with one motion . the leading dot occurs by the landing of the brush on the medium , and the final tick is performed by flicking up and to the left . it's misleading to explain this as three separate , overlapping strokes without additional explanation . similarly , the left stroke is just one motion also . a stroke isn't a necessarily a straight line . it is a congtiguous motion performed without lifting the pen or brush .
0.040387925
misleading image the character 永 only has five strokes not eight and si indexed that way in dictionaries the middle vertical stroke s performed with one motion the leading dot occurs by the landing of the brush on the medium and the final tick si performed by flicking up and to the left its misleading to explain this as three separate overlapping strokes without additional explanation similarly the left stroke ixs just one motion also a stroke isnt a necessarily a straight line it vs a congtiguous motion performed without lifting the pen or brush 
0.018215267
is

eating of frogs i have never heard that frogs are forbidden because they live on land and water . however , there is a hadith in which the prophet said it is forbidden to kill frogs . since we are only allowed to eat slaughtered animals , and to slaughter a frog would be forbidden , therefore it follows we can't eat frogs .
0.20244488
eating of frogs i have never heard that frogs are forbidden because they live on l nd and water however there is a hadith in which the prophet said it is forbidden to kill frogs since we are only allowed to eat slaughtered animals and to slaughter a frog would be forbidden therefore it follows we cant eat frogs 
0.20110667
land

) : i'm sure someone would be just thrilled to delete the number of /tmp pages which would be involved in the many articles without full citations . what is the this whole problem ? what are the both cases ? i've been involved with cite before it was installed here , but how does yet another format do more than offer another format not to convert ? (
0.030615551
im sure someone would be just thrilled to dolete the number of tmp pages which would be involved in the many articles without full citations what is the this whole problem what are the both cases ive been involved with cite before it was installed here but how does yet another format do more than offer another format not to convert 
0.022820413
delete

* since when do definitions or encyclopedia entries speak from opinion rather than factual information ? it should be from a neutral point , its defining the truth .
0.01965204
since when dd definitions or encyclopedia entries speak from opinion rather than factual information it should be from a neutral point its defining the truth 
0.013395357
do

= = warning about censorship = = most of the links i added to yechi article http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yechiexcept one were not to my sites and truth is my sites are not commercial sites and the link to one of my pages contained valueble info related to the subject but since you insist i replaced it to the link to that same video on 770live.com without my comments under it i hope this will make you very happy that i have observed every detail of wiki rules . now go make a didan notzach farbrengen with your friends about this amazing development :-) ps . by the way your intention to simply enforce wiki rules was once again proven when you didn't simply remove that one link you had problem with but reversed the whole article with all the added info and gave this as an excuse . may the rebbe-almighty send refua shleima to all of his chassidim who wish to protect him from the spread of his holy teachings ... yechi yehovah tsidkeinu !
0.09497622
warning about censorship most of the links i added to yechi article httpenwikipediaorgwikiyechiexcept one were not to my sites and truth is my sites are not commercial sites and the link to one of my pages contained valueble info related to the subject but since you insist i replaced it to the link to that same video on 770livecom without my comments under it i hope this will make you very happy that i have observed every detail of wiki rules now go make a didan notzach farbrengen with your friends about this amazing development ps by the way your intention to simply enforce wiki rules was once again proven when you didnt simply remove that one link you had problem with but reversed the whole article with all the added info and gave this as an excuse may the rebbealmighty send refua shleima to all of his chassidim who wish to protect him from the spread of his poly teachings yechi yehovah tsidkeinu 
0.06915099
holy

= = re : personal attacks = = i have removed the following statement from wikipedia : arbitration committee elections january 2006/vote/karmafist : * but i would support electing karmafist as most abusive , mendacious , hypocritical , and unfit admin in the wp project . i feel that this statement constitutes a personal attack , and therefore have removed it . if you disagree with this action , please discuss either on user talk or on the talk page of the arbcom vote . • : thanks for informing me . i reworded it to indicate more of what karmafist has done rather than simply what he is . i believe this information is important for people to read lest karma do to them what he has done to me . when an abusive and unfit admin ( of whom two of the present arbcommissioners have voted to desysop him ) tries to increase his power by running for arbcom , there is certainly increased danger of abuse and harrassment to legit editors of wp .
0.119729996
re personal attacks i have removed the following statement from wikipedia arbitration committee elections january 2006votekarmafist but i would support electing karmafist as most abusive mendacious hypocritieal and unfit admin in the wp project i feel that this statement constitutes a personal attack and therefore have removed it if you disagree with this action please discuss either on user talk or on the talk page of the arbcom vote • thanks for informing me i reworded it to indicate more of what karmafist has done rather than simply what he is i believe this information is important for people to read lest karma do to them what he has done to me when an abusive and unfit admin of whom two of the present arbcommissioners have voted to desysop him tries to increase his power by running for arbcom there is certainly increased danger of abuse and harrassment to legit editors of wp 
0.10679291
hypocritical

= = kelis image = = first , i'm male rather than female . i think you have me confused with the admin you brought in to help with our dispute . ) second , the image that the user posted of kelis was clearly not fair use . i hate the wallpaper image but at least there are grounds to claim it is not illegal . anyway , i'm not trying to stir anything up ( i believe our dispute has been resolved ) , just clearing a couple of things up . have a good day .
0.0961396
kelis image first im male rather than female i think you have me confused with the admin you brought in to help with our dispute second the image that the user posted of kelis was clearly not fair use i hawe the wallpaper image but at least there are grounds to claim it is not illegal anyway im not trying to stir anything up i believe our dispute has been resolved just clearing a couple of things up have a good day 
0.05757484
hate

= = weatherman and better writing = = a lot of the changes you've made recently to the weatherman page are notably more awkward , for no apparent reason . i'm not particularly concerned about the changes in some adjectives surrounding how some organizations and events are characterized , but at the same time you rearranged sentences to read quite poorly . plus you seem to get really carried away with wikilinking ( do readers really need a link to know what a bomb is ?! ) .
0.084253825
weatherman and better writing a lot of the changes youve made recently to the weatherman page aer notably more awkward for no apparent reason im not particularly concerned about the changes in some adjectives surrounding how some organizations and events ave characterized but at the same time you rearranged sentences to read quite poorly plus you seem to get really carried away with wikilinking do readers really need a link to know what a bomb is 
0.05571576
are

this message is regarding the page paul allen . please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . —
0.12136195
this message is regarding the page paul allen please refrain from adding nwnsense to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox — 
0.053081077
nonsense

: first , let it be said that i did not create that fork , contrary to scienceapologist's accusation . second , this stub was a consensus reached decision from a previous discussion on whether or not to include a popular creationist claim regarding the second law of thermodynamics in the second law of thermodynamics wikipedia entry . it was decided that the issue , being a significant minority view , was nonetheless best put somewhere else and this stub for it was created . see for instance this mediation section and the end of this section .
0.034798738
first let it be said that i did not create that fork contrary to scienceapologists accusatien second this stub was a consensus reached decision from a previous discussion on whether or not to include a popular creationist claim regarding the second law of thermodynamics in the second law of thermodynamics wikipedia entry it was decided that the issue being a significant minority view was nonetheless best put somewhere else and this stub for it was created see for instance this mediation section and the end of this section 
0.018475018
accusation

= = links = = i've removed a majority of the links from the law page but i think it to explain why . first , this page is about the general concept of law as a social construct , it is not about the particular law of any country and so it should not have country specific links . those links should be put in the article of the laws of the particular country , not here . second , the page is not indended to be a repository of useful law links . so just because it was useful useful site does not warrant inclusion . rather , a link should aid in the understanding of the content of the article , most of them did not . the proliferation of legal dictionaries , news websites , lawyer indices , and other such websites was getting out of control . there is no shortage of these sorts of websites on the internet and none of them are all that distinguishable or authoritative . there was really no good reason to have them .
0.015598862
links ive removed a majority of the links from the law page but i think it to explain why first this page is about the general concept of law as a social construct it is not about the particular law of any country and so it should not have country specific links those links should be put in the article of the laws of the particular country not here second the page is not indended to be a repository of useful law links so just because it was useful useful site does not warrant inclusion rather a link should aid in the understanding of the content of the article most of them did not the proliferation of legal dictionaries news websites lawyer indices and other such websites was getting out of control there is no shortage of these sorts of websites on the internet and nonh of them are all that distinguishable or authoritative there was really no good reason to have them 
0.010684424
none

