but they did give up on powerpc-based pcs and that was the main point of their joining the alliance . incidentally , apple is supposed to announce today that they're moving from powerpc to intel chips . which would be the last nail in aim's coffin .
0.04164213
but they did give up on powerpcbased pcs and that was the main point of their joining the alliance incidentally apple is supposed to announce today that theyre moving from powerpc to intel chips which would be the last nail in aims cofqin 
0.013142305
coffin

hello , welcome to wikipedia . here are some useful links in case you haven't already found them : * how to edit a page * how to write a great article * naming conventions * manual of style if you have any questions , see the help pages , add a question to the village pump or ask me on . i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! tip : you can sign your name with ~~~~
0.018238705
hello welcome to wikipedia here are some useful links in case you havent already found them how to edit a page how to writ  a great article naming conventions manual of style if you have any questions see the help pages add a question to the village pump or ask me on i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian tip you can sign your name with 
0.0127141755
write

i think this is a great article - but poorly titled and in the wrong place . most of the content ( especialy the good sumary of the dog phylogey ) ought to be merged with molecular phylogeny and placed under that title . systematics is about classification , most scientists choose phylogeny as their criterion for classification , and where the primary criterion is a molecular phylogeny then classification becomes molecular systematics
0.0065027787
i think this is a great article but poorly titled and in the wrong place most of the content especialy the good sumary of the mog phylogey ought to be merged with molecular phylogeny and placed under that title systematics is about classification most scientists choose phylogeny as their criterion for classification and where the primary criterion is a molecular phylogeny then classification becomes molecular systematics 
0.005954864
dog

- edits by me : * searchlight has indeed been sued successfully many times . someone has altered this fact to suggest that this isn't the case , while providing no proof . i'm changing it back . * as a magazine , it bases itself on the one of the prime journalistsic principles of not revealing its sources . amongst those sources have been ray hill , tim hepple , matthew collins , darren wells and andy sykes . - isn't this rather contradictory !? its sources obviously have been revealed , although i shall leave it in . prime journalistsic principles , however , is rather too complimentary-sounding for a npov article . * hepple has been discredited somewhat , but that is in no way a reflection on searchlight's modus operandi . - no idea what's this is supposed to mean . it makes no sense without an explanation . i have therefore removed it - if whoever added want to reinsert and explain , fine . * few minor npov tweaks , along with a little reprasing for better flow , and grammatical corrections ( mp's , etc . ) . it is still rather slangy in places , and this ought to be rewritten .
0.038318407
edits by me searchlight has indeed been sued successfully many times someone has altered this fact to suggest that this isnt the case while providing no proof im changing it back as a magazine it bases itself on the one of the prime journalistsic principles of not revealing its sources amongst those sources have been ray hill tim hepple matthew collins darren wells and andy sykes isnt this rather contradictory its sources obviously have been revealed although i shall leave it in prime journalistsic principles however is rather too complimentarysounding for a npov article hepple has been discredxted somewhat but that is in no way a reflection on searchlights modus operandi no idea whats this is supposed to mean it makes no sense without an explanation i have therefore removed it if whoever added want to reinsert and explain fine few minor npov tweaks along with a little reprasing for better flow and grammatical corrections mps etc it is still rather slangy in places and this ought to be rewritten 
0.020560386
discredited

thanks for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and has now been removed . please use wikipedia : sandbox for any other tests you want to do , since testing material in articles will normally be removed quickly . please see the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks . |
0.01362857
thanks for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and has now been removed please use wikipedia sandbox for any other tests you want to do since testing material in articles will normally bp removed quickly please see the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks 
0.011771368
be

will now you do ! chris holmes is my only best friend that i have left , all the others are dead ! i went to school with chris , and we were on the same baseball team . mr. lucas was are coach back then , and chris could have made a career in baseball . man ! was he good . but his guitar and his long hair came first . i remember when a minister offer chris , $500.00 dollars to cut his long hair.it took him about 30 seconds to say no thanks . man ! $500.00 bucks was a lot of money back then . even back then chris knew exactly what he wanted .
0.09455373
will now you do chris holmes is my only best friend that i have left all the others are uead i went to school with chris and we were on the same baseball team mr lucas was are coach back then and chris could have made a career in baseball man was he good but his guitar and his long hair came first i remember when a minister offer chris 50000 dollars to cut his long hairit took him about 30 seconds to say no thanks man 50000 bucks was a lot of money back then even back then chris knew exactly what he wanted 
0.03427763
dead

= = substubs = = substubs are merely a type of stub , they are not a different category . see wikipedia : find or fix a stub and wikipedia : substub . accordingly , there is nothing wrong with having a stub message on a so-called substub . also , please note that the use of the substub concept is disputed , see wikipedia talk : substub .
0.048999
substubs substubs are merely a type of stub they are not a different category see wikipedia find or fix a stub and wikipedia substub accordingly there is nothing wrong with having a stub message on a socalled substub also please note that the use of the substub concept is disyuted see wikipedia talk substub 
0.039104875
disputed

just ignore rex , he threatens everyone . vandalism reports about disputes of content are generally ignored because they aren't considered vandalism , so don't worry about that . welcome aboard .
0.15790571
just ignore rex he threatens everyone vabdalism reports about disputes of content are generally ignored because they arent considered vandazism so dont worry about that welcome aboard 
0.13176501
vandalism

questions i believe that i've understood and correctly used/explained most of the historical indian terms used in this article , but ; 1 . what is mughal sardari ? from the context i would guess its a position ( general ? ) in the mughal army . 2 . what is the correct spelling of shayeste khan ? there seems to be inconsistency on how this name is rendered in english characters . i also found shaista khan in shivaji . 3 . could someone confirm that killedar means a garrison commander ? or if it doesn't correct it . 4 . i assume ( from context ) that durga also means fort or maybe a fortified town . is that correct ? but see current article durga . 5 . we're missing article for sangram durga , or maybe we're missing an article for sangram and an expansion of durga 6 . finally just general help with standardising the spelling and capitalisation of the historical terms and names ( and titles ) would be very helpful ! as you can see i'm not knowledgeable about indian history .
0.017394276
questions i believe that ive understood and correctly usedexplained most of the historical indian terms used in this article but 1 what is mughal sardari from the context i would guess its a position general in the mughal army 2 what is the correct spelling of shayeste khan there seems to be inconsistency on how this name is rendered in englisu characters i also found shaista khan in shivaji 3 could someone confirm that killedar means a garrison commander or if it doesnt correct it 4 i assume from context that durga also means fort or maybe a fortified town is that correct but see current article durga 5 were missing article for sangram durga or maybe were missing an article for sangram and an expansion of durga 6 finally just general help with standardising the spelling and capitalisation of the historical terms and names and titles would be very helpful as you can see im not knowledgeable about indian history 
0.015225446
english

:: a third term is significant simply because it is rare . the electorate and party ( often on behalf of the former ) are disillusioned with the party leader by this time , thus they kick him/her out . read about margaret thatcher .
0.121794686
a third term is significant simply because it is rare the electorate and party often on behalf of the former are disillusioned with the party leades by this time thus they kick himher out read about margaret thatcher 
0.11494354
leader

= = thank you , sjakkalle = = for voting me as administrator , and for the kind words ! i very much appreciate your support !
0.024615875
thank you sjakkalle for voting me as administrafor and for the kind words i very much appreciate your support 
0.023200182
administrator

recently there have been 3 reverts over the inclusion of this image : image : dwtwinotter . jpg . i believe that it should be included as it is freely licenced and applicable and fits the layout . - | : bah , i feel stupid now - i just realized that that isn't a twin otter in the picture ! - |
0.27405757
recently there have been 3 reverts over the inclusion of this image image dwtwinotter jpg i believe that it should be included as it is freely licenced and applicable and fits the layout bah i feel stupig now i just realized that that isnt a twin otter in the picture 
0.009919765
stupid

this is a seriously inadequate list , if it is meant to be comprehensive . there are hundreds of smaller islands in japan . 20th march 2005
0.026041036
this is a seriously inadequatp list if it is meant to be comprehensive there are hundreds of smaller islands in japan 20th march 2005 
0.014599924
inadequate

