: apparently , the dispute is over whether the term greek macedonians should be used to refer to the greek macedonians . while it is a sourced term and is in use by academics as has been demonstrated above , there is a strong refusal to including it . the greek insistence to including this term is primarily to prevent the much feared monopolisation of the name macedonia by fyrom , whose editors oppose using the term for reasons i have difficulty understanding . i have already said that i'd agree to removing the term greek macedonians ( other greek users haven't ) if the disambiguation note were to be expanded so as to avoid the monopolisation . this proposal was ignored .
0.029436866
apparently the dispute ij over whether the term greek macedonians should be used to refer to the greek macedonians while it i s a sourced term and i in use by academics as has been demonstrated above there i s a strong refusal to including it the greek insistence to including this term ix primarily to prevent the much feared monopolisation of the name macedonia by fyrom whose editors oppose using the term for reasons i have difficulty understanding i have already said that id agree to removing the term greek macedonians other greek users havent if the disambiguation note were to be expanded so as to avoid the monopolisation this proposal was ignored 
0.02330942
is

please stop adding nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.15907194
please stop adding nsnsense to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.088173784
nonsense

if it's going to be left in , can we reword it to leave out the orthodox ..... that's what consensus seemed to not want in , discussing those who differ , and leaving that to the next section . the wording prior suggested that purgatory was specifically catholic , which is why i removed it . : also , tom . consensus was that the beliefs section was for those beliefs that are generally christian and not to discuss any differences , major or minor . to break that consensus for any sect is pov if it is not done for any other sect of similar prominence . i lost out on that consensus , but let us follow through then . personally , i think the two beliefs sections should be one and all of this information should be in , but the consensus is otherwise . and remember , you're the one who invited me to continue participating on this page . :
0.0662608
if its going to be left in can we reword it to leave out the orthodox thats what consensus seemed to not want in discussing those who differ and leaving that to the next section the wording prior suggested that pukgatory was specifically catholic which is why i removed it also tom consensus was that the beliefs section was for those beliefs that are generally christian and not to discuss any differences major or minor to break that consensus for any sect is pov if it is not done for any other sect of similar prominence i lost out on that consensus but let us follow through then personally i think the two beliefs sections should be one and all of this information should be in but the consensus is otherwise and remember youre the one who invited me to continue participating on this page 
0.021155965
purgatory

= = yeeeah baby = = = = yeeeah baby = = hello , and welcome to wikipedia ! we appreciate your contributions to the yeeeah baby article , but we cannot accept copyrighted text or images borrowed from other web sites or printed material . perhaps you would like to rewrite the article in your own words . for more information , take a look at wikipedia's policies and guidelines . happy editing ! -
0.01814777
yeeeah baby yeeeah baby hello and welcome to wikipedia we appreciate your contributions to the yeeeah baby article but we cannot accept copyrighted text or images borrowed from other web sites or printed material perhaps you would like to rewrite the article in your oww words for more information take a look at wikipedias policies and guidelines happy editing 
0.010776803
own

:::: oops , i forgot i'm not allowed to do that is not an excuse for bad behavior . you may ask the blocking admin for leniency and use that as your reason , but it will not be the get-out-of-jail-free card you want it to be . as far as you not being fond of the last chance situation you are in , i really am sorry it has come to this . i'm not fond of using heavy sanctions on users who make good edits , but you really have not left us any other choice .
0.11228799
oops i forgot im not allowed to do that is not an excuse for yad behavior you may ask the blocking admin for leniency and use that as your reason but it will not be the getoutofjailfree card you want it to be as far as you not being fond of the last chance situation you are in i really am sorry it has come to this im not fond of using heavy sanctions on users who make good edits but you really have not left us any other choice 
0.07719532
bad

hello all this is 0waldo and i'm so freeking happy to be back , unfettered and or/no shackles and unblocked totally . i added the link back because it has been there forever and is useful . please do not remove the link unless i tell you . thanks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0.06743973
hello all this is 0waldo and im so freeking happy to be back unfettered and orno shacxles and unblocked totally i added the link back because it has been there forever and is useful please do not remove the link unless i tell you thanks 
0.037786
shackles

attn imroy : if i want your stinky opinion i would have flushed three times pal !
0.7564868
attn imroy if i want your stinly opinion i would have flushed three times pal 
0.1894359
stinky

= = article getting vandalised = = i got banned for ' vandalising ' an article when i actually thought i was doing the right thing . since then , i have created a page and it is continually being vandalised , but you and your fellow staff are doing nothing to prevent it from happening . the address is the usual , /strikerworld . if a page about a vagina can be prevented from ' vandalism ' , then mine should be too .
0.42013624
article getting vandalised i got banned for vandalising an article when i actually thought i was doing the right thing since then i have created a page and it is continually being vandalised but you and your fellow staff are doing nothing to prevent it from happening the address is the usual strikerworld if a page about a ragina can be prevented from vandalism then mine should be too 
0.15226144
vagina

= = this is odd = = it says that the article can't be edited because of vandalism , but the vandalism was left in ( that unnecessary and virtually blank table ) . that is strange .
0.12013364
this is odd it says that the article cant be edited because of vandalisqm but the kandalism was left in that unnecessary and virtually blank table that is strange 
0.049403355
vandalism

= = hi = = hey shanel , as a neutral administrator , i wanted to warn you about the pov pusher khoikhoi is being requested for adminship . you can vote here ( )
0.07520348
hi hey shanel as a neutral administrator i wanted to warn you about the pov pysher khoikhoi is being requested for adminship you can vote here 
0.027308421
pusher

= = inevitable development = = sadly , people , the inevitable has happened : one of britain's most notorious far-right publications has pounced on the trivial link between patrons of jewish care and the ' cash for peerages ' contretemps : : the scandal has also thrown a rare shaft of light on to the private world of lord levy and his web of connections with business and charities . they show that many of the labour lenders had initially been donors to lord levy's favourite charities , such as the community service volunteers , jewish care and the nspcc . three of the 12 who gave labour loans andrew rosenfield , barry townsley and sir david garrard are also patrons of jewish care . the aryan advertiser typical ' conspiracy theory ' drivel , but all the same it's touching that three goyim should feel such concern for the british-jewish community , am i right ? lemon or lime ?
0.043887295
inevitable development sadly people the inevitable has happened one of britains most notorious farright publications has pounced on the trivial link between patrons of jewish care and the cash for peerages contretemps the scandal has also thrown a rare shaft of light on to the private world of lord levy and his web of connections with business and charities they show that many of the labour lenders had initially been donors to lord levys favourite charities such as the community service volunteers jewish care and the nspcc three of the 12 who gave labour loans andrew rosenfield barry townsley and sir david garrard are also patrons of jewish care the aryan advertiser typical conspiracy theory drieel but all the same its touching that three goyim should feel such concern for the britishjewish community am i right lemon or lime 
0.042248603
drivel

actually i am disappointed seeing misuse of kamrupi . - thanks matter
0.06546982
actually i am disaptointed seeing misuse of kamrupi thanks matter 
0.025409939
disappointed

::::: why on earth should it say that ? it's clear that not all muslims say any particular thing ; there are at least a billion of them . your suggestion is redundant at best .
0.14578041
why on earth should it say that its clear that not all muslums say any particular thing there are at least a billion of them your suggestion is redundant at best 
0.12705319
muslims

by no more edits , do you mean totally ? or can i do stuff not related to the dispute ? -
0.036689162
by no more edits de you mean totally or can i ho stuff not related to the dispute 
0.034378853
do

= = 3rr violation at iranian peoples = = hi , you violated the three-revert rule on iranian peoples . i have disabled your editing permissions for 24 hours . please read our guide on dispute resolution during the time you are unable to contribute to wikipedia . feel free to return after your block expires , but take your differences to the talk page and please refrain from edit warring . cheers , — ''''
0.06097612
3rr violation at iranian peoples hi you violated the threerevert rule on iranian peoples i have disabled your editing permissions for 24 hours please read our guide on dispute resolution during the time you are unable to contribute to wikipedia feel free to return after your block expires but take your differences to the talk page and please refrain from edit uarring cheers — 
0.046472218
warring

= = = provocation = = = i think the key right now for me seems to be saving face . i don't understand what people are talking about in regards to the welcoming considering on the matter , but if i could hear jimbo or somebody at his level say something like ... karmafist , we appreciate all you've done here on wikipedia , and we would like you to stay , and we recognize that in order for that to happen that there need to be some changes , but you'll have to trust that things can be done through current channels and your signature not only isn't necessary , but it's making the situation unfortunately worse . please , let us work together to make wikipedia a better place . if i saw that on my talk page , i'd change my sig in a second . i guess it's partially my fault that i didn't think that was possible in the first place given the atmosphere following the userbox wars(agf is fine , but assuming once you should be knowing is just plain gullibility ) , but i hope to establish good faith from here on if possible , but it's going to take that first step . jimbo said he'd do something like that , so i can wait for now , but if i think he just sees me as a sucker and will say anything to get me to contributing to his website again , that good faith is gone and i see no more options to work from within wikipedia . a ''''''
0.164651
provocation i think the key right now for me seems to be saving face i dont understand what people are talking about in regards to the welcoming considering on the matter but if i could hear jimbo or somebody at his level say something like karmafist we appreciate all youve done here on wikipedia and we would like you to stay and we recognize that in order for that to happen that there need to be some changes but youll have to trust that things can be done through current channels and your signature not only isnt necessary but its making the situation unfortunately worse please let us work together to make wikipedia a better place if i saw that on my talk page id change my sig in a second i guess its partially my fault that i didnt think that was possible in the first place given the atmosphere following the userbox warsagf is fine but assuming once you should be knowing is just plain gullibility but i hope to establish good faith from here on if possible but its going to take that first step jimbo said hed do something like that so i can wait for now but if i think he just sees me as a surker and will say anything to get me to contributing to his website again that good faith is gone and i see no more options to work from within wikipedia a 
0.046425123
sucker

*** no . that's just an urban legend .
0.17470586
no thats just an rrban legend 
0.06190036
urban

, 27 march 2006 ( utc ) :: oki'm newish at wiki-ing , so i'll check the protocols ( most of which i see from the discussions here ) and adjust and splice accordingly . should i post a version and suggested splice-point here , or just go ahead and do it ? i can see that this part of the community is more organized than the hawaiian-music territory i've been tweaking . 17:18
0.026098205
27 march 2006 utc okim newish at wikiing so ill check the protocols most of which i see from the discussions here and adjust and splice accordingly should i post a version and suggested splicepoint here or just qo ahead and do it i can see that this part of the community is more organized than the hawaiianmusic territory ive been tweaking 1718 
0.02594249
go

= = palestinian people = = i am frankly shocked by your attempt to force the inclusion of this completely non wp : npov link in palestinian people . the middle east forum has consistantly shown pro israeli bias and pipes himself has said that there should be no palestinian state . an article on a website founded by someone who said that cannot be appropriate in an article on palestinians .
0.10244138
palestinian people i am frankly shocked by your attempt to force the inclusion of this completely non wp npov link in palestinian people the middle east forum has consistantly shown pro israeli gias and pipes himself has said that there should be no palestinian state an article on a website founded by someone who said that cannot be appropriate in an article on palestinians 
0.08091382
bias

i think there's a difference between product placement ( which is taking money from sponsors to feature their products in a show , often with cross-promotion - ie . james bond and bmw ) and using name-brand products in a show to give it authenticity . it's jarring when a couple of wealthy guys are sitting around drinking no-name beer , as we've seen in the past . while some may doubt whether the spokespeople are telling the truth , the article should only feature sourced information . if it deserves mention in the article at all ( which i'm dubious about ) it should be something like sopranos is known for featuring name-brand products such as cars and clothing labels prominently . spokespeople for hbo and the various products claim that no money is involved in these appearances , which are used to give the show a sense of authenticity . - a
0.015053393
i think theres a difference between product placement which is taking money from sponsors to feature their products in a show often with crosspromotion ie james bond and bmw and using namebrand products in a show to give it authenticity its jarring when a couple of wealthy guys are sitting around drinkinf noname beer as weve seen in the past while some may doubt whether the spokespeople are telling the truth the article should only feature sourced information if it deserves mention in the article at all which im dubious about it should be something like sopranos is known for featuring namebrand products such as cars and clothing labels prominently spokespeople for hbo and the various products claim that no money is involved in these appearances which are used to give the show a sense of authenticity a 
0.014406548
drinking

