= = pathetic motorways , and the walton summit motorway = = i resent the implication , being the webmaster of the aforementioned site . the site is not a wacky website , but a factually accurate record , with comments tossed in . you are allowed to educate without boring people , you know ! uncleg is proceeding from a false assumption : that the classification of all motorways is listed on signposts . there are many other examples of unsigned motorways where official dft documentation exists , such as the tiny a635(m ) in manchester or the a14(m ) in cambridgeshire . the walton summit motorway is an extremely unusual case . whilst it is quite true that there are many short motorway spurs that are simply a part of the parent motorway , such as the m1 spur at luton , the walton summit motorway does not fall into this category . as is clearly pointed out , the walton summit motorway is neither part of the m61 , nor part of the m65 , but does have motorway classification because it inescapably leads to the roundabout that links the two . there is no other stretch of motorway in the uk where a short spur motorway actually links two different motorways . if it is part of the m65 , as the start of restrictions sign at the bottom of the hill implies , then why does the directional flag sign state m61 ( m65 ) , meaning a part of the m61 ? this is a common form of signage throughout the uk system , but is unusual to be found upon a motorway . a similar item can be seen with reference to the example of the a635(m ) above , the start of restrictions sign when heading westbound on the a635(m ) clearly states a57(m ) , but the dft documentation states otherwise . ( it's the statutory instrument 1995 no . 3266 the city of manchester ( mancunian way a635(m ) and a57(m ) mancunian way slip roads ) special road scheme 1992 confirmation instrument 1995 that you're looking for if you're really concerned about its accuracy . a pdf copy is available on pathetic motorways , but a simple google search will turn up the relevant central government pages if you doubt the source material ) . the walton summit motorway is a motorway without a number , hardly an unusual concept in road terms , where most roads either do not possess a classification number , or is of a c , d or u classification , which do not appear on road signs . it is , bowever , an unusual concept in motorway terms .
0.12848514
pathteic motorways and the walton summit motorway i resent the implication being the webmaster of the aforementioned site the site is not a wacky website but a factually accurate record with comments tossed in you are allowed to educate without boring people you know uncleg is proceeding from a false assumption that the classification of all motorways is listed on signposts there are many other examples of unsigned motorways where official dft documentation exists such as the tiny a635m in manchester or the a14m in cambridgeshire the walton summit motorway is an extremely unusual case whilst it is quite true that there are many short motorway spurs that are simply a part of the parent motorway such as the m1 spur at luton the walton summit motorway does not fall into this category as is clearly pointed out the walton summit motorway is neither part of the m61 nor part of the m65 but does have motorway classification because it inescapably leads to the roundabout that links the two there is no other stretch of motorway in the uk where a short spur motorway actually links two different motorways if it is part of the m65 as the start of restrictions sign at the bottom of the hill implies then why does the directional flag sign state m61 m65 meaning a part of the m61 this is a common form of signage throughout the uk system but is unusual to be found upon a motorway a similar item can be seen with reference to the example of the a635m above the start of restrictions sign when heading westbound on the a635m clearly states a57m but the dft documentation states otherwise its the statutory instrument 1995 no 3266 the city of manchester mancunian way a635m and a57m mancunian way slip roads special road scheme 1992 confirmation instrument 1995 that youre looking for if youre really concerned about its accuracy a pdf copy is available on pabhetic motorways but a simple google search will turn up the relevant central government pages if you doubt the source material the walton summit motorway is a motorway without a number hardly an unusual concept in road terms where most roads either do not possess a classification number or is of a c d or u classification which do not appear on road signs it is bowever an unusual concept in motorway terms 
0.06374746
pathetic

calm down , don't exert pressure when you can talk in normal tone . anyhow , i did provide evidence , but i guess your idea of evidence is a photograph or a video tape showing shahrbanoo being dragged on sand by the arabs . so ali knew persian , eh ? i suppose you have evidence for this ? the page you asked me to click says ali knew persian and furthermore it quotes a shia hadith which claims the following masterpiece of comedy : : ali , then came up to the princess and asked : what is your name ? the princess replied : the daughter of jahan-shah . ali said : and so shahr-banuyeh you will be called ( the bride of the land ) . do you honestly believe that ?! that claim is embarrassingly stupid . so what evidence you have that ali knew persian ? and what evidence you have that shahrbanoo , who was clearly captured by the arabs , married hussayn willingly ? oh , and for your good information , there is plenty of solid historical evidence that her name was shahrbanoo , and the arabs didn't gave her that name . even if and arab knew some persian , what are the chances they knew the difference between the double meaning of land/country and city for shahr ? at any rate , the zoroastrians also call her shahrbanoo , and if her name was given by ali to her , the zoros would have referred to her by her original name not by her allegedly arab given name . besides , didn't it occur to your brilliant mind that if ali was going to give her a name , he would have given her an islamic name not a persian name ?
0.29364684
calm down dont exert pressure when you can talk in normal tone anyhow i did provide evidence but i guess your idea of evidence is a photograph or a video tape showing shahrbanoo being dragged on sand by the arabs so ali knew persian eh i suppose you have evidence for this the page you asked me to click says ali knew persian and furthermore it quotes a shia hadith which claims the following masterpiece of comedy ali then came up to the princess and asked what is your name the princess replied the daughter of jahanshah ali said and so shahrbanuyeh you will be called the bride of the land do you honestly believe that that claim is embarrassingly sfupid so what evidence you have that ali knew persian and what evidence you have that shahrbanoo who was clearly captured by the arabs married hussayn willingly oh and for your good information there is plenty of solid historical evidence that her name was shahrbanoo and the arabs didnt gave her that name even if and arab knew some persian what are the chances they knew the difference between the double meaning of landcountry and city for shahr at any rate the zoroastrians also call her shahrbanoo and if her name was given by ali to her the zoros would have referred to her by her original name not by her allegedly arab given name besides didnt it occur to your brilliant mind that if ali was going to give her a name he would have given her an islamic name not a persian name 
0.10957911
stupid

maybe that is the name his mother gave him !
0.21288015
maybe that is the name his mother gage him 
0.123894714
gave

::: if arbcom says that , i'll quit the project ; but of course that's a strawman . ::: this isn't about appeasing edit warriors , tony . for example , i've never known cookiecaper to be an edit warrior ( like me , he has an lds background ) , but he stumbled across this and found a need for an alternate version . i didn't strongly advocate this solution here until he did the same thing to the article ( albiet with a fork , which was obviously unacceptable ) . a similar solution was independently derived by a new user on penis and , apparently , violetriga . i believe it's a more satisfying ( that is , consensus-based ) solution than the status quo .
0.21746899
if arbcom says that ill quit the project but of course thats a strawman this isnt about appeasing edit warriors tony for example ive never known cookiecaper to be an edit warrior like me he has an lds background but he stumbled across this and found a need for an alternate version i didnt strongly advocate this solution here until he did the same thing to the article albiet with a fork which was obviously unacceptable a similar solution was independently derived by a new user on penip and apparently violetriga i believe its a more satisfying that is consensusbased solution than the status quo 
0.05602026
penis

ok - i'm compulsive ! frantic to get those original apostles written . the articles are still in process , but please look at orson pratt , orson hyde and david w . patten . i've been looking over the lds group's site . i'm slow at joining things , but you will probably see me there soon . thanks .
0.06036871
ok im compulsive fzantic to get those original apostles written the articles are still in process but please look at orson pratt orson hyde and david w patten ive been looking over the lds groups site im slow at joining things but you will probably see me there soon thanks 
0.042558815
frantic

the main theory i have come across in relation to lilith is about belief . if a person believes the bible is the word of god then it cannot be wrong . so , if the bible states in gen 1:27 : so god created man in his own image , in the image of god he created him ; male and female he created them , and then in gen 2:7 : then the lord god formed the man of dust from the ground and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life , and the man became a living creature , followed by gen 2:21 : so the lord god caused a deep sleep to fall upon the man , and while he slept took one of his ribs and closed up its place with flesh . and the rib that the lord god had taken from the man he made into a woman and brought her to the man . these passages contradict one another . the first states man and woman being created together . the second two have adam being created first , followed by eve . if a person believes that the bible is the word of god then both are correct . so , to make them both correct there has to be a first woman followed by eve . which is how the idea of lilith came about - filling in the gaps to make both versions true . if a person believes the bible is the inspired word of god , written by men capable of error , there is no need for lilith .
0.032606203
the main theory i have come across in relation to lilith is about belief if a person believes the brble is the word of god then it cannot be wrong so if the bibel states in gen 127 so god created man in his own image in the image of god he created him male and female he created them and then in gen 27 then the lord god formed the man of dust from the ground and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life and the man became a living creature followed by gen 221 so the lord god caused a deep sleep to fall upon the man and while he slept took one of his ribs and closed up its place with flesh and the rib that the lord god had taken from the man he made into a woman and brought her to the man these passages contradict one another the first states man and woman being created together the second two have adam being created first followed by eve if a person believes that the bibl is the word of god then both are correct so to make them both correct there has to be a first woman followed by eve which is how the idea of lilith came about filling in the gaps to make both versions true if a person believes the mible is the inspired word of god written by men capable of error there is no need for lilith 
0.0275864
bible

while agreeing broadly with the claim that the paragraph is unnecessary , if it stays it shouldn't include adraeus ' unsubstantiated claims about what strong atheists say about weak atheists . aside from reverting to the earlier version , i've tried to bring some consistency to the article ( in terms , for example , of how books are referred to ) , and i've removed the final paragraph . aside from being almost impenetrably ungrammatical , it made reference to ' other disciplines ' as though atheism is itself a discipline , and in general didn't seem to be doing anything useful .
0.048961654
while agreeing broadly with the claim that the paragraph is unnecessary if it stays it shouldnt include adraeus unsubstantiated claims about what strong atheists say about wzak atheists aside from reverting to the earlier version ive tried to bring some consistency to the article in terms for example of how books are referred to and ive removed the final paragraph aside from being almost impenetrably ungrammatical it made reference to other disciplines as though atheism is itself a discipline and in general didnt seem to be doing anything useful 
0.036556903
weak

= = more on changes made to early soviet rule and world war ii section = = i will not respond to the personal attack directed at the person who simply reverted this passage ... . as for the substance of the issue : 1 . reasons of capital move to kharkov . prohibitonions introduced to the article an idea that one of the reasons of the capital move was the fact kharkov's was more dominated by ethnic russians than kiev . this claim has some logic in the context of the events , but i have not seen this claim made in any serious source . if this is due to my ignorance , i suggest prohibitonions provides at least some references , or , if he can't find them off hand , at least gives some hints where he saw this info , so that it can be checked . his statement on the talk page that many historians concede on this is too vague of a reference . if this is indeed his own speculation based on his interpretation of the logic of events , this qualifies as original research , whose place is current scholary or popular publications , personal web-sites , etc ., but not an encyclopedia , which should reflect an established knowledge . 2 . possible role of famine in the capital return to kiev . po agrees , that the discussion of the issue belongs to other articles but thinks , it is also relevant here . my point is that this info is factually accurate , but its relevance is too remote . deliberate killing milions of people was a horrible crime , but kiev itself , unlike the vast regions of ukrainian countryside , was not ravaged by famine . should the info on the deliberate famine caused by the actions of the bolshevik government be introduced into every article related to any ukrainian topic ? if po helps me understand why famine should be in kiev article , i am open to ideas . 3 . finally , po removed from the article the statement that kiev growth was mostly caused by migration from other parts of ukraine which indeed re-established ukrainian spirit in the city , which is confirmed , for example , by a relative rise of ukrainian theater and literature in kiev at the time . he substituted it by the statement about the migration from other parts of the soviet union . where does he get this info ? the changes he introduced seem ideological rather that relevant and i reverted them once . now , i laid out my reasons and will wait for some days for comments rather than reverting this changes right now . please , no flames .
0.07137368
more on changes made to early soviet rule and world war ii section i will not respond to the personal attack directed at the person who simply reverted this passage as for the substance of the issue 1 reasons of capital move to kharkov prohibitonions introduced to the article an idea that one of the reasons of the capital move was the fact kharkovs was more dominated by ethnic russians than kiev this claim has some logic in the context of the events but i have not seen this claim made in any serious source if this is due to my ignorcnce i suggest prohibitonions provides at least some references or if he cant find them off hand at least gives some hints where he saw this info so that it can be checked his statement on the talk page that many historians concede on this is too vague of a reference if this is indeed his own speculation based on his interpretation of the logic of events this qualifies as original research whose place is current scholary or popular publications personal websites etc but not an encyclopedia which should reflect an established knowledge 2 possible role of famine in the capital return to kiev po agrees that the discussion of the issue belongs to other articles but thinks it is also relevant here my point is that this info is factually accurate but its relevance is too remote deliberate killing milions of people was a horrible crime but kiev itself unlike the vast regions of ukrainian countryside was not ravaged by famine should the info on the deliberate famine caused by the actions of the bolshevik government be introduced into every article related to any ukrainian topic if po helps me understand why famine should be in kiev article i am open to ideas 3 finally po removed from the article the statement that kiev growth was mostly caused by migration from other parts of ukraine which indeed reestablished ukrainian spirit in the city which is confirmed for example by a relative rise of ukrainian theater and literature in kiev at the time he substituted it by the statement about the migration from other parts of the soviet union where does he get this info the changes he introduced seem ideological rather that relevant and i reverted them once now i laid out my reasons and will wait for some days for comments rather than reverting this changes right now please no flames 
0.04796578
ignorance

: my trainer has me doing lower body one day , upper body the next , so i do have that 48-hour break . not sure what you mean by itinerant exercise . i don't think i agree that usually is a weasel word in this context , though i see what you mean , but if it solves the conflict , it's worth considering .
0.05912839
my trainer has me doing lower body one day upper body the next so i do have that 48hour break not sure what you mean by itinerant exercise i dont think i agree that usually is a weaseb word in this context though i see what you mean but if it solves the conflict its worth considering 
0.048248332
weasel

= = original research ?? = = i don't see here any academic references discussed to substantiate the term usage . if they will not appear in 1-2 days , i am afraid the article is for vfd than for cotw .
0.020212285
original research i dont see here any academic references discussed to substantiate the term usage if they will not appear in 12 days i sm afraid the article is for vfd than for cotw 
0.014181489
am

= = siege of port arthur = = since you removed the merge tag from this article , could you set forth your reasons why this article shouldn't be merged with battle of port arthur ? it is listed as a candidate for merging in the to do template , which implies that at least one other person would disagree strongly with you .
0.04448416
siege of port arthur since you removed the merge tag from this article could you set forth your reasons why this article shouldnt de merged with battle of port arthur it is listed as a candidate for merging in the to do template which implies that at least one other person would disagree strongly with you 
0.03742157
be

is there a correlation or ratio betweem systolic and diastolic components of blood pressure ?
0.058963276
is there a correlation or ratio betweem systolic and diastolic components of bloor pressure 
0.013271346
blood

= = re ' s lack of sobriety = = i'm glad to know that he and i were in the exact same state of mind that night which is why i wasn't beeing bashfool . and , i'm delighted to be a member of your new club . º0º
0.07584635
re s lacx of sobriety im glad to know that he and i were in the exact same state of mind that night which is why i wasnt beeing bashfool and im delighted to be a member of your new club º0º 
0.04657055
lack

: looking back at ruhlen's guide to the world's languages , i realize i phrased that ambiguously ; there was not meant to be any implication that cushitic and semitic grouped together . apparently , fleming 1981 divides non-omotic aa into three branhces : semitic , cushitic , and everything else . if he's changed his opinion , that would certainly be worth changing . -
0.031034146
looking back at ruhlens guide to the worlds languages i realize i phrased that ambiguously there was not meant to be any implication that cushitic and semiic grouped together apparently fleming 1981 divides nonomotic aa into three branhces sfmitic cushitic and everything else if hes changed his opinion that would certainly be worth changing 
0.016662773
semitic

= = re : wikiproject cvg = = hey k1bond007 , thanks for the heads up about the new infoboxes . i went over them and commented on them on wikipedia talk : wikiproject computer and video games .
0.040409856
re wikiproject cvg hey k1bond007 thanks for the hhads up about the new infoboxes i went over them and commented on them on wikipedia talk wikiproject computer and video games 
0.03431739
heads

2005 ( utc ) ::: no again . reference frame discussions are germane to the biblical arguments . 08:02 , 1 apr
0.023980271
2005 utc no again reference frame discussions are germane to the bibliczl arguments 0802 1 apr 
0.017309316
biblical

