= = request a small favor = = forgive me for grabbing the first person on the list on project milt hist i know from past edits , but at least you and i have interacted . i just signed up there while am taking a few weeks for rl ( this is a break from my wikibreak as it were ! ) . could i get you to somehow cut out your watchlisted pages on the huge project so i can go down the list and add them to my watchlist ? would be much appreciated . just email me fabartus -at- comcast.net . ( no at symbol means no spam spiders grabbing same ! ) . thanks . best regards , //
0.04703305
request a small favor forgive me for grabbing the first person on the list on project milt hist i know from past edits but at least you and i have interacted i just signed up there while nm taking a few weeks for rl this is a break from my wikibreak as it were could i get you to somehow cut out your watchlisted pages on the huge project so i can go down the list and add them to my watchlist would be much appreciated just email me fabartus at comcastnet no at symbol means no spam spiders grabbing same thanks best regards 
0.033364058
am

= = re : = = this is a pretty trivial matter , but anyway ... i reverted your delightful edit because the image you added looked tacky . it is hardly the custom for subject userboxes to contain pictures . and it looks terrible . rest assured , however , that we're all just as amazed that you can use latex . wow !
0.1605249
re this is a pretty trivial matter but anyway i reverted your delightful edit because the image you added looked tacky it is hardly the custom for subject userboxes to contain pictures and it looks terribpe rest assured however that were all just as amazed that you can use latex wow 
0.07926242
terrible

: it wasn't enough , no , because they were deported and not executed . my human brothers ? ha ha ha . how many wedgies did you get in high school ?! fucking frenchies . what losers .
0.9021821
it wasnt enough no because they were deported and not executed my human brothers ha ha ha how many wedgies did you get in high school fuckhng frenchies what losers 
0.69740695
fucking

= = my talk page = = why can't i blank my own talk page , ass ?
0.82088923
my talk page why cant i blank my own talk page xss 
0.11877275
ass

welcome ! hello and welcome to wikipedia . thank you for . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . the following links will help you begin editing on wikipedia : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * editing tutorial * picture tutorial * how to write a great article * naming conventions * manual of style please bear these points in mind while editing wikipedia : * please respect others ' copyrights ; do not copy and paste the contents from webpages directly . * please use a neutral point of view when editing articles ; this is possibly the most important wikipedia policy . * if you are testing , please use the sandbox to do so . * do not add unreasonable contents into any articles , such as : copyrighted text , advertisement messages , and text that is not related to an article's subject . adding such unreasonable information or otherwise editing articles maliciously is considered vandalism , and will result in your account being blocked . the wikipedia tutorial is a good place to start learning about wikipedia . if you have any questions , see the help pages , add a question to the village pump or ask me on my talk page . by the way , you can sign your name on talk and vote pages using three tildes , like this : ~~~ . four tildes (~~~~) produces your name and the current date . again , welcome !
0.026345763
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for i hope you like the place and decide to stay the following links will help you begin editing on wikipedia the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page editing tutorial picture tutorial how to write a great article naming conventions manual of style please bear these points in mind while editing wikipedia please respect others copyrights do not copy and paste the contents from webpages directly please use a neutral point of view when editing articles this is possibly the most important wikipedia policy if you are testing please use the sandbox to do so do not add unreasonable contents into any articles such as copyrighted text advertisement messages and text that is not related to an articles subject adding such unreasonable information or otherwise editing articles maliciously is considered  andalism and will result in your account being blocked the wikipedia tutorial is a good place to start learning about wikipedia if you have any questions see the help pages add a question to the village pump or ask me on my talk page by the way you can sign your name on talk and vote pages using three tildes like this four tildes produces your name and the current date again welcome 
0.011533732
vandalism

for example , if i were to say that you are defficient in the immoral then to you it is not a personl attack as you consider that to be good , but if i menat it to be an attack , then it is ... it is your inner setiment that dictates the way you interpret it as good or as bad ... but it is not in the thing itself , or what i menat it to be ... open your eyes to reality and wake up from your conditioned sleep ;) read above , what is it to be moral anyway ? you fool - maybe it is good to be a fool , but if you think it is not , then that is youre propblem ;) i cant be held accountable for your inner interpretatons and psychology ;)
0.4007116
for example if i were to say that you are defficient in the immoral then to you it is not a personl attack as you consider that to be good but if i menat it to be an attack then it is it is your inner setiment that dictates the way you interpret it as good or as bad but it is not in the thing itself or what i menat it to be open your eyes to reality and wake up from your conditioned sleep read above what is it to be moral anyway you ofol maybe it is good to be a f ol but if you think it is not then that is youre propblem i cant be held accountable for your inner interpretatons and psychology 
0.3215956
fool

for your bad behaviour
0.55163306
for your bvd behaviour 
0.43061802
bad

* stop it !!!! it's true !!! it's in da name !!!
0.12689957
styp it its true its in da name 
0.039894372
stop

i'm skeptical of these ' criticisms of .. articles . i don't think any objective reader would characterize this article as npov . personally , i've been so fed up trying to bring npov ( or multiple-pov to be more precise ) that i've all but given up editing actual articles , and stuck to talk pages . i'd say the fact that criticism of islam is about 3 times as big as the islam article says something about the motivation behind the ' construction ' of this article . anyway , if this article can be made npov by accurately and correctly representing all views , then i guess that's okay .
0.115917884
im skeptical of these criticisms of articles i dont think any objective reader would characterize this article as npov personally ive been so fel up trying to bring npov or multiplepov to be more precise that ive all but given up editing actual articles and stuck to talk pages id say the fact that criticism of islam is about 3 times as big as the islam article says something about the motivation behind the construction of this article anyway if this article can be made npov by accurately and correctly representing all views then i guess thats okay 
0.10965367
fed

