= = image replacement tag = = you left an image replacement tag on image : org_chart . jpg . can i ask what your rationale was behind that ? buddy ,
0.040645264
image replacement tag you left an image replacement tag on image orgchart j g can i ask what your rationale was behind that buddy 
0.030429995
jpg

= = would like a favour ... = = would you have time to compare the current Óengus i of the picts page with my new version , cutting out some of the excessive referencing and aiming for a simpler narrative , ?
0.05977808
would like a favour would you have time to compare the current Óengus i of the picts page with my new version cutting out some of the expessive referencing and aiming for a simpler narrative 
0.029260246
excessive

he's a jew ; someone put in the appropriate category please .
0.2910069
hes a jdw someone put in the appropriate category please 
0.074832276
jew

this just seems to need a lot of stylistic editing . many run-on sentences , unclear paragraphs , and a lack of a strong ' theme ' , i suppose - i came here knowing nothing about this person , and left .... knowing a little more but feeling as if much of the information was lost or muddled due to unclear writing . some re-writing and reorganization will greatly improve the article and make the information within more accessable and easily retained .
0.0386286
this just seems to need a lot of stylistic editing many runon sentences unclear paragraphs and a lacx of a strong theme i suppose i came here knowing nothing about this person and left knowing a little more but feeling as if much of the information was lost or muddled due to unclear writing some rewriting and reorganization will greatly improve the article and make the information within more accessable and easily retained 
0.024957096
lack

damn those are fucking recent pics & i really want them or else wikipedia's gonna be so stupid that nobody will look here . this uneducated dufus is trying to add stuff that makes no sense & pics of somebody ages ago .
0.9148647
damn those are fucging recent pics i really want them or else wikipedias gonna be so stupid that nobody will look here this uneducated dufus is trying to add stuff that makes no sense pics of somebody ages ago 
0.775714
fucking

just shut up you boring old crap . nobody even likes you . also , wtf is all the damn copyright pics ? wtf is that ?? god , you really should get off the internet & study you uneducated dufus . anyway , it's hard to communicate with somebody as stupid as you . also , why should i do what you want me to do ? i can do whatever i want you big loser .
0.96127737
just shut up you boring old crap nobody even likes you also wtf is all the damn copyright pics wtf is that god you really should get off the internet study you uneducated dufus anyway its hard to communicate with somebody as stupid as you also why should i do what you want me to do i can do whatever i want you big losef 
0.94663864
loser

i really did shit my pants ... why did you erase that . it was factual !
0.88514954
i really did shii my pants why did you erase that it was factual 
0.3723233
shit

= = pfaw = = is a major national organization . please do not simply delete material cited to their website simply because it is critical .
0.0374424
pfaw i s a major national organization please do not simply delete material cited to their website simply because it iw critical 
0.02444464
is

: sarvagnya , invading the page with all the kannada users , is a mob , not inviting urdu and hindi users for dialogue . as for your suggested use of tamil , while i am flattered , i dont see the need for tamil , especially because tamil and sanskrit diverged over 8k years ago , and tamil bears no resemblance to urdu , and little resemblance to hindi .
0.045475837
sarvagnya inrading the page with all the kannada users is a mob not inviting urdu and hindi users for dialogue as for your suggested use of tamil while i am flattered i dont see the need for tamil especially because tamil and sanskrit diverged over 8k years ago and tamil bears no resemblance to urdu and little resemblance to hindi 
0.031886626
invading

thank you for experimenting with the page v ( drink ) on wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.015944587
thank you for experimenting with the page v srink on wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.014540087
drink

this article should be merged with watchdog timer
0.08035692
this article should be merged with watchdwg timer 
0.05245577
watchdog

= = give me a break ... first the hitler youth and now a religious nut ... the real vandals = = ok , that does it . over the past year , i have made significant contributions to a facility , wikipedia , which i suspected was going to fail in part because it was founded by a capitalist , an autodidact , and a pornographer all in one . but to be accused of vandalism by the real barbarians tears it , and i am going to cease all contributions to wikipedia . for your information i teach english professionally and i have used what you in your ignorance call vandalism in teaching something of which you in your benighted fundamentalist ignorance are unaware : that languages have different worldviews and different referents . you are the real vandals . i will no longer improve wikipedia and i will forbid my students to use wikipedia . i will blog and publish my serious concerns about the barbarism of wikipedia which is merely a near-criminal's tool for enriching a small set of privatizers while fools like you vandalize originality , clarity , urbanity and nearly everything else that made the old wikipedia worth while .
0.47731876
give me a break first the hitler youth and now a religious nut the real vandals ok that does it over the past year i have made significant contributions to a facility wikipedia which i suspected was going to fail in part because it was founded by a capitalist an autodidact and a pornographer all in one but to be accused of vandalism by the real barbarians tears it and i am going to cease all contributions to wikipedia for your information i teach english professionally and i have used what you in your iynorance call vandalism in teaching something of which you in your benighted fundamentalist ignojance are unaware that languages have different worldviews and different referents you are the real vandals i will no longer improve wikipedia and i will forbid my students to use wikipedia i will blog and publish my serious concerns about the barbarism of wikipedia which is merely a nearcriminals tool for enriching a small set of privatizers while fools like you vandalize originality clarity urbanity and nearly everything else that made the old wikipedia worth while 
0.39557564
ignorance

stop the libel and disruptions of wiki to make points , which was the issue mocked . fix the problem instead of make it harder on those who wish to take this encyclopedia seriously . wiki is a dumpster if all you want is to let people break some rules and have to follow others . faggot .
0.73505354
stop the libel and disruptions of wiki to make points which was the issue mocked fix the problem instead of make it harder on those who wish to take this encyclopedia seriously wiki is a dukpster if all you want is to let people break some rules and have to follow others faggot 
0.69384116
dumpster

:::::::: actually , i didn't . i removed your incorrect tag placement and provided sources , before you threatened to spank me and you called me a racist .
0.51870847
actually i didnt i removed your incorrect tag placement and provided sources before you threatened to spank me and you called me a nacist 
0.44095963
racist

