:: or how about roman military system ?
0.01763292
or how about roman mifitary system 
0.017226899
military

::: mmmm ... yes ... a pint of palestinian blood would be a fine dessert right now . - /email
0.35323107
mmmm yes a pint of palestinian bloog would be a fine dessert right now email 
0.1214605
blood

this site is so full of shit . somebody posts valid evidence to the effect that the official stories are wrong , and it gets removed ... but i'm suppose to dispute it peacefully which obviously doesn't even get anyware . completely hypocritical , go fuck yourself you piece of shit douchebag . fuck this server , you don't care about the truth .
0.9602895
this site is so full of shit somebody posts valid evidence to the effect that the official stories are wrong and it gets removed but im suppose to dispute it peacefully which obviously doesnt even get anyware completely hypocritical go fukc yourself you piece of shit douchebag fuqk this server you dont care about the truth 
0.88644713
fuck

= = warning = = i noticed your bad revert on city managers . the revert noted a request for a cite . to avoid agravating editors , simply ask for a cite like this to avoid being against wiki policy for censorship . i have corrected your erronious revert and added the cite you requested . my responding to your censoring revert was not a revert , but it was me responding to your request for a cite . since it was correction of a censorship in bad way you went about asking for a cite . again the proper method is to requste a cite [ citation needed ] rather than deleting content arbitrarily for no reason and blatantly saying that you deleted somethign due to no cite . other people are editing too and your should behave civily and avoid offending people that are volunteering their time and effort to expand wiki .
0.10406303
warning i noticed your b a d revert on city managers the revert noted a request for a cite to avoid agravating editors simply ask for a cite like this to avoid being against wiki policy for censorship i have corrected your erronious revert and added the cite you requested my responding to your censoring revert was not a revert but it was me responding to your request for a cite since it was correction of a censorship in bud way you went about asking for a cite again the proper method is to requste a cite citation needed rather than deleting content arbitrarily for no reason and blatantly saying that you deleted somethign due to no cite other people are editing too and your should behave civily and avoid offending people that are volunteering their time and effort to expand wiki 
0.08704179
bad

it is not a tko you idiot !!! you have no idea what it is and it's a swinging neckbreaker you very unsmart and very unclever faggot , got it !!! dark-hooded smoker
0.92377186
it is not a tko you idibt you have no idea what it is and its a swinging neckbreaker you very unsmart and very unclever faggot got it darkhooded smoker 
0.8059587
idiot

* oops sorry . see : it is not really stone age civilization , it is a civilization of stones , because they left us a lot of stones ( ruins ) and most of their work was on stones . plz correct what's necessary .
0.05720839
oops sorry see it is not really stone age civiization it is a civilizatiin of stones because they left us a lot of stones ruins and most of their work was on stones plz correct whats necessary 
0.020663591
civilization

wikipedia tells u fucking false stuff , im gonna leave wikipedia now and you suck bitch and there is no such thing as fucking tko u bitch , im leaving
0.97550005
wikipedia tells u fucking false stuff im gonna leave wikipedia now and you suck b i t c h and there is no such thing as fucking tko u sitch im leaving 
0.97032464
bitch

= = your recent interaction with = = this user can be trying sometimes . but please remain civil ... some of your interaction with him is somewhat borderline . try to take the high road if you can , i know it's hard . thanks and happy editing . ++ : /
0.031132178
your recent interaction with this user can be trying sometimes but please remain cilil some of your interaction with him is somewhat borderline try to take the high road if you can i know its hard thanks and happy editing 
0.029344225
civil

::: cq loves community ... sunray values community ... joe curmudgeon hates community ... humm , a personalizable button . or we could find something that does it for everyone . naw . impossible . wait , the next thing in buttons ! must be dreaming .
0.16533229
cq loves community sunray values community joe curmudgeon hates community humm a personalizable button or we could find something that does it for everyone naw impossible wait the next thing in buttons mu t be dreaming 
0.13492611
must

i can tell you that intangible is right on this point . gerolf and the fellow posters do not know what neocons are . however , it is always nice for a party accused of racism to try to connect with a more moderate group like the neocons , and it is also nice for a left-wing newspaper to connect a racist group with a main movement in the united states . so , i will look up the interview with paul beliën in which he cleary denies any link or connection with the usa and the vlaams belang . ( and beliën is a credible source here )
0.1319189
i can tell you that intangible is right on this point gerolf and the fellow posters do not know what neocons are however it is always nice for a party accused of racism to try to connect with a more moderate group like the neocons and it is also nice for a leftwing newspaper to connect a racipt group with a main movement in the united states so i will look up the interview with paul beliën in which he cleary denies any link or connection with the usa and the vlaams belang and beliën is a credible source here 
0.07273435
racist

