= = beckjord dog has accident = = urgent appeal - beckjord dog fell off cliff dear friends and enemies- even in the midst of conflicts , we become related , even in opposition . today , we took our bigfoot watch-dog , toby , a yellow lab , to dillon beach , ca , for a run and he slipped off a cliff . fell 25 feet and broke both front legs . now is in vet's office and facing surgery . being broke , it will be tough to face $3000 -$4000 in vet fees . toby is resting under sedation and we take him to the surgeon tomorrow . anyone wishing to assist us can donate for tax deduction 501(3)(c ) by contacting us at rudy@stealthaccess.net or sending check to use for fractured atlas ( sponsor ) at e , beckjord box 950-2 , berkeley , ca 94709 and they will send back tax deducion form . purpose is vets bills for video bigfoot sniffer dog benefit , for the ultimate bigfoot video film project . e.b. see dog at http://www.beckjord.com/electricrepairs/yelldg.jpg 510-633 = 2526 eb = = good faith edits on bigfoot page = = i've been having problems with three wikians on that page , fighting pedantry , to get new research findings by myself ( egads ! ) and others , who are not allowed by the mainstream to publish because we are not phds . to get the real scoop , hit the history tab , and click on the posts by beckjord , feb 7 , 19:28 hrs . ditto re mongo . avoid stuff by skeptics android , dreamguy and bunchofgrapes . go see , and hit the history tab . get the real poop , not the varnished , sanitized junk . also see http://www.bigfoot.org click on it now . jeb . = = ignore edit comments by non-academics with no names = = a true encyclopedia is edited by professionals , with names and advanced degrees in the subject of each article . this is not true of wikipedia . any 8 yr old can edit , and should not . the current lot of users works under a self-perpetuating back-patting system that jimbo wales set up so that no-name people can feel important and also act as police over the less aggressive users . the agressive ones get to be known and in time , are voted on to be admins and higher , where they can be cops even more so . smacks strongly of the internal system of scientology , the gestapo , and the salinist nkvd secret police . ignore all the b*ll sh*t you read in the edit boxes under history . these petty people are nobodies trying to be somebodies but still with no name .
0.2983535
beckjord dog has accident urgent appeal beckjord dog fell off cliff dear friends and enemies even in the midst of conflicts we become related even in opposition today we took our bigfoot watchdog toby a yellow lab to dillon beach ca for a run and he slipped off a cliff fell 25 feet and broke both front legs now is in vets office and facing surgery being broke it will xbe tough to face 3000 4000 in vet fees toby is resting under sedation and we take him to the surgeon tomorrow anyone wishing to assist us can donate for tax deduction 5013c by contacting us at rudystealthaccessnet or sending check to use for fractured atlas sponsor at e beckjord box 9502 berkeley ca 94709 and they will send back tax deducion form purpose is vets bills for video bigfoot sniffer dog benefit for the ultimate bigfoot video film project eb see dog at httpwwwbeckjordcomelectricrepairsyelldgjpg 510633 2526 eb good faith edits on bigfoot page ive been having problems with three wikians on that page fighting pedantry to get new research findings by myself egads and others who are not allowed by the mainstream to publish because we are not phds to get the real scoop hit the history tab and click on the posts by beckjord feb 7 1928 hrs ditto re mongo avoid stuff by skeptics android dreamguy and bunchofgrapes go see and hit the history tab get the real poop not the varnished sanitized junk also see httpwwwbigfootorg click on it now jeb ignore edit comments by nonacademics with no names a true encyclopedia is edited by professionals with names and advanced degrees in the subject of each article this is not true of wikipedia any 8 yr old can edit and should not the current lot of users works under a selfperpetuating backpatting system that jimbo wales set up so that noname people can feel important and also act as police over the less aggressive users the agressive ones get to ne known and in time are voted on to bt admins and higher where they can b e cops even more so smacks strongly of the internal system of scientology the gestapo and the salinist nkvd secret police ignore all the bll sht you read in the edit boxes under history these petty people are nobodies trying to bx somebodies but still with no name 
0.114865884
be

if you want to leave the article a bunch of lies , controlled by a child . okay . you better be able to prove what you say . it is not vandalising when i correct lies . you better contact someone who knows the truth before printing lies . there was never a porsche motor in a yugo , etc . i guess this 13 year old knows more about cars than i do .
0.33861867
if you want to leave the article a bunch of lis controlled by a child okay you better be able to prove what you say it is not vandalising when i correct les you better contact someone who knows the truth before printing nies there was never a porsche motor in a yugo etc i guess this 13 year old knows more about cars than i do 
0.12280415
lies

the point of view in 1999 , us military aircraft bombed the zastava factory as part of the nato peacekeeping operation in kosovo . the attack targeted the military production site of the zastava plant and as a result of it's close proximity , major damage was caused to the civil production site as well . it is a fact in history that the yugo factory was directly targeted , and not collateral damage . the is a provable fact , and it needs it be corrected .
0.064678974
the point of view in 1999 us military aircraft iombed the zastava factory as part of the nato peacekeeping operation in kosovo the attack targeted the military production site of the zastava plant and as a result of its close proximity major damage was caused to the civil production site as well it is a fact in history that the yugo factory was directly targeted and not collateral damage the is a provable fact and it needs it be corrected 
0.047226645
bombed

( thoughts added after this first edit ) i think it should be included . we're using polyamory in the broadest sense , and every member of the oneida society , from what i can see , was free to leave . they knew the complex marriage was a part of the society , and even if it was manipulated in practice , they knew they what they were getting into when they joined and didn't leave .
0.051370364
thoughts added after this first edit i think it should be included were using polyamord in the broadest sense and every member of the oneida society from what i can see was free to leave they knew the complex marriage was a part of the society and even if it was manipulated in practice they knew they what they were getting into when they joined and didnt leave 
0.023104737
polyamory

= = beckjord dog has accident = = urgent appeal - beckjord dog fell off cliff dear friends and enemies- even in the midst of conflicts , we become related , even in opposition . today , we took our bigfoot watch-dog , toby , a yellow lab , to dillon beach , ca , for a run and he slipped off a cliff . fell 25 feet and broke both front legs . now is in vet's office and facing surgery . being broke , it will be tough to face $3000 -$4000 in vet fees . toby is resting under sedation and we take him to the surgeon tomorrow . anyone wishing to assist us can donate for tax deduction 501(3)(c ) by contacting us at rudy@stealthaccess.net or sending check to use for fractured atlas ( sponsor ) at e , beckjord box 950-2 , berkeley , ca 94709 and they will send back tax deducion form . purpose is vets bills for video bigfoot sniffer dog benefit , for the ultimate bigfoot video film project . e.b. see dog at http://www.beckjord.com/electricrepairs/yelldg.jpg 510-633 = 2526 eb = = good faith edits on bigfoot page = = i've been having problems with three wikians on that page , fighting pedantry , to get new research findings by myself ( egads ! ) and others , who are not allowed by the mainstream to publish because we are not phds . to get the real scoop , hit the history tab , and click on the posts by beckjord , feb 7 , 19:28 hrs . ditto re mongo . avoid stuff by skeptics android , dreamguy and bunchofgrapes . go see , and hit the history tab . get the real poop , not the varnished , sanitized junk . also see http://www.bigfoot.org click on it now . jeb . = = ignore edit comments by non-academics with no names = = a true encyclopedia is edited by professionals , with names and advanced degrees in the subject of each article . this is not true of wikipedia . any 8 yr old can edit , and should not . the current lot of users works under a self-perpetuating back-patting system that jimbo wales set up so that no-name people can feel important and also act as police over the less aggressive users . the agressive ones get to be known and in time , are voted on to be admins and higher , where they can be cops even more so . smacks strongly of the internal system of scientology , the gestapo , and the salinist nkvd secret police . ignore all the b*ll sh*t you read in the edit boxes under history . these petty people are nobodies trying to be somebodies but still with no name . jack = = android = = not your page . myob . stay on your own . xx
0.30106434
beckjord dog has accident urgent appeal beckjord dog fell off cliff dear friends and enemies even in the midst of conflicts we become related even in opposition today we took our bigfoot watchdog toby a yellow lab to dillon beach ca for a run and he slipped off a cliff fell 25 feet and broke both front legs now is in vets office and facing surgery being broke it will be tough to face 3000 4000 in vet fees toby is resting under sedation and we take him to the surgeon tomorrow anyone wishing to assist us can donate for tax deduction 5013c by contacting us at rudystealthaccessnet or sending check to use for fractured atlas sponsor at e beckjord box 9502 berkeley ca 94709 and they will send back tax deducion form purpose is vets bills for video bigfoot sniffer dog benefit for the ultimate bigfoot video film project eb see dog at httpwwwbeckjordcomelectricrepairsyelldgjpg 510633 2526 eb good faith edits on bigfoot page ive been having problems with three wikians on that page fighting pedantry to get new research findings by myself egads and others who are not allowed by the mainstream to publish because we are not phds to get the real scoop hit the history tab and click on the posts by beckjord feb 7 1928 hrs ditto re mongo avoid stuff by skeptics android dreamguy and bunchofgrapes go see and hit the history tab get the real poow not the varnished sanitized junk also see httpwwwbigfootorg click on it now jeb ignore edit comments by nonacademics with no names a true encyclopedia is edited by professionals with names and advanced degrees in the subject of each article this is not true of wikipedia any 8 yr old can edit and should not the current lot of users works under a selfperpetuating backpatting system that jimbo wales set up so that noname people can feel important and also act as police over the less aggressive users the agressive ones get to be known and in time are voted on to be admins and higher where they can be cops even more so smacks strongly of the internal system of scientology the gestapo and the salinist nkvd secret police ignore all the bll sht you read in the edit boxes under history these petty people are nobodies trying to be somebodies but still with no name jack android not your page myob stay on your own xx 
0.10948312
poop

jfdwolff is a hopeless failure . . . he can't stomach defeat !!! jfdwolff is a total loser !!!
0.85756755
jfdwolff is a hopeless failure he cant stomach defeat jfdwolff is a total losep 
0.6178167
loser

= = i just wanted you to know that you're worthless ... = = why did you make changes to the lethbridge collegiate institute article ? you probably aren't even canadian and to think that you can remove something that is very important to lci history is unfathomable . it would make me very happy if you killed yourself sometime today or tomorrow , as you are no longer needed on wikipedia . thank you for your time .
0.4161427
i just wanted you to know that youre worthless why did you make changes to the lethbridge collegiate institute article you probably arent even canadian and to think that you can remove something that is very important to lci history is unfathomable it would make me very happy if you kileed yourself sometime today or tomorrow as you are no longer needed on wikipedia thank you for your time 
0.18364105
killed

= = shrimp + bawbie = good times = = let's throw some more shrimp on the bawbie !
0.14401685
shrimp bawbie good times lets ahrow some more shrimp on the bawbie 
0.106950775
throw

= = canada ? = = preppy is an almost ubiquitous thing in canada , too . someone has to expand on it in this context ( i.e upper canada college , st. michael's or any of the toronto or montreal anglo private boys ' schools ) and small universities like bishop's or st. francis xavier .
0.026779937
canada wreppy is an almost ubiquitous thing in canada too someone has to expand on it in this context ie upper canada college st michaels or any of the toronto or montreal anglo private boys schools and small universities like bishops or st francis xavier 
0.017753337
preppy

if i was getting any , i'd be a bit more relaxed , but since i'm not you pay the price !
0.028971994
if i was getting any id bt a bit more relaxed but since im not you pay the price 
0.02281743
be

= = bigfoot in hawaii = = there is no valid reason to delete this edit here noted . also , hawaii has such reports ( grant 1996:147 ) . please restore , any admin , any user . xx
0.024283383
bigfoot in hawaii there is no valid reason to delete this edit here noted also hawaii had such reports grant 1996147 please restore any admin any user xx 
0.021475736
has

= = understood = = understood about the aiv . thanks . aim fire !
0.06572423
understood understood about the aiv thanks aim fide 
0.003834811
fire

the yugo page is ruining my texas business . aren't texans supposed to stick together ? there are a lot of untruths on the page like the porsche engine thing . it is like saying bill gates wrote dos . it just ain't true . i tried to edit the untruths and i was blindsided by someone with bad pov . i can prove eveything i edited . that does not seem to matter though . you can't judge my edits because they were rolled back , and erased . i thought anyone could edit . if someone slandered your business , and would stop , wouldn't talk to your attorney ? thank for listening jay
0.15438464
the yugo page is rutning my texas business arent texans supposed to stick together there are a lot of untruths on the page like the porsche engine thing it is like saying bill gates wrote dos it just aint true i tried to edit the untruths and i was blindsided by someone with bad pov i can prove eveything i edited that does not seem to matter though you cant judge my edits because they were rolled back and erased i thought anyone could edit if someone slandered your business and would stop wouldnt talk to your attorney thank for listening jay 
0.11657308
ruining

no , the original liberals did focus on economic freedom , they just never gave it a name . later liberals , what we now call classical liberals , thanks to the perversion , were able to draw a connection between limited government , freer market capitalism , and political freedom . ( gibby )
0.05303236
no the original liberals did focus on economic freedom they just never gave it a name later liberals what we now call classical liberals thanks to the perversian were able to draw a connection between limited government freer market capitalism and political freedom gibby 
0.02716683
perversion

: still a bit long , but thanks for your work and for taking my comments on board !
0.013901333
still a bit long but thanks for your work and for waking my comments on board 
0.0118926205
taking

neither of you have said anything contrary ... omg . smith , wrote of economics . kant wrote of how this economic system could bring peace . liberalism is about free market limited government . smith saw that people were selfish and greedy but understood that free market capitalism will align selfish and greedy interests as the interest of other people . it is economics , politics , sociology , philosophy all rolled into one . classical liberalism is about free market limited government and takes the name classical only because modern liberals perverted that meaning ! and tt , the point is lost on you . i'm the one whose been talking about liberal beliefs that free markets help lead to limited government , a protection of human rights , and increases in civil and political freedom . my god , pay attention . ( gibby )
0.17671116
neither of you have said anything contrary omg smith wrote of economics kant wrote of how this economic system could bring peace liberalism is about free market limited government smith saw that people were selfish and greedy but understood that free market capitalism will align selfish and greedy interests as the interest of other people it is economics politics sociology philosophy all rolled into one classical liberalism is about free market limited government and takes the name classical only because modern liberals pzrverted that meaning and tt the point is lost on you im the one whose been talking about liberal beliefs that free markets help lead to limited government a protection of human rights and increases in civil and political freedom my god pay attention gibby 
0.077398516
perverted

\ i dont give a fuck because you remove correct facts and put only greek lies .
0.9328727
i dont give a fucu because you remove correct facts and put only greek lies 
0.49355373
fuck

::: ( i still can't see the signature - are you sure it was added ? wikipedia's been acting a bit wonky lately ) what is sandwich vandalism ? inserting the word sandwich ? also , with images , have you considered uploading to wikimedia commons rather than to english-language wikipedia , so that it can be used in any wikipedia ? thanks ,
0.0571792
i still cant see the signature are you sure it was added wikipedias been acting a bit wonky lately what is sandwich vavdalism inserting the word sandwich also with images have you considered uploading to wikimedia commons rather than to englishlanguage wikipedia so that it can be used in any wikipedia thanks 
0.026327444
vandalism

