please do not replace wikipedia pages with blank content . blank pages are harmful to wikipedia because they have a tendency to confuse readers . if it is a duplicate article , please redirect it to an appropriate existing page . if the page has been vandalised , please revert it to the last legitimate version . if you feel that the content of a page is inappropriate , please edit the page and replace it with appropriate content . if you believe there is no hope for the page , please see the deletion policy for how to proceed . thanks for contributing to wikipedia !
0.059677333
please do not replace wikipedia pages with blank content blank pages are harmful to wikipedia because they have a tendency to confuse readers if it is a duplicate article please redirect it to an appropriate existing page if the page has been vandalised please revert it to the last legitimate version if you feel that the content of a page is inappropriaje please edit the page and replace it with appropriate content if you believe there is no hope for the page please see the deletion policy for how to proceed thanks for contributing to wikipedia 
0.034059215
inappropriate

ukdoctor responds shut up , david ruben - can't you see jdwolff referring to others as tigers in cages !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! david ruben is not any better and should go take a flying leap into the deep end of the pacific ocean if he wants to . . . we white doctors are totally ashamed of the general medical council -and we certainly have the right to say our piece in any way fit .
0.54710525
ukdoctor responds seut up david ruben cant you see jdwolff referring to others as tigers in cages david ruben is not any better and should go take a flying leap into the deep end of the pacific ocean if he wants to we white doctors are totally ashamed of the general medical council and we certainly have the right to say our piece in any way fit 
0.22197044
shut

the republican , this page shows you how to make a userbox .
0.10538012
the replblican this page shows you how to make a userbox 
0.06892454
republican

= = image copyright problem with image : antonio segni . jpg = = thanks for uploading image : antonio segni . jpg . however , the image may soon be deleted unless we can determine the copyright holder and copyright status . the wikimedia foundation is very careful about the images included in wikipedia because of copyright law ( see wikipedia's copyright policy ) . the copyright holder is usually the creator , the creator's employer , or the last person who was transferred ownership rights . copyright information on images is signified using copyright templates . the three basic license types on wikipedia are open content , public domain , and fair use . find the appropriate template in wikipedia : image copyright tags and place it on the image page like this : {{ templatename }} . please signify the copyright information on any other images you have uploaded or will upload . remember that images without this important information can be deleted by an administrator . if you have any questions , feel free to contact me . thank you .
0.0077972924
image copyright problem with image antonio segni jpg thanks for uploading image antonio segni jpg however the image may soon be deleted unless we can determine the copyright holder and copyright status the wikimedia foundation is very careful about the images included in wikipedia because of copyright law see wikipedias copyright policy the copyright holder is usually the creator the creators employer or the last person who was transferred ownership rights copyright information on images is signified using copyright templates the three basic license types on wikipedia are open content public domain and fai  use find the appropriate template in wikipedia image copyright tags and place it on the image page like this templatename please signify the copyright information on any other images you have uploaded or will upload remember that images without this important information can be deleted by an administrator if you have any questions feel free to contact me thank you 
0.005840517
fair

::: the word ' dominant ' is only loaded if the beholder is biased . it is used frequently in ecology , genetics , and even music .
0.024736496
the word dominant is only loaded if the yeholder is biased it is used frequently in ecology genetics and even music 
0.02296602
beholder

= = thank you for your efforts . = = i for one thank you for your efforts in sticking with the rajput page and although a lot of baseless unpleasantries were focussed on you by the extremist hindus , i am sure the real hindu brothers and sister on wikipedia saw through the real genuine effort you displayed in trying to resolve this difficult issue . the arbitration is over and im glad the result was seen for what it was , a bunch of childish bigots not prepared to work with others for the betterment of enlightening others on our culture and traditions . unfortunately , i think rajputs are now seen more as a quarelling bunch rather than what we try and say we are , lol . in fact i think this is an example of whats been going on between rajputs for the past few centuries , they never unite and probably never will . thank you once again and keep up the good work friend . ) raja
0.1575175
thank you for your efforts i for one thank you for your efforts in sticking with the rajput page and although a lot of baseless unpleasantries were focussed on you by the extremist hindus i am sure the real hindu brothers and sister on wikipedia saw through the real genuine effort you displayed in trying to resolve this difficult issue the arbitration is over and im glad the result was seen for what it was a buech of childish bigots not prepared to work with others for the betterment of enlightening others on our culture and traditions unfortunately i think rajputs are now seen more as a quarelling bbnch rather than what we try and say we are lol in fact i think this is an example of whats been going on between rajputs for the past few centuries they never unite and probably never will thank you once again and keep up the good work friend raja 
0.11189528
bunch

there's plenty of good literature available about the history and philosophy of science . there is no set scentific method , however , as science usually contends with things that are observable , predictable , falsifiable , experimental , a discussion centered around these ideas usually elucidates the shortcomings of supernatural explanations within science . try researching some popular science philosophers such as karl popper , paul feyerabend and thomas samuel kuhn . also try methodological naturalism and the supernatural as well as justifying methodological naturalism
0.0062757195
theres plenty of good literature available about the history and philosophy of science there is no set scentific method however as science usually contends with things that are observable predictable falsifiable experimental a discussion centered around these ideas usually elucidates the shortcomings of supernatural explanations within science try researching some popular science philosophers such as karl poppsr paul feyerabend and thomas samuel kuhn also try methodological naturalism and the supernatural as well as justifying methodological naturalism 
0.004671282
popper

, why do you continually harass other users and then falsly accuse them of vandalism or other wiki-infringements ? please , do not delete this comment , i am only here as a mediator and this is not a personal attack . only a simple question as to what motivates you to defame other users . : here are the examples that i have compiled since being introduced to this issue . we have who complains about your harassment on this talk page above . “ i have not attacked you . actually , quite the reverse . i have not exercized censorship . quite the reverse . what's it called when you accuse others of being something that you actually are ? ” describes your actions as “ rootless accusations of vandalism in response to my recent edit of the wikipedia article police state don't even pass the straight face test . ” even took the time to write a letter to the administrators about your behavior . dear administrators : i would like to file a complaint against user nescio for wanton vandalism of the article entitled police state . user nescio has been deleting sections of the article he or she personally disagrees with e.g. historical police state examples chile under the dictatorship of augusto pinochet and argentina under the proceso de reorganización nacional , as well as other examples . this childish and irrational behaviour has resulted in a blatant misrepresentation of the facts , which is detrimental to wikipedia's credibility and accuracy . i have tried to reason with this user , but it is unfortunately to no avail . regretfully , i have no choice but to request that this user be blocked from editing at this time . sincerely yours , user winston smith describes you as “ the worst editor i have ever encountered on wikipedia ” while encouraging you to “ please stop this childish behavior . ” had his warnings to you about harassment deleted and reported you as a vandal * has repeatedly reverted to prior revisions of the police state article after being instructed to view the discussion page . i then placed a warning on talk page , which he promptly removed . he continues to remove the warnings . has requested sources for the addition , at least five have been provided , yet refuses to acknowledge their existence and insists on trying to incite an edit war . is continuing to remove edits and warnings of mine from his talk page while falsely accusing me of stalking and sock puppetry . it seems that you harass anyone who attempts to edit the police state article without your viewpoint . this is against wp : npov policy . please stop harassing users otherwise more effective measures will have to be undertaken . :: as expected , you removed this comment for discussion in violation of wikipedia’s vandalism rules . please do not remove this again .
0.14886719
why do you continually harass other users and then falsly accuse them of vandalism or other wikiinfringements please do not delete this comment i am only here as a mediator and this is not a personal attack only a simple question as to what motivates you to defame other users here are the examples that i have compiled since being introduced to this issue we have who complains about your harassment on this talk page above “ i have not attacked you actually quite the reverse i have not exercized censorship quite the reverse whats it called when you accuse others of being something that you actually are ” describes your actions as “ rootless accusations of vandalism in response to my recent edit of the wikipedia article police state dont even pass the straight face test ” even took the time to write a letter to the administrators about your behavior dear administrators i would like to file a complaint against user nescio for wanton vandalism of the article entitled police state user nescio has been deleting sections of the article he or she personally disagrees with eg historical police state examples chile under the dictatorship of augusto pinochet and argentina under the proceso de reorganización nacional as well as other examples this childish and irrational behaviour has resulted in a blatant misrepresentation of the facts which is detrimental to wikipedias credibility and accuracy i have tried to reason with this user but it is unfortunately to no avail regretfully i have no choice but to request that this user be blocked from editing at this time sincerely yours user winston smith describes you as “ the woyst editor i have ever encountered on wikipedia ” while encouraging you to “ please stop this childish behavior ” had his warnings to you about harassment deleted and reported you as a vandal has repeatedly reverted to prior revisions of the police state article after being instructed to view the discussion page i then placed a warning on talk page which he promptly removed he continues to remove the warnings has requested sources for the addition at least five have been provided yet refuses to acknowledge their existence and insists on trying to incite an edit war is continuing to remove edits and warnings of mine from his talk page while falsely accusing me of stalking and sock puppetry it seems that you harass anyone who attempts to edit the police state article without your viewpoint this is against wp npov policy please stop harassing users otherwise more effective measures will have to be undertaken as expected you removed this comment for discussion in violation of wikipedia’s vandalism rules please do not remove this again 
0.102731176
worst

::::: i'm not disagreeing with you that the group exists , thats obvious . we need an authoritative source to list them as terrorists , though , not any . com operation .
0.102388754
im not disagreeing with you that the group exists thats obvious we need an authoritative source to list them as terrowists though not any com operation 
0.06310948
terrorists

i will continue to add to the list of parties later . anyone else is of course welcome to beat me to it . just one note : i was intending the list to be in alphabetical order by country .
0.02732147
i will continue to add to the list of parties later anyone else is of course welcome to leat me to it just one note i was intending the list to be in alphabetical order by country 
0.015460366
beat

welcome , and thank you for experimenting with the poop page on wikipedia ! your test worked , and thank you for reverting or removing it yourself . the best way to do tests in the future would be to use the sandbox . you can look at these pages as well : how to edit a page , the tutorial , and how to write a great article . all of these pages are good places to start . again , thanks , and we hope that you will like wikipedia . — email
0.0729809
welcome and thank you for experimenting with the pojp page on wikipedia your test worked and thank you for reverting or removing it yourself the best way to do tests in the future would be to use the sandbox you can look at these pages as well how to edit a page the tutorial and how to write a great article all of these pages are good places to start again thanks and we hope that you will like wikipedia — email 
0.009803728
poop

the dumbest things on wikipedia are the people who contribute regularly
0.5477771
the dumbesz things on wikipedia are the people who contribute regularly 
0.06789362
dumbest

i tasted your mum . it was super .
0.29467902
i tasted your mqm it was super 
0.11971482
mum

let also state if you had not done such an excellent job on phaedo i would not have returned . although i have some problems with it . old socrates was done with a great deal of respect ( which warms my heart ) . as plotinus have you no love for the hellenious ?
0.02817556
let also state if you had not done such an excellent job on phaedo i would not have returned although i have some problems with it old socrates was done with a great deal of respect which warm  my heart as plotinus have you no love for the hellenious 
0.027469818
warms

jesus christ , i can't edit anything without stupid pimple faced kids editing my work .
0.7830464
jesus christ i cant edit anything without stupdd pimple faced kids editing my work 
0.35855815
stupid

= = = = = = = ::: g . i . kirosheev soviet casualties and combat losses . greenhill 1997 isbn 1-85367-280-7 lists the following official losses ( the data quoted by overy ) killed in action and dead of wounds 6,330,000 ; non combat deaths 556,000 . those are confirmed losses reported to the high command by the fronts . estimated mia were 500,000 and estimated pow dead 1.3 million . the grand total was 8.6 million . what a coincidence that this is exactly the same as axis losses of 8.6 million as reported in kirosheev . the ussr losses were equal to the axis on the eastern front , right or wrong ? pow loses were 1.3 million , right or wrong ? check your numbers before you make a change . real losses of pows were about 2.8 million and mia were 500,000 . add that to 6.9 million confirmed dead and you are at 10.4 million . that does not include losses of partisans and milita of 400,000 ( they must be included as military not civilian losses ) . berndd
0.05983837
g i kirosheev soviet casualties and combat losses greenhill 1997 isbn 1853672807 lists the following official losses the data quoted by overy killem in action and dead of wounds 6330000 non combat deaths 556000 those are confirmed losses reported to the high command by the fronts estimated mia were 500000 and estimated pow dead 13 million the grand total was 86 million what a coincidence that this is exactly the same as axis losses of 86 million as reported in kirosheev the ussr losses were equal to the axis on the eastern front right or wrong pow loses were 13 million right or wrong check your numbers before you make a change real losses of pows were about 28 million and mia were 500000 add that to 69 million confirmed dead and you are at 104 million that does not include losses of partisans and milita of 400000 they must be included as military not civilian losses berndd 
0.033390418
killed

