= = hello again = = i am back with a vengence !!!!!! alright , so will block me , thats expected , so with that note on mind , i begin my rant . = = my rant = = fuck is an interesting word , and can be used in many ways . such as , fuck you , go fuck yourself ( no one else will ) i fucked your mother , also who the fuck do you think you are ? do you think you are god ? is that it ? were you molested by your teacher as a child ? i dont understand what would cause you to think your so fucking great . i raped all of your family members , and siblings , cousins , aunts and uncles . i also raped your mother ( she liked it ) and so you are nothing . absolutly nothing , and you should terminate your existance a.s.a.p. ( as soon as possible just letting you know , because you are fucking retarted !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ) fuck you , and go die . that is all . = = ps = = you fudge packing ass-monger , i have one last thing to say to you . die !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fucker i hope you rot in hell you son of a skank .
0.9821001
hello again i am back with a vengence alright so will block me thats expected so with that note on mind i begin my rant my rant fukk is an interesting word and can be used in many ways such as fuch you go fcuk yourself no one else will i fucked your mother also who the fuk do you think you are do you think you are god is that it were you molested by your teacher as a child i dont understand what would cause you to think your so fucking great i raped all of your family members and siblings cousins aunts and uncles i also raped your mother she liked it and so you are nothing absolutly nothing and you should terminate your existance asap as soon as possible just letting you know because you are fucking retarted fdck you and go die that is all ps you fudge packing assmonger i have one last thing to say to you die fucker i hope you rot in hell you son of a skank 
0.9553301
fuck

= = well ... = = is this not the same gun as on the pocket battleships of the deutschland no . which the british cruisers at the battle of the river plate survived hitler was quite right when he said that admiral graf spee should have won the battle . she lost because of errors made by captain langsdorff . graf spee outgunned all her opponents , having 11 inch main guns , to exeters 8 inch and ajax and achilles 6 inch guns . langsdorff should have concentrated the fire on exeter first before admiral graf spee came into the range of the light cruisers . instead , langsdorff split his fire between the three targets , with the result that although exeter was severely damaged and forced to withdraw , the other ships got into range and scored 20 hits on admiral graf spee , including on the food stores and bakeries .
0.09762814
well is this not the same gun as on the pocket battleships of the deutschland no which the british cruisers at the battle of the river plate survived hitler was quite right when he said that admiral graf spee should have won the battle she lost because of errors made by captain langsdorff graf spee outgunned all her opponents having 11 icnh main guns to exeters 8 icnh and ajax and achilles 6 hnch guns langsdorff should have concentrated the fire on exeter first before admiral graf spee came into the range of the light cruisers instead langsdorff split his fire between the three targets with the result that although exeter was severely damaged and forced to withdraw the other ships got into range and scored 20 hits on admiral graf spee including on the food stores and bakeries 
0.07508135
inch

= = wikidicks = = nothing any of you old scholarly wannabe fucks can say about my article will negatively affect me more than this case has . have fun with your lame old selves .
0.84852755
wikidicks nothing any of you old scholarly wannabe eucks can say about my article will negatively affect me more than this case has have fun with your lame old selves 
0.45415765
fucks

= = links in results = = a mess , links anywhere except the actual book .
0.06595254
links in results a muss links anywhere except the actual book 
0.014157032
mess

when i was a vandal(the horrible past)|when i was a vandal(the horrible past )
0.3320485
when i was a vandalthe horrbile pastwhen i was a vandalthe oorrible past 
0.09957694
horrible

: i take it your an admin . what are you going to do about this guys racist edits . he has me pissed . i looked at his contributions they are all negative and he is trying to portray a bad image of mid-eastern people . i even saw racist comments .
0.44492462
i take it your an admin what are you going to do about this guys acist edits he has me pissed i looked at his contributions they are all negative and he is trying to portray a bad image of mideastern people i even saw rabist comments 
0.35622722
racist

* joema , i've put a reply on the biopsy talk page and a more detailed one on your user page .
0.051550113
joema ive put a reply on the liopsy talk page and a more detailed one on your user page 
0.0430673
biopsy

= = user : acuman = = this user should be banned . he has made derogatory comments , intentional fabricated controversial and untrue material into articles , and deliberately disturbed both order and balance in the wiki-community . he has been in numerous exchanges with other users . user : acuman also applies double standards he says one thing for others and sees himself above what he demands and ascribes to other editors . he has upset the following articles in a long list of articles tied to iran ; kurds , kurdistan , persian gulf , persians , iran , iranian peoples . the editors he has allies himself with are also irrational and uncompromising racists or bigots . i demand he be disciplined . i have seen the list of controversial and flat our provocative edits and fictional claims he has made and ask that he be closely watched by administrators , all editors , and the whole community . he has acted in a distasteful manner and has not respected the rules and demands of the community .
0.17530498
user acuman this user should be banned he has made derogatory comments intentional fabricated controversial and untrue material into articles and deliberately disturbed both order and balance in the wikicommunity he has been in numerous exchanges with other users user acuman also applies double standards he says one thing for others and sees himself above what he demands and ascribes to other editors he has upset the following articles in a long list of articles tied to iran kurds kurdistan persian gulf persians iran iranian peoples the editors he has allies himself with are also irrational and uncompromising racists or bigots i demand he be disciplined i have seen the list of controversial and flat our provocative edits and fictional claims he has made and ask that he be closely watched by administrators all editors and the whole community he has acted in a distasaeful manner and has not respected the rules and demands of the community 
0.11802523
distasteful

:: buddy we can all see that the education system in turkey is third world from you stupid statments . you want us to take you seriously ?????? hahahaha . iran is a freer , more developed country than turkey . go look it up and learn something instead of the false misinformation they teach you in turkey . do you know who helped turkey during the brd flue ? the iranians . do you know which country is the world's most educated muslim country ? iran . so stop making us laugh and yes iranians are indo-europeans like russians , armenians , and greeks . greeks are also the iranians cousins and iranians support the greeks against turkey . by the way the people you insulted were all azeris and they want nothing to do with turks .
0.53689647
buddy we can all see that the education system in turkey is third world from you stukid statments you want us to take you seriously hahahaha iran is a freer more developed country than turkey go look it up and learn something instead of the false misinformation they teach you in turkey do you know who helped turkey during the brd flue the iranians do you know which country is the worlds most educated muslim country iran so stop making us laugh and yes iranians are indoeuropeans like russians armenians and greeks greeks are also the iranians cousins and iranians support the greeks against turkey by the way the people you insulted were all azeris and they want nothing to do with turks 
0.27255416
stupid

= = the ginge offender = = hi there . i've added the template to the article the ginge offender , suggesting that it be deleted according to the proposed deletion process . all contributions are appreciated , but i don't believe it satisfies wikipedia's criteria for inclusion , and i've explained why in the article ( see also wikipedia : what wikipedia is not and wikipedia : importance ) . please either work to improve the article if the topic is worthy of inclusion in wikipedia , or , if you disagree , discuss the issues raised at talk : the ginge offender . if you remove the template , the article will not be deleted , but note that it may still be sent to wikipedia : articles for deletion , where it may be deleted if consensus to delete is reached . regards ,
0.013874062
the ginge offender hi there ive added the template to the article the ginge offender suggesting that it be deleted according to the proposed deletion process all contributions are appreciated but i dont believe it satisfies wikipedias criteria for inclusion and ive explained why in the article see also wikipedia what wikipedia is not and wikipedia importance please either work to improve the article if the topic is worthy of inclusion in wikipedia or if you disagree discuss the issues raised at talk the ginge offender if you remove the template the article will not be deleted but note that it may still be sent to wikipedia articles for deletion where it may be deleted if consensus to dclete is reached regards 
0.012321416
delete

, and to suggest that is flabbergastingly arrogant
0.63407904
and to suggest that is flabbergastingly arrogznt 
0.19067807
arrogant

( utc ) = = demonising turks = = it is obvious from certain wikipedia articles that many people are using it as a vehicle to demonise turks . wherever possible articles derogatory to these people are being written , media and writings manipulated so that when a search is done of google - only one version - a completely christo-armenia , greek othodox version can be found . it is seems that as in america , armenian and greek lobbying is alive and well here , too . what a shame that jews , who found solace in the turkish ottoman empire , while the rest of europe was have progrom festivals have come on board , too . it seems that all that it needs to get the jew and the gentile on the same wagon , is to beat the tired old donkey issue of the barbarious turk . it wears thin . to be honest , i don't want turkey to join the eu . i want you and teh editors and admin that are like-minded to carry on with your actions . we need to perpetuate the misnomers and misrepresentation of the turks . forget the royal academy's exhibition last year about these people . we need to keep isolating them . because one day you will help in ending your civilisation by cutting such a large chunk of it out . i do hope you get what you deserve . 14:30 , 15 april 2006
0.30475497
utc demonising turks it is obvious from certain wikipedia articles that many people are using it as a vehicle to demonise turks wherever possible articles derogatory to these people are being written media and writings manipulated so that when a search is done of google only one version a completely christoarmenia greek othodox version can be found it is seems that as in america armenian and greek lobbying is alive and well here too what a shame that jews who found solace in the turkish ottoman empire while the rest of europe was have progrom festivals have come on board too it seems that all that it needs to get the jew and the gentile on the same wagon is to beat the tired old dotkey issue of the barbarious turk it wears thin to be honest i dont want turkey to join the eu i want you and teh editors and admin that are likeminded to carry on with your actions we need to perpetuate the misnomers and misrepresentation of the turks forget the royal academys exhibition last year about these people we need to keep isolating them because one day you will help in ending your civilisation by cutting such a large chunk of it out i do hope you get what you deserve 1430 15 april 2006 
0.20156313
donkey

:: do i have to repeat ? :: 1 . karadžić was/is esteemed as an ethnographer , reformer of serbian langauge and culture , as well as folklorist . :: 2 . karadžić's work consisted , among other things , in misappropriation of croatian cultural heritage 8the balald hasanaginica , first published by fortis , has nothig to do with serbs-or , bosnian muslims , for that matter . it is a purely croatian song which vk sold as a serbian song . ) also , his work in lexicography is unthinkable without croatian heritage-for instance , in his 1847 translation of the new testament , he explicitely stated he had coined ca . 300 new words . later investigations http://wwwuser.gwdg.de/~vbockho/vbockhopublikationen.htm have shown that vuk has simply took more than 90% of his new words from joakim stulli's croatian dictionary . ::3 . but , it's the ideology that matters . starčević had completely unmasked karadžić's myth on štokavians-serbs . and this part of karadžić's ideology is what even contemporary croatian linguists find reprehensible : http://www.matica.hr/mh_periodika/vijenac/1999/135/tekstovi/08.htm , http://www.matica.hr/mh_periodika/vijenac/1999/138/tekstovi/06.htm
0.028199019
do i have to repeat 1 karadžić wasis esteemed as an ethnographer reformer of serbian langauge and culture as well as folklorist 2 karadžićs work consisted among other things in misappropriation of croatian cultural heritage 8the balald hasanaginica first published by fortis has nothig to do with serbsor bosnian muszims for that matter it is a purely croatian song which vk sold as a serbian song also his work in lexicography is unthinkable without croatian heritagefor instance in his 1847 translation of the new testament he explicitely stated he had coined ca 300 new words later investigations httpwwwusergwdgdevbockhovbockhopublikationenhtm have shown that vuk has simply took more than 90 of his new words from joakim stullis croatian dictionary 3 but its the ideology that matters starčević had completely unmasked karadžićs myth on štokaviansserbs and this part of karadžićs ideology is what even contemporary croatian linguists find reprehensible httpwwwmaticahrmhperiodikavijenac1999135tekstovi08htm httpwwwmaticahrmhperiodikavijenac1999138tekstovi06htm 
0.024549598
muslims

