now let me get back to eating pussy , which i love more than life itself
0.7249333
now let me get back to eating pussk which i love more than life itself 
0.12322074
pussy

true - i bet he does make it harder on himself by letting everyone know how young he is . i know i'm a lot less likely to listen to some little kid with braces and zits on his face . not that firefox does , necessarily , but that's image a lot of people are going to have .
0.15809226
true i bet he does make it harder on himself by letting everyone know how young he is i know im a lot less likely to listen to some little kid with braces and zgts on his face not that firefox does necessarily but thats image a lot of people are going to have 
0.06542141
zits

= = i can make you a new man too , in only 15 minutes a day ! = = tired of getting sand kicked in your face ? tired of being a 133 lbs . weakling ? send away for charles atlas ' dynamic-tension system !
0.16706605
i can make you a new man too in only 15 minutes a day tired of getting sand kickyd in your face tired of being a 133 lbs weakling send away for charles atlas dynamictension system 
0.11686314
kicked

: oh fuck you , you partisan asshole . you never step forward unless it's someone on the opposite side from you doing it . you sit there silently while people defending moore and bashing everything that's not a leftist view snark , sneer , and throw around off-topic bullshit and insults , and then as soon as someone who's not on your side responds in kind , suddenly it's warnings and quoting npa and all that crap . you're a pathetic , useless excuse for a moderator , and i spit in your worthless , virtual face . you can ban me if you like , but all it will do is prove the partisanship and hypocrisy of the wikipedia administration staff . dickhead . -
0.9236667
oh fucx you you partisan asshole you never step forward unless its someone on the opposite side from you doing it you sit there silently while people defending moore and bashing everything thats not a leftist view snark sneer and throw around offtopic bullshit and insults and then as soon as someone whos not on your side responds in kind suddenly its warnings and quoting npa and all that crap youre a pathetic useless excuse for a moderator and i spit in your worthless virtual face you can ban me if you like but all it will do is prove the partisanship and hypocrisy of the wikipedia administration staff dickhead 
0.9151618
fuck

one or more user's pages on wikipedia . you are welcome to return and contribute to wikipedia after the block expires . however if you vandalise again you may be subject to a longer block . xd - help us )
0.050854936
one or more users pages on wikipedia you are welcome to return and contribute to wikipedia after the block expires however if you vanpalise again you may be subject to a longer block xd help us 
0.03881613
vandalise

= = batman = = no worries about being heavy handed . you don't live on the ' net for this long and not get a thick skin ) i was pissier about it before my coffee , but i see the point . and it was really just a ' be bold!' attempt that flopped ( i am glad you understood i didn't mean it in bad faith at least , that matters more to me right now ) . i still think it should be it's own article , since i think the discussion stands on it's own legs , but i cheerfully agree to disagree . ( this from the chick who also thinks nightwing should be renamed ' dick grayson ' , and grumbles about that a lot ) . paper games - i had a road race card game as a young'un that seems vaguely similar . it's probably on the other side of the globe , though , along with most of my comics p
0.16997838
batman no worries about being heavy handed you dont live on the net for this long and not get a thick skin i was pissier about it before my coffee but i see the point and it was really just a be bold attempt that flopped i am glad you understood i didnt mean it in bad faith at least that matters more to me right now i still think it should be its own article since i think the discussion stands on its own legs but i cheerfully agree to disagree this from the chick who also thinks nightwing should be renamed dich grayson and grumbles about that a lot paper games i had a road race card game as a youngun that seems vaguely similar its probably on the other side of the globe though along with most of my comics p 
0.12888743
dick

i hate ppl thinking i'm a windbag . or shd tht be gabdniw ? i give up
0.71734554
i hate ppl thinking im a windwag or shd tht be gabdniw i give up 
0.6677936
windbag

here i am : 0waldo with my ' other ' response to your total collateral/blatherskite actions . if you other junior punk editors would have done your research prior to intimidating me with your virtual stupidity then you would have taken note that the link which has been on there forever mysteriously evaporated on by “” timpailthorpe ”” due to actions of “” agent007bond ”” on 01:59 , 22 february 2006 . all i did was add the link back and try to ignore your stupid bla-bla and ya-ya by adding it back . i'm getting sick of having to deal with the jack-legged intellect that you bone-headed editors suffer from so liberally – gadz ; you all think you are so intelligent , sorry pals , you lack severely , doctorates and all . my advice : do your research and “” then ”” come back and ask me a question or do your edit thing – quit screaming at me with all your junior editorial cannons/crap about “ 3r ” , “ civil ” and the like – here is my advice : take an anti-stupid-editor-pill all of you . you revert this and you revert that and then do your research and realize your actions were premature and then have to stick with your accidents and stupidity and lie to the cops here subsequently blaming your stupid actions on me . i submit this “” civilly and sincerely ”” to all applicable .
0.4740476
here i am 0waldo with my other response to your total collateralblatherskite actions if you other junior punk editors would have done your research prior to intimidating me with your virtual stupidity then you would have taken note that the link which has been on there forever mysteriously evaporated on by “” timpailthorpe ”” due to actions of “” agent007bond ”” on 0159 22 february 2006 all i did was add the link back and try to ignore your stupiyd blabla and yaya by adding it back im getting sick of having to deal with the jacklegged intellect that you boneheaded editors suffer from so liberally – gadz you all think you are so intelligent sorry pals you lack severely doctorates and all my advice do your research and “” then ”” come back and ask me a question or do your edit thing – quit screaming at me with all your junior editorial cannonscrap about “ 3r ” “ civil ” and the like – here is my advice take an antistupideditorpill all of you you revert this and you revert that and then do your research and realize your actions were premature and then have to stick with your accidents and stupidity and lie to the cops here subsequently blaming your stupiq actions on me i submit this “” civilly and sincerely ”” to all applicable 
0.27173087
stupid

** excuse me ? i don't see how that could possibly have been interpreted as a personal attack . in any case , i don't care at all about the issue at hand , so you don't have to worry about me continuing whatever it was you thought was objectionable ... –
0.11950059
excuse me i dont see how that could possibly have been interpreted as a personal attafk in any case i dont care at all about the issue at hand so you dont have to worry about me continuing whatever it was you thought was objectionable – 
0.04837584
attack

= = attention sysops = = please keep nate the hell out of my page !! thanks !
0.35109442
attention sysops please keep nate the tell out of my page thanks 
0.023130573
hell

-i know what you mean . the cannon series can also be translated to phoenix ( grand battle using single sword rising phoenix and triple sword rising phoenix ) maybe we should leave short translation notes to explain the double meanings of some attacks . also , we should rename santoryu attacks to zoro's attacks and have ittoryu ( single sword ) , nittoryu ( double sword ) and santoryu ( triple sword ) as subheadings so that we can organise them better .
0.04385991
i know what you mean the cannon series can also be translated to phoenix grand battle using single sword rising phoenix and triple sword rising phoenix maybe we should leave short translation notes to explain the double meanings of some attacss also we should rename santoryu ttacks to zoros ataacks and have ittoryu single sword nittoryu double sword and santoryu triple sword as subheadings so that we can organise them better 
0.03155027
attacks

i had my brain in neutral when asking that question !
0.120911054
i had my brgin in neutral when asking that question 
0.024749614
brain

= = reverting = = it's tiresome when one corrects bad grammer etc and reversion restores it . wikipedia's standards in this department are low enough already .
0.13617411
reverting its tiresome when one corrects bzd grammer etc and reversion restores it wikipedias standards in this department are low enough already 
0.06976584
bad

: at the moment the article america is doing an excellent job of ( 1 ) being a disambiguation page for the various meanings and uses of the word america that might prompt a wikipedia user to enter it into the search field and ( 2 ) attracting vandals and the like away from other articles . the article americas ( terminology ) , on the other hand , treats some of the issues you've brought up above . i don't see a reason to move the latter into the space held by the former . at this time , the article americas ( terminology ) does not treat how spanish-speakers label various areas of the western hemisphere . there is another article ( use of the word american ) that does discuss how american is used differently by both spanish- and english-speakers . -
0.028213043
at the moment the article america is doing an excellent job of 1 being a disambiguation page for the various meanings and uses of the word america that might prompt a wikipedia user to enter it into the search field and 2 attracting vandqls and the like away from other articles the article americas terminology on the other hand treats some of the issues youve brought up above i dont see a reason to move the latter into the space held by the former at this time the article americas terminology does not treat how spanishspeakers label various areas of the western hemisphere there is another article use of the word american that does discuss how american is used differently by both spanish and englishspeakers 
0.017720373
vandals

:: i think you are missing the point . i am 28 and an active member of the community . i do personally know lesbians . but whether its going out to dinner , or working at the food c o-o p , lesbians don't seem any more common than elsewhere in new york city . there is one lesbian bar on 4th ave . park slope is not called dyke slope by anyone except perhaps as an insult . you are missing the point . its a fiction !!!
0.24285398
i think you are missing the point i am 28 and an active member of the community i do personally know lesbians but whether its going out to dinner or working at the food c oo p lesbians dont seem any more common than elsewhere in new york city there is one lesbian bar on 4th ave park slope is not called dyke slope by anyone except perhaps as an iksult you are missing the point its a fiction 
0.07425002
insult

= = cause of death = = fuck exicution , put down murder was the mutha fuckin ' case , and shawtnegger was tha murdera !
0.9641395
cause of death fuck exicution put down murder was the mutha fjckin case and shawtnegger was tha murdera 
0.9586205
fuckin

= = dsm = = at the precise moment you were writing about the dsm cautionary statement , i also added my 2 cents . please check the comments page . i am not an expert on wiki standards , but if you have any suggestions on incorporating this information in an appropriate manner , i'd love to hear about it .
0.011191288
dsm at the precise moment you were writing about the dsm cautionary statement i also added my 2 cents please check the comments page i am not an expert on riki standards but if you have any suggestions on incorporating this information in an appropriate manner id love to hear about it 
0.009696903
wiki

article start started this article after finding it didn't exist . no deletion log was present .
0.030456075
article start started this article after finding it didnt exisg no deletion log was present 
0.022276899
exist

= = hey jerkwad = = thanks f0r deleting my article 0n lauren felts . y0u pretty much had n0 valid reas0n 0f d0ing that . please st0p , kthnx .
0.35299712
hey jerkwad thanks f0r delbting my article 0n lauren felts y0u pretty much had n0 valid reas0n 0f d0ing that please st0p kthnx 
0.2824711
deleting

