: try blocking every ip address i will be using over the next 6 months ...
0.075856626
try blocaing every ip address i will be using over the next 6 months 
0.054542918
blocking

you're spending too much time as a volunteer dupe for the cult of wikipedia , mark-sweep
0.4011779
youre spending too much time as a volunteer d pe for the cult of wikipedia marksweep 
0.30243266
dupe

king of the world and we will eat a dick
0.86827
king of the world and we will eat a xick 
0.28037804
dick

the bogdanov affair is the whole affair and not one article !!! you just try to found reasons to shut me up and abuse your status as admi to do so but ain't not better than ybm . you are doing exactly the same as him . why do you remove my answer to your article from the main frame and let the answer made by ybm and others for exemple ? this is clearly discrimination . my answer is all too relevant to the affair discussed as are all my article as the last ones have to do with the crdibility of the people who have been the upmost against the bogdanovs and have critisize their theory the most . i do not think that a dea in informatic make a person capable to critisize the work of professionals in theorethic physic . to do so you will have to be stephen w hawking and the alike . i have pointed how discusting the methods of ybm were and was able to come with tangibles prooves of it . thats why he hurried to deleet them . but you came , afet 6 days he had done that and 6 days i tried to put it back , and ... banished me !!! then after 9 days in all , you wrote your first intervention in this site and gave a warning to ybm , but .. you failled to punish him as well , and you commited the grave mistake to accuse me of having perpetrated the same kind of crime as he did , and by doing so , bagatelize the incident as being a commun little fight between 2 stupid users deleting each others column . but it isn't at all what happened . my answer to your intervention , more than being an internal dispute , had as goal to put things back where they belong , and regarded all users . they have to know that this ybm did deleeted my texts for a whole week , without any admin interventions , that you did bannished me but not him , and that you did bannished me again but not him , for personal reasons , and at the same time hinder the users to see the facts by removing them from where they belong and place them outside . you don not have answered any of my questions , and for you to know cereal killer is the admi of the french site about the bogdanov affair and is therefor very relevant to this case . as for your accusation of my pseudo crimes of having written in french , i wrote in french on heat after having read your answer , and translated it dtraight away in english , and the french version was no more than 10 to 15 minutes on line in the middle of the night , so do stop try to agress with lies , be more honnest with yourself , at least and say it as it is : you prefer the opinion of ybm , do not like the bogdanov , thought you do not understand a thing about astrophysic , and you feel nothing but hatress and repulsion about me and what i stand for . i do not think that an aristrocats fan is welcome in a place like wiki who require essentially people having a great sens of honnor , democratie , equality , common sens , and who value ethic . that rules you out , as action speak louder than any words could ever do . i do not salute you . sophie
0.39333278
the bogdanov affair is the whole affair and not one article you just try to found reasons to shut me up and abuse your status as admi to do so but aint not better than ybm you are doing exactly the same as him why do you remove my answer to your article from the main frame and let the answer made by ybm and others for exemple this is clearly discrimination my answer is all too relevant to the affair discussed as are all my article as the last ones have to do with the crdibility of the people who have been the upmost against the bogdanovs and have critisize their theory the most i do not think that a dea in informatic make a person capable to critisize the work of professionals in theorethic physic to do so you will have to be stephen w hawking and the alike i have pointed how discusting the methods of ybm were and was able to come with tangibles prooves of it thats why he hurried to deleet them but you came afet 6 days he had done that and 6 days i tried to put it back and banished me then after 9 days in all you wrote your first intervention in this site and gave a warning to ybm but you failled to punish him as well and you commited the grave mistake to accuse me of having perpetrated the same kind of crime as he did and by doing so bagatelize the incident as being a commun little fight between 2 stupcd users deleting each others column but it isnt at all what happened my answer to your intervention more than being an internal dispute had as goal to put things back where they belong and regarded all users they have to know that this ybm did deleeted my texts for a whole week without any admin interventions that you did bannished me but not him and that you did bannished me again but not him for personal reasons and at the same time hinder the users to see the facts by removing them from where they belong and place them outside you don not have answered any of my questions and for you to know cereal killer is the admi of the french site about the bogdanov affair and is therefor very relevant to this case as for your accusation of my pseudo crimes of having written in french i wrote in french on heat after having read your answer and translated it dtraight away in english and the french version was no more than 10 to 15 minutes on line in the middle of the night so do stop try to agress with lies be more honnest with yourself at least and say it as it is you prefer the opinion of ybm do not like the bogdanov thought you do not understand a thing about astrophysic and you feel nothing but hatress and repulsion about me and what i stand for i do not think that an aristrocats fan is welcome in a place like wiki who require essentially people having a great sens of honnor democratie equality common sens and who value ethic that rules you out as action speak louder than any words could ever do i do not salute you sophie 
0.21935634
stupid

i've just noticed that , on your user page , you have a sub-page entitled ip-blocking . what is the point of having a page of guidelines if you don't bother following them yourself ?
0.08183497
ive just noticed that on your user page you hace a subpage entitled ipblocking what is the point of having a page of guidelines if you dont bother following them yourself 
0.079145014
have

= = hurricane katrina = = you are crap , you fucking idiot .
0.9883002
hurricane katrina you are crap you fucsing idiot 
0.9745977
fucking

not that this is quite the same , but i'm just wondering why does it need to be mentioned that maher has joked about having sex with coulter ?
0.2347373
not that this is quite the same but im just wondering why does it need to be mentioned that maher has joked about having sep with coulter 
0.06425706
sex

= = canada/vietnam war = = tinydaddy ... please . canada did not send troops do the vietnam war . there are many immigrants in the us who join the forces , it doesn't mean their countries sent troops to iraq . coulter was shooting her mouth off and was wrong , this was not a ' clarification '
0.20112677
canadavietnam war tinydaddy please canada did not send troops do the vietnam war there are many immigrants in the us who join the forces it doesnt mean their countries sent troops to iraq coulter was shooting her fouth off and was wrong this was not a clarification 
0.10373296
mouth

i think i wrote the initial page , probably as an anon in one of my earlier efforts . i concur with your idea . just do it ! d :)
0.02404122
i think i wrote the initial page probably as an anon in one of my earlier efforts i concur with your idea just du it d 
0.02258389
do

= = woo ! = = hi lucky 6 point 9 what is going on its me again !! i'm feeling just stupendous right now ! i saw your comments and left you all a note of the request for comment page . i'm really really sorry about being sooo naughty and hope we can turn a new page in our lives and start over from the beginning . i'm feeling great and quite lively tonight !! have a good one !!! )
0.05419872
woo hi lucky 6 point 9 what is going on its me again im feeling just stupendous right now i saw your comments and left you all a note of the request for comment page im really really sorry about being sooo naughtz and hope we can turn a new page in our lives and start over from the beginning im feeling great and quite lively tonight have a good one 
0.020984555
naughty

! you're an ignorant phallus-sucker , no matter what you say or the way yo try to insult me , as your insults don't change my being , but only return back to you , bastard
0.94107014
youre an ignoranr phallussucker no matter what you say or the way yo try to insult me as your insults dont change my being but only return back to you bastard 
0.90071005
ignorant

ooooh , you blocked me , don't you feel all tough and mighty now you little prick ? after all the bullies that picked on you and stole your milk money , you finally feel tough and significant by blocking me . good job mate .
0.6667314
ooooh you blocked me dont you feel all tough and mighty now you little prlck after all the bullies that picked on you and stole your milk money you finally feel tough and significant by blocking me good job mate 
0.53014433
prick

= = ok listen airplane guy = = how dare you - do u hjave no respect for david burger ? what proof do u have ?.. none ! - you arte an insult to david burger- his children- and his childrens children- and his childrens childrens children . he was a legend that made great music . u should be ashamed .
0.54602635
ok listen airplane guy how dire you do u hjave no respect for david burger what proof do u have none you arte an insult to david burger his children and his childrens children and his childrens childrens children he was a legend that made great music u should be ashamed 
0.5140381
dare

= = temperance and threats . = = hi . i think xiong could not possibly be more wrong in some of the things he has said on the village pump page . nonetheless , this comment that you made is , in my opinion , inappropriate . your admin tools are a mop , to be used to clean up wikipedia for the good of the community , not a club to be brandished in the direction of people with whom you disagree . i think you should revert that comment . regards ,
0.108484045
temperance and threats hi i think xiong could not possibly be more wrong in some of the things he has said on the village pump page nonetheless this comment that you made is in my opinion tnappropriate your admin tools are a mop to be used to clean up wikipedia for the good of the community not a club to be brandished in the direction of people with whom you disagree i think you should revert that comment regards 
0.07464562
inappropriate

( utc ) proto , there's been quite a discussion on this issue after we had ours . it turns out that the g4 rule was in fact intended to mean something more closely resembling your initial understanding of the rule . some editors have been making attempts to write a clearer g4 , and their efforts may be seen here and here , on the csd talk page . as you had an interest in this , i thought i'd give you a heads up ; i'm sure your comments will be useful . — 10:54:56 , 2005-09-06
0.07322138
utc proto theres been quite a discussion on this issue after we had ours it turns out that the g4 rule was in fact intended to mean something more closely resgmbling your initial understanding of the rule some editors have been making attempts to write a clearer g4 and their efforts may be seen here and here on the csd talk page as you had an interest in this i thought id give you a heads up im sure your comments will be useful — 105456 20050906 
0.057843942
resembling

:: teh intarweb would nevar lie to me !!!
0.3315314
teh intarweb would nevar lid to me 
0.23971413
lie

= = bc , ad , bce , ce , ah , etc = = there has been lots of debate on what date format to use , and wikipedia has been unable to agree on a standard . because of this , new articles can use whatever date format is appropriate , but they ask that no one go through and change a bunch of articles . about arabic -> english translators , i've wanted one of those for a long time . apparently there isn't a good one on the internet , sadly . –
0.03349113
bc ad bce ce ah etc there has been lots of debate on what date format to use and wikipedia has been unable to agree on a standard because of this new articles can use whatever date format is appropriate but they ask that no one go through and change a buncy of articles about arabic english translators ive wanted one of those for a long time apparently there isnt a good one on the internet sadly – 
0.024085118
bunch

