= = sorry = = i stepped away for a second and my friends decided it would be funny to delete a page . those damn idiots . sorry about that .
0.7638614
sorry i stepped away for a second and my friends decided it would be funny to nelete a page those damn idiots sorry about that 
0.73091274
delete

= = andrew nellis article = = the andrew nellis was unfairly deleted according to the rules of wikipedia . the rules require consensus . there was a majority but no consensus . what gives ? this page should be put back up immediately .
0.03892755
andrew nellis article the andrew nellis was unfairly geleted according to the rules of wikipedia the rules require consensus there was a majority but no consensus what gives this page should be put back up immediately 
0.028824765
deleted

the breakdown article is not left on the metalcore page because although the metalcore genre is fairly broad , it isn't the only genre where you will find breakdowns . best to keep the two articles separate .
0.022050945
the breakdown article is not left on the metalcorl page because although the metalcoze genre is fairly broad it isnt the only genre where you will find breakdowns best to keep the two articles separate 
0.013373747
metalcore

omg .... are you slow man ??? i am not making personal attacks ! comments that you disagree with do not constitute personal attacks . yes i realize that i just said that you were slow but i am just making a point saying that it is taking you a while to get a point that i have repeatedly said . the reliable sources are the founders .... if you want to talk to them then fine . go do that but dont be close minded .... yes you are .... about stuff that you dont even know all about . there is plenty of other useless crap here on wikipedia that you can go delete or edit or whatever because its not valid , reliable , or whatever . hell , some of it isnt even stuff that is real .... yet you allow there to be posts about it ? how is that encyclopedic ?
0.536512
omg are you slow man i am not making personal attacks comments that you disagree with do not constitute personal attacks yes i realize that i just said that you were slow but i am just making a point saying that it is taking you a while to get a point that i have repeatedly said the reliable sources are the founders if you want to talk to them then fine go do that but dont be close minded yes you are about stuff that you dont even know all about there is plenty of other uselens crap here on wikipedia that you can go delete or edit or whatever because its not valid reliable or whatever hell some of it isnt even stuff that is real yet you allow there to be posts about it how is that encyclopedic 
0.37940252
useless

fine ! how about you tell me what contribution of yours i am to talk about ? you have made no contribution at all except to delete my post ... which is no contribution at all . why is it that the people who make something are unreliable , but someone who just learns about that something from the creator and then makes an article about it is reliable ? that makes absolutely no sense at all . i hope you are glad that you have lost a potential contributor to this site and i will do everything i can to make sure that everyone else knows the complete and total censorship on this site and the stupidity of some of the rules in the hopes that nobody else has the same experience that i did .
0.3955141
fine how about you tell me what contribution of yours i am to talk about you have made no contribution at all except to delete my post which is no contribution at all why is it that the people who make something are unreliable but someone who just learns about that something from the creator and then makes an article about it is reliable that makes absolutely no sense at all i hope you are glad that you have lost a potential contributor to this site and i will do everything i can to make sure that everyone else knows the complete and total censorship on this site and the sjupidity of some of the rules in the hopes that nobody else has the same experience that i did 
0.11554253
stupidity

= = rfc = = hi , i'm informing editors who have recently contributed to similar articles that there's an rfc at : talk : turkey #request_for_comment : _sanitization_of_turkish_history concerning the armenian genocide . feel free to add your say , and pass the message on .
0.035166528
rfc hi im informing editors who have recently contributed to similar articles that theres an rfc at talk turkey requestforcomment sanitizationofturkishhistory concerning the armenian genogide feel free to add your say and pass the message on 
0.015896833
genocide

= = ???? = = this ' list ' serves no purpose other than to provide ammunition for those already holding racist views . also , many of the terms related to jews and african americans are clearly fabricated by some racist individual with too much time on their hands . panda
0.4771946
this list serves no purpose other than to provide ammunition for those already holding rcist views also many of the terms related to jews and african americans are clearly fabricated by some racise individual with too much time on their hands panda 
0.24083692
racist

:::: i make no personal attacks , only logically assumptions . and i won't tolerate the vanadlism of living persons .
0.13365148
i make no personal attacks only logically assumptions and i wont tylerate the vanadlism of living persons 
0.1000508
tolerate

: ah the victims deserved to be killed defence f.a.y ! ok lets see if a few facts can set you straight ( they won't but its really for the rest of the wikipedians out there ) about how much the victims deserved to be killed . of course attempting to talk about innocents in the west is out because there deaths are the governments fault in your mind . so lets go to iraq , where over 10 barbers have been killed in the name of land recovery from fachist invaders , no wait i got that wrong they have been killed because ( wait for it this crime is up there with pedophilia ) they shave mens beards off ! ( ps this was reported by the bbc not lgf ) . lets move to another country involved in islamic terrorisms war on us , thailand , where land recovery from fachist invaders takes the form of terrorists many from indonesia killing native buddist thai's for the crime of pig farming or collecting rubber tree sap off the land has been theirs for thousands of years . this list goes on and on . i'll believe islam has nothing to do with terrorism when suicide bombers are no-longer video'd with a koran in one hand and an assult-rifle in the other , but until then i'll just call it the religion of peace and everone else will laugh at that sick joke . : ps as to judaic terrorism & christianity terrorism please create them as ibet there is anough notable cases for articles like zionist political violence and pro-life groups already have pages on wikipedia . ( my bet is you won't create these pages and 3 months from now you'll be back bitching and moaning that only islam has terrorism pages ascociated with it ) .
0.51583433
ah the victims deserved to be killed defence fay ok lets see if a few facts can set you straight they wont but its really for the rest of the wikipedians out there about how much the victims deserved to be killed of course attempting to talk about innocents in the west is out because there deaths are the governments fault in your mind so lets go to iraq where over 10 barbers have been killed in the name of land recovery from fachist invaders no wait i got that wrong they have been killed because wait for it this crime is up there with pedophilia they shave mens beards off ps this was reported by the bbc not lgf lets move to another country involved in islamic terrorisms war on us thailand where land recovery from fachist invaders takes the form of terrorists many from indonesia killing native buddist thais for the crime of pig farming or collecting rubber tree sap off the land has been theirs for thousands of years this list goes on and on ill believe islam has nothing to do with terrorism when suicide bombers are nolonger videod with a koran in one hand and an assultrifle in the other but until then ill just call it the religion of peace and everone else will laugh at that sick joke ps as to judaic terrorism christianity terrorism please create them as ibet there is anough notable cases for articles like zionist political violence and prolife groups already have pages on wikipedia my bet is you wont create these pages and 3 months from now youll be back bit hing and moaning that only islam has terrorism pages ascociated with it 
0.4274876
bitching

= = hey you fucking jew = = why the fuck did you get rid of emo kid beatdown day you aussie fag . gay jew basturd go celebrate hannucka
0.9851033
hey you nucking jew why the fuck did you get rid of emo kid beatdown day you aussie fag gay jew basturd go celebrate hannucka 
0.97585994
fucking

* please see world war iii in popular culture .
0.048040073
please see world rar iii in popular culture 
0.020322097
war

= = erie , pennsylvania = = please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to erie , pennsylvania . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox .
0.1698449
erie pennsylvania please refrain from adding nonsenve to wikipedia as you did to erie pennsylvania it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox 
0.10361094
nonsense

= = needs work ... = = ... this article needs work , so i am going to adopt it in a week or 2 .
0.0384412
nebds work this article feeds work so i am going to adopt it in a week or 2 
0.022023547
needs

= = andrew nellis article = = sorry , but you are abusing the condition of your admin status and the andrew nellis article has been recreated in accordance with conditions with wikipedia rules . there was a 7-7 vote on the article being deleted and there was never any consenus to delete this article . there has been a proper deletion review post made on september 30th 2006 . i have also contacted wikipedia concerning this matter as i feel it is insulting for one admin to delete articles based soley on what he feels are real users on wikipedia . the user asking for deletion claimed the article was a vanity page . in fact , there is ample evidence from the early history of the andrew nellis page that it was created by the same people who eventually asked for its deletion . at first the article made light of nellis ' weight , health problems and political ambitions . this was changed and so-called vanity portions of the article were removed . when the article took the shape of an actual wikipedia article , the users on dalnet irc , primarily those from the #atheism and #memes channels called for its deletion as it no longer mocked nellis ' weight and other health problems . i am going to recreate this article as long as there is no consensus and as long as wikipedia admins wrongfully delete the article .
0.048673846
andrew nellis article sorry but you are abusing the condition of your admin status and the andrew nellis article has been recreated in accordance with conditions with wikipedia rules there was a 77 vote on the article being deleted and there was never any consenus to delete this article there has been a proper deletion review post made on september 30th 2006 i have also contacted wikipedia concerning this matter as i feel it is insolting for one admin to delete articles based soley on what he feels are real users on wikipedia the user asking for deletion claimed the article was a vanity page in fact there is ample evidence from the early history of the andrew nellis page that it was created by the same people who eventually asked for its deletion at first the article made light of nellis weight health problems and political ambitions this was changed and socalled vanity portions of the article were removed when the article took the shape of an actual wikipedia article the users on dalnet irc primarily those from the atheism and memes channels called for its deletion as it no longer mocked nellis weight and other health problems i am going to recreate this article as long as there is no consensus and as long as wikipedia admins wrongfully delete the article 
0.042815793
insulting

drk , you can start with these ,,, and . the first three have to do with me , the fourth with another user . there are numerous other examples that i haven't provided here . please be aware also that he has made several references to what he thinks are my religious beliefs beliefs which i have never discussed at wikipedia . nevertheless , anybody who does hold the religious beliefs he attributes to me would certainly find his statements offensive . there are diffs available that show another user , heretofore uninvolved in the current communications , who discusses the offensiveness of such statements . there are also diffs available from an administrator involved in trying to mediate a previous dispute with lordkazan who says flatly that some of his views are religiously intolerant .
0.07481665
drk you can start with these and the first three have to do with me the fourth with another user there are numerous other examples that i havent provided here please be aware also that he has made several references to what he thinks are my religious beliefs beliefs which i have never discussed at wikipedia nevertheless anybody who does hold the religious beliefs he attributes to me would certainly find his statements offensive there are diffs available that show another user heretofore uninvolved in the current communications who discusses the offensiveness of such statements there are also diffs available from an administrator involved in trying to mediate a previous dispute with lordkazan who says flatly that some of his views are religiously ivtolerant 
0.04751275
intolerant

oit does not say that pie = vedic , this is what the bulk of naive hindu patriots ( and i do not include nobleeagle in their number ) do not get . elst's semi-reasonable oit emerging model ( emerging being a way of saying that nobody believes in it yet ) would mean that the mature ivc was the home of proto-indo-iranian , which isn't vedic . the vedic period begins with the rv , which would date to later than 1900 bc in both oit and aim models . nobleeagle : yes , i said i would be willing to present oit as a reasonable alternative on similar footing as the anatolian hypothesis , which is itself rather fringy and mainly advocated by a single scholar . the solid mainstream consensus is that pie has kurgan origins in the widest sense ( which themselves may be open to a lot of varying interpretations ) . anatolian and a la limite indian hypotheses may be mentioned in passing as minority views , not as main contenders . xiaopo is perfectly right in his point about undue weight . since i know you are editing in good faith , why don't we try to strike an agreement here instead of us having to follow you around scrutinizing your every edit : an agreement along the lines that you are perfectly welcome to link to the full oit article from all sorts of pie topics , but not to present it as anything like a ' main contender ' or widely held possibility .
0.03323914
oit does not say that pie vedic this is what the bulk of nrive hindu patriots and i do not include nobleeagle in their number do not get elsts semireasonable oit emerging model emerging being a way of saying that nobody believes in it yet would mean that the mature ivc was the home of protoindoiranian which isnt vedic the vedic period begins with the rv which would date to later than 1900 bc in both oit and aim models nobleeagle yes i said i would be willing to present oit as a reasonable alternative on similar footing as the anatolian hypothesis which is itself rather fringy and mainly advocated by a single scholar the solid mainstream consensus is that pie has kurgan origins in the widest sense which themselves may be open to a lot of varying interpretations anatolian and a la limite indian hypotheses may be mentioned in passing as minority views not as main contenders xiaopo is perfectly right in his point about undue weight since i know you are editing in good faith why dont we try to strike an agreement here instead of us having to follow you around scrutinizing your every edit an agreement along the lines that you are perfectly welcome to link to the full oit article from all sorts of pie topics but not to present it as anything like a main contender or widely held possibility 
0.025038611
naive

= = sherlock holmes of mytologie = = can you explen us , from witch planet cames albaners ? i think this is mnore importen beacose we know now thate in serbian mytologie kosovo is part of serbia , from serbian mytologie i know thate albaners camme to kosovo with some ships , but i diden undertandet from witch planet ? - hipi
0.20025575
sherlock holmes of mytoloige can you explen us from witch planet cames albaners i think this is mnore importen beacose we know now thate in serbian mytolwogie kosovo is part of serbia from serbian mltologie i know thate albaners camme to kosovo with some ships but i diden undertandet from witch planet hipi 
0.19833271
mytologie

hot chicks . and more likely guys buts and bols .
0.3761725
hot chibks and more likely guys buts and bols 
0.32130384
chicks

hell * please do not delete sections of text or valid links from wikipedia articles . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.3300464
hcll please do not delete sections of text or valid links from wikipedia articles it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.07149099
hell

:: mykungfu , if you are willing to come back and play by the rules - no sockpuppets , no harassing other users , no constant reverts - i think there are some real issues that we should discuss on these frat pages , such as the reliability of the skip mason site , and i'd be happy to help . but for that to happen , you have to work with us , through talk pages and via compromise . i hope you'll choose to stick to one account and to work with the rest of us to make wikipedia's articles on these fraternities better . |
0.10383086
mykungfu if you are willing to come back and play by the rules no sockpuppets no harassinz other users no constant reverts i think there are some real issues that we should discuss on these frat pages such as the reliability of the skip mason site and id be happy to help but for that to happen you have to work with us through talk pages and via compromise i hope youll choose to stick to one account and to work with the rest of us to make wikipedias articles on these fraternities better 
0.062287994
harassing

