my opinion this article ( in its current state ) is weird . it looks like someone pushing an issue or their own advice or something . i can't explain it . looks a little bit like an essay on agriculture in general . but the only information i think we need to keep from it which regards agricultural productivity is : for economists : agricultural productivity is measuring production of an agricultural good + estimating its value on the market , which = an indication of its profit-making potential . for farmers : the term agricultural productivity means first the ability ( for themselves or their community ) to survive on the agricultural goods they produce . [ perhaps list here the agricultural products mentioned in the article which the community can use , e.g. food ( crops , dairy & meat ) , hides , manure , etc ] the part about it being a better idea to produce a variety of products instead of just specialising in one product ( eg crops ) is interesting information , but i'm not sure it belongs here . any ideas on how to incorporate it into this article , or perhaps another one ?
0.0428557
my opinion this article in its current state is weird it looks like someone pushing an issue or their own advice or something i cant explain it looks a little bit like an essay on agriculture in general but the only information i think we need to keep from it which regards agricultural productivity is for economists agricultural productivity is measuring production of an agricultural good estimating its value on the market which an indication of its profitmaking potential for farmers the term agricultural productivity means first the ability for themselves or their community to survive on the agricultural goods they produce perhaps list here the agricultural products mentioned in the article which the community can use eg food crops dairy meat hides danure etc the part about it being a better idea to produce a variety of products instead of just specialising in one product eg crops is interesting information but im not sure it belongs here any ideas on how to incorporate it into this article or perhaps another one 
0.016416524
manure

i believe has returned as ip again to harass me . see the last comment by the ip here . thats the same terminology he was using before .
0.1342543
i believe has returned as if again to harass me see the last comment by the ep here thats the same terminology he was using before 
0.09622389
ip

make only a real story about angeles city , i'm also from angeles city sapang bato ... susan if u make a story about angeles , make it real o . k ..
0.032160155
make only a real story about angeles city im also from angeles city sapasg bato susan if u make a story about angeles make it real o k 
0.0140384985
sapang

: tell you what , go to every other tv show-related article and purge those observation sections first , then come back and discuss this . we already went through one war over the trivia section , and it's not a good idea to start another one over the compromise . seriously .
0.09277469
tell you what go to every other tv showrelated article and puage those observation sections first then come back and discuss this we already went through one war over the trivia section and its not a good idea to start another one over the compromise seriously 
0.07822785
purge

why don't you stop ? it's one thing to shoose a shorter name for an article , but another thing to give missleading information in an article . //
0.11140157
why dont you st p its one thing to shoose a shorter name for an article but another thing to give missleading information in an article 
0.071788095
stop

= = no , you = = please quit vandalizing my talk page . it's getting very annoying and giving other wiki users a false perception of me . i will be forced to contact the admin if you continue your actions .
0.34692255
no you please quit vandalizing my talk page its getting very annoying and giving other wiki users a fglse perception of me i will be forced to contact the admin if you continue your actions 
0.30400342
false

= = personal attack ? = = you fucking coward . anytime anyone tells the truth about cheri dinovo or her attack queers it is a personal attack ? no wonder the pope hates you pillow-biters
0.9541277
personal attack you fuckzng coward anytime anyone tells the truth about cheri dinovo or her attack queers it is a personal attack no wonder the pope hates you pillowbiters 
0.862238
fucking

= = vandalism ? = = hi feyday , could you just tell me what i actually did that counted as ' vandalism ? '
0.21869709
vandalis m hi feyday could you just tell me what i actually did that counted as vandalisq 
0.078827016
vandalism

the aim o the alliance is for ninja to enter the rpc agit lords . asher , being compromised with this alliance , used its members to defend the agits owned by ninja . an internal agreement with akira and demonyita ~ which tells that , if ever ninja would enter the agit lords , they will going to give a slot for asher . being excited for the agreement , asher decided that demonyita ~ should be their representative .. 3 months passed , and ninja won . unfortunately , without viable reason , † ninja † decided to break the agreement . and so , ☼ asher ☼ being used for their own interest , decided to go against them .
0.044011746
the aim o the alliance is for ninja to enter the rpc agit losrds asher being compromised with this alliance used its members to defend the agits owned by ninja an internal agreement with akira and demonyita which tells that if ever ninja would enter the agit rords they will going to give a slot for asher being excited for the agreement asher decided that demonyita should be their representative 3 months passed and ninja won unfortunately without viable reason † ninja † decided to break the agreement and so ☼ asher ☼ being used for their own interest decided to go against them 
0.026009267
lords

well my faith bans christmas so you better not do this again or else . stop dishonoring my god , buddha
0.1880393
well my faith bans christmas so you better not do this again or else strp dishonoring my god buddha 
0.15400177
stop

:: nobody cares enough that it's going to be a ps3 exclusive game for an extra section to be added to the article except you .
0.18185356
nobody carms enough that its going to be a ps3 exclusive game for an extra section to be added to the article except you 
0.075446226
cares

:: i don't think liberation * necessarily * has to do with a foreign country being the governing body . the us * is * a foreign army in another country and they've been there since 2003 so i believe that makes them a semi-permanent occupying army . regardless , of all this i like the quote it is now . the quote as it is now is simply a quote by hussein's daughter which can be taken at its own context . it's a response by one person and there are responses by many people on the page which reflect a wide variety of opinions . this is how proper unbiased news articles look . there's a quote without any editorializing . add liberated and there's editorializing . that's like writing an article about wikipedia and writing '' wikipedia is an encyclopedia and there are many interesting articles . all i'm saying is don't go nuts with the quotation marks and get all snarky . apples99
0.10163617
i dont think liberation necessarily has to do with a foreign country being the governing body the us is a foreign army in another country and theyve been there since 2003 so i believe that makes them a semipermanent occupying army regardless of all this i like the quote it is now the quote as it is now is simply a quote by husseins daughter which can be taken at its own context its a response by one person and there are responses by many people on the page which reflect a wide variety of opinions this is how proper unbiased news articles look theres a quote without any editorializing add liberated and theres editorializing thats like writing an article about wikipedia and writing wikipedia is an encyclopedia and there are many interesting articles all im saying is dont lo nuts with the quotation marks and get all snarky apples99 
0.098870814
go

: we should treat the sentence families , as well as other social groups , generally live permanently in houses . with suspicion ; for it doesn't have a citation ! the clown in my wants to add to it . i find the article house excessively american-centric ; for in australia , we live in kangaroo shelters ! i shall request the article be moved — not to simple english , but to simple-minded english . : happy new year !
0.07819835
we should treat the sentence families as well as other social groups generally live permanently in houses with suspicion for it doesnt have a citation the clowt in my wants to add to it i find the article house excessively americancentric for in australia we live in kangaroo shelters i shall request the article be moved — not to simple english but to simpleminded english happy new year 
0.059538834
clown

= = thank you all , we'll all improve the wikipedia in 2007 = = dear all ! thanks for the warm wishes and all the emails that came in while i was at the new year's vacation . now that i checked back for what has been going on in the last ten days while i was away the situation seems hopeful indeed . the bunch of scandalous action inspired by the secretive plottings are still being discusses and widely condemned and i see i see a strong momentum of the community of the wikipedia editors to finally put a decisive end to the secretive activity at the closed channels followed by the drastically insulting onwiki actions . i am also hopeful that the new arbcom will act on the recent developments . = = happy new 2007 to all ! = = ]]
0.02415818
thank you all well all improve the wikipedia in 2007 dear all thanks for the warm wishes and all the emails that came in while i was at the new years vacation now that i checked back for what has been going on in the last ten days while i was away the situation seems hopeful indeed the bunch of scandalous action inspired by the secretive plottings are still being discusses and widely condemned and i see i see a strong momentum of the community of the wikipedia editors to finally put a decisive end to the secretive activity at the closed channels followed by the drastically insultiig onwiki actions i am also hopeful that the new arbcom will act on the recent developments happy new 2007 to all 
0.011276313
insulting

:: g4's aren't really subject to debate it's a copy of the article that was deleted before . the only time that they merit debate is when the article is substantially different . as the conclusion of the first debate was that the subject of the article is unnotable , improvements to the article do not change its outcome . however , you can re-open the debate by going to deletion review . posting the article again will only result in its deletion .
0.01834432
g4s arent really subject to debate its a copy of the article that was deleted before the only time that they merit debate ios when the article s substantially different as the conclusion of the first debate was that the subject of the article ps unnotable improvements to the article do not change its outcome however you can reopen the debate by going to deletion review posting the article again will only result in its deletion 
0.012491229
is

