i've added the template to the article musthy , suggesting that it be deleted according to the proposed deletion process . all contributions are appreciated , but i don't believe it satisfies wikipedia's criteria for inclusion , and i've explained why in the deletion notice ( see also wikipedia : what wikipedia is not and wikipedia : notability ) . please either work to improve the article if the topic is worthy of inclusion in wikipedia , or , if you disagree , discuss the issues raised at talk : musthy . if you remove the template , the article will not be deleted , but note that it may still be sent to wikipedia : articles for deletion , where it may be deleted if consensus to delete is reached . - ?
0.013326772
ive added the template to the article musthy suggesting that it be deleted according to the proposed deletion process all contributions arc appreciated but i dont believe it satisfies wikipedias criteria for inclusion and ive explained why in the deletion notice see also wikipedia what wikipedia is not and wikipedia notability please either work to improve the article if the topic is worthy of inclusion in wikipedia or if you disagree discuss the issues raised at talk musthy if you remove the template the article will not be deleted but note that it may still be sent to wikipedia articles for deletion where it may be deleted if consensus to delete is reached 
0.011341598
are

= = re = = so , i guess this is how you are biased against your enemies ? telling me not to be a troll , even when your own evolutionist buddies do the same . i am an uncivil person and i treat people the way they treat me . i do not regard your comment as fair or friendly ( the stuck up way it was written ) , so i am not your friend . do not warn me about nonsense issues , and spend your time at rather improving articles . thank you . ► ( ♥ ) ♪♫
0.23568061
re so i guess this is how you are biased against your enemies telling me not to be a troll even when your own evolutionist buddies do the same i am an  ncivil person and i treat people the way they treat me i do not regard your comment as fair or friendly the stuck up way it was written so i am not your friend do not warn me about nonsense issues and spend your time at rather improving articles thank you ► ♥ ♪♫ 
0.2170091
uncivil

= = particle gravity ? = = the current article says this theory is commonly called ( in the scientific community ) particle gravity . does anyone have a reference for this ? ( i've never heard the term particle gravity used to describe this kind of theory . )
0.009645871
particle gravity the current article says this theory io commonly called in the scientific community particle gravity does anyone have a reference for this ive never heard the term particle gravity used to describe this kind of theory 
0.0065056044
is

i think this page should be blocked ....
0.11452988
i think this page should oe blocked 
0.08328136
be

= = spamming = = please do not add inappropriate external links to wikipedia . wikipedia is not a mere directory of links nor should it be used for advertising or promotion . inappropriate links include ( but are not limited to ) links to personal web sites , links to web sites with which you are affiliated , and links that exist to attract visitors to a web site or promote a product . see the external links guideline and spam policies for further explanations of links that are considered appropriate . if you feel the link should be added to the article , then please discuss it on the article's talk page rather than re-adding it . see the welcome page to learn more about wikipedia . thank you .
0.04956078
spamming please do not add inapprodriate external links to wikipedia wikipedia is not a mere directory of links nor should it be used for advertising or promotion inappropmiate links include but are not limited to links to personal web sites links to web sites with which you are affiliated and links that exist to attract visitors to a web site or promote a product see the external links guideline and spam policies for further explanations of links that are considered appropriate if you feel the link should be added to the article then please discuss it on the articles talk page rather than readding it see the welcome page to learn more about wikipedia thank you 
0.039474864
inappropriate

= = ah haaaeeell no ! = = scott , wth ? you are moderating my opnions in the discussion section ? my opinions are my opinions . enough said . if you disagree with me fine but don't delete my reply . thanks . have a good day .
0.14746888
ah haaaeeell no scott wth you are moderating my opnions in the discussion section my opinions are my opinions enough said if you disagree with me fine but dont delete my reply thanks kave a good day 
0.099055946
have

: hi , for the moment i've turned your article into a redirect to infectious disease . but please feel free to turn it back into a proper article once you have enough content , okay ? i'm sure it could become a good article in the end . happy editing ,
0.043042634
hi for the moment ive turned your article into a redirect to infectious diswase but please feel free to turn it back into a proper article once you have enough content okay im sure it could become a good article in the end happy editing 
0.020607024
disease

= = suite101 dot com = = i see a lot of discussion about whether these are suitable links . see wikipedia talk : wikiproject spam #wikipedia talk : wikiproject spam‎ . also see wp : el and wp : spam .
0.020991921
suite101 dot com i see a lot of discussion about whether these are suitable links see wikipedia talk wikiproject spam wikipedia talk wikiproject spamp also see wp el and wp spam 
0.019656722
spam‎

ok , in summary , mark twain is not a wp : rs because there are accurate estimates of concomitant population , which is contradictory to your earlier statement that there are no accurate estimates of population at the time so laregely scholars can relate to the observations of travelers at the time . this reference and others like it breech wp : rs by not conforming to the subsection beware false authority authority of authors prefer authors with an established reputation in the field where wikipedia uses them for reference . mark twain is a satirist and a writer of fiction , not a respected demographer . these references are also in breech of exceptional claims require exceptional evidence claims not supported or claims that are contradicted by the prevailing view in the relevant academic community . be particularly careful when proponents say there is a conspiracy to silence them . there is no conspiracy to silence these claims . this account is problematic because twain's work seems to indicate that the 350,000 people do not exist in twain's time , or that there are much less people than 350,000 living in palestine . verified and peer-reviewed sources indicate that there were 350,000 people in the area concomitant to twain's visit . thats what needs to be said in a section on demographics , not the musings of a satirist and fiction author . self-published sources main article : wikipedia : verifiability a self-published source is a published source that has not been subject to any form of independent fact-checking , or where no one stands between the writer and the act of publication . it includes personal websites , and books published by vanity presses . anyone can create a website or pay to have a book published , and then claim to be an expert in a certain field . for that reason , self-published books , personal websites , and blogs are largely not acceptable as sources . exceptions to this may be when a well-known , professional researcher writing within their field of expertise twain's work is also in breech of this portion of wp : rs as well . his accounts cannot be considered verified or subject to any form of independent fact-checking . he is also not a well-known , professional researcher writing within their field of expertise . if we were doing original research or if we did not have good population estimates , then this information would be valuable . since there are no accurate estimates of population at the time so laregely scholars can relate to the observations of travelers at the time '' is clearly wrong and we do have accurate estimates of population at the time , it is clear that we need to use these and expunge the article of all non-scholarly sources , including the herbert samuel link i contributed earler .
0.026139153
ok in summary mark twain is not a wp rs because there are accurate estimates of concomitant population which is contradictory to your earlier statement that there are no accurate estimates of population at the time so laregely scholars can relate to the observations of travelers at the time this reference and others like it breech wp rs by not conforming to the subsection beware false authority authority of authors prefer authors with an established reputation in the field where wikipedia uses them for reference mark twain is a satirist and a writer of fiction not a respected demographer these references are also in breech of exceptional claims require exceptional evidence claims not supported or claims that are contradicted by the prevailing view in the relevant academic community be particularly careful when proponents say there is a cnospiracy to silence them there is no conspibacy to silence these claims this account is problematic because twains work seems to indicate that the 350000 people do not exist in twains time or that there are much less people than 350000 living in palestine verified and peerreviewed sources indicate that there were 350000 people in the area concomitant to twains visit thats what needs to be said in a section on demographics not the musings of a satirist and fiction author selfpublished sources main article wikipedia verifiability a selfpublished source is a published source that has not been subject to any form of independent factchecking or where no one stands between the writer and the act of publication it includes personal websites and books published by vanity presses anyone can create a website or pay to have a book published and then claim to be an expert in a certain field for that reason selfpublished books personal websites and blogs are largely not acceptable as sources exceptions to this may be when a wellknown professional researcher writing within their field of expertise twains work is also in breech of this portion of wp rs as well his accounts cannot be considered verified or subject to any form of independent factchecking he is also not a wellknown professional researcher writing within their field of expertise if we were doing original research or if we did not have good population estimates then this information would be valuable since there are no accurate estimates of population at the time so laregely scholars can relate to the observations of travelers at the time is clearly wrong and we do have accurate estimates of population at the time it is clear that we need to use these and expunge the article of all nonscholarly sources including the herbert samuel link i contributed earler 
0.023744384
conspiracy

editing concerns #thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do . take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.010079904
editing concerns thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you may watt to do take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.007677197
want

= = original research/other = = the article mentions some details about the combos , as well as character storylines . although these things do seem accurate , a lot of material seems to have been written by someone familiar with the game and doesn't cite the source . perhaps a simple sentence , like the arcade included the following descriptions would be more precise . meltdown's name is probably able to be cited from a nintendo power . winning the game with eyedol does have an ending storyline that clearly parodies blanka from street fighter ii . another note is that the snes version had a different ending ( saying something about eyedol's bracelet ) whereas the arcade version mentioned the club . some notable game play features : i think the sky stage is perhaps noteworthy , as it could lead to some very short games on the arcade ( although the tekken series was known to have even faster fights ) . also , in the arcade eyedol had a notably easy infinite combo ( when the opponent was at the edge of a stage ) , plus a much more difficult infinite combo ( running back and forth ) , and the snes version didn't have these things . the comment above about tapping a low button might be referring to the easy repeatable combos in ki2 , which would be another game . ki1 and ki2 used the exact same motherboard ( the model # / name / whatever was identical on both motherboards ) , and the software was different only by the chips installed in the motherboard and the hard drive . ( surprising , perhaps , considering how different the games graphical feels look from each other . ) these games used the ultra 64 hardware , which was the correct name for the hardware at the time of ki1's release . rare had said ( in some unofficial strategy guide ) that they had no concerns/reason-to-worry about ki gold matching the performance of ki2 , making some smart remark about those concerns only being needed when moving to a less powerful machine . ( ki gold was initially also going to have more characters , but the memory limitations of the cartridge later proved to prevent this . ) therefore , it's not out of line to think that the n64 is really significantly different than the ultra 64 , other than the lack of the hard drive . cruisin ' usa is known to use some other motherboard , and reference the ultra 64 just as an unrelated advertisement . bugs in the game could probably get their own section , including orchid's attacking after turning into a frog , opponents shrinking with thunder's combo , riptor being unable to get a high hitting combo when the ultra misses , and the fight being able to continue on after orchid initiates her ultra ( if initiated after hitting the opponent into the air and then backflipping , and having the opponent hit her out of the ultra ) .
0.02927104
original researchother the article mentions some details about the combos as well as character storylines although these things do seem accurate a lot of material seems to have been written by someone familiar with the game and doesnt cite the source perhaps a simple sentence like the arcade included the following descriptions would be more precise meltdowns name is probably able to be cited from a nintendo power winning the game with eyedol does have an ending storyline that clearly parodies blanka from street fighter ii another note is that the snes version had a different ending saying something about eyedols bracelet whereas the arcade version mentioned the club some notable game play features i think the sky stage is perhaps noteworthy as it could lead to some very short games on the arcade although the tekken series was known to have even faster fights also in the arcade eyedol had a notably easy infinite combo when the opponent was at the edge of a stage plus a much more difficult infinite combo running back and forth and the snes version didnt have these things the comment above about tapping a low button might be referring to the easy repeatable combos in ki2 which would be another game ki1 and ki2 used the exact same motherboard the model name whatever was identical on both motherboards and the software was different only by the chips installed in the motherboard and the hard drive surprising perhaps considering how different the games graphical feels look from each other these games used the ultra 64 hardware which was the correct name for the hardware at the time of ki1s release rare had said in some unofficial strategy guide that they had no concernsreasontoworry about ki gold matching the performance of ki2 making some smart remark about those concerns only being needed when moving to a less powerful machine ki gold was initially also going to have more characters but the memory limitations of the cartridge later proved to prevent this therefore its not out of line to think that the n64 is really significantly different than the ultra 64 other than the lack of the hard drive cruison usa is known to use some other motherboard and reference the ultra 64 just as an unrelated advertisement bugs in the game could probably get their own section including orchids attacking after turning into a frog opponents shrinking with thunders combo riptor being unable to get a high hitting combo when the ultra misses and the fight being able to continue on after orchid initiates her ultra if initiated after hitting the opponent into the air and then backflipping and having the opponent hit her out of the ultra 
0.027492743
cruisin

:::::::::: necrothesp , ' english ' is a competing identity with ' cornish ' as , in fact , it has been for others within this island generally . you are an outstanding example of how suppremacy of this island was achieved by the anglo-saxon and then ' english ' ( also euphemised as british ) imperialism over the past 1500 years - a process still very much active within cornwall today . i have no doubt that you hold your view of identity sincerely , but it is incredible that as , allegedly , a cornishman that you have found it so easy to dismiss what has long been an ongoing debate within our cornish duchy - and talk pages of wikipedia . :::::::::: i do not consider my sensibilities to be more important than yours , but i do feel that they are equally as important to be considered and respected . my sensibility respects the rights of the cornish people to exist and to be seen to exist and , by inferrence , the rights of others . yours , on the other hand is built upon historical misrepresentation , repressive lies and deceit , and some inate imperial desire to destroy . you , of course , will neither see this nor accept it ! probably best if we leave it there !
0.14342582
necrothesp english is a competing identity with cornish as in fact it has been for others within this island generally you are an outstanding example of how suppremacy of this island was achieved by the anglosaxon and then english also euphemised as british imperialism over the past 1500 years a process still very much active within cornwall today i have no doubt that you hold your view of identity sincerely but it is incredible that as allegedly a cornishman that you have found it so easy to dismiss what has long been an ongoing debate within our cornish duchy and talk pages of wikipedia i do not consider my sensibilities to be more important than yours but i do feel that they are equally as important to be considered and respected my sensibility respects the rights of the cornish people to exist and to be seen to exist and by inferrence the rights of others yours on the other hand is built upon historical misrepresentation repressive lies and deceit and some inate imperial desire to dlstroy you of course will neither see this nor accept it probably best if we leave it there 
0.097495936
destroy

= = shared ip unblock = = one of my students just received the message informing us of the unblock . as i told steel359 , i would like to thank you for taking the time to review the request that i sent in . i can assure you that nothing like this will happen in the future , as i've made sure that the students responsible have learned their lesson . again , thank you very much for your time . sincerely , mrs. dawn booher
0.021176409
shared ip unblock one of my students just received the message informing us of the unblock as i told steel359 i would like to thank you for taking the time to review the request that i sent in i can assure you that noihing like this will happen in the future as ive made sure that the students responsible have learned their lesson again thank you very much for your time sincerely mrs dawn booher 
0.015440824
nothing

dude , let's not be silly . i wholeheartedly doubt that black people are afraid of a mulatto uprising . i think black people are more afraid if not most afraid of not progressing due to perceived racism ( real or not ) by whites who have the real power . besides , there have been plenty of mulatto ( those people who phenotypically have kind of a beige skin color , and caucasian features ) uprisings against darker skinned people be they in north africa or western usa or south america . actually , these people whether they be mestizos , mulattos , dark caucasians are already racist towards darker skinned people , which most of the time includes black people and native indians - ie , the systemic racism is already there . there isn't going to be some sort of big bang uprising wherein mulattos start to uprise against darker skinned people or black people . the concept of black and mulatto aren't diametrically oppossed like the concepts of black and white . the worst thing that can happen is balkanization . furthermore , as white people continue to identify as white , i don't see the idea of blackness going anywhere soon .
0.23772538
dude lets not be silry i wholeheartedly doubt that black people are afraid of a mulatto uprising i think black people are more afraid if not most afraid of not progressing due to perceived racism real or not by whites who have the real power besides there have been plenty of mulatto those people who phenotypically have kind of a beige skin color and caucasian features uprisings against darker skinned people be they in north africa or western usa or south america actually these people whether they be mestizos mulattos dark caucasians are already racist towards darker skinned people which most of the time includes black people and native indians ie the systemic racism is already there there isnt going to be some sort of big bang uprising wherein mulattos start to uprise against darker skinned people or black people the concept of black and mulatto arent diametrically oppossed like the concepts of black and white the worst thing that can happen is balkanization furthermore as white people continue to identify as white i dont see the idea of blackness going anywhere soon 
0.21963906
silly

= = you totally suck ! = = hi , let me clearyfy something before my exit of this shitwhole ! dear bishonen ( and i wonder how pretty you really are ? ) you pretend that you are a resonsible admin ? and where is your responsabily ? wikipedia is built on its users and the way we are trated and find a place in the community , let me just say that calton have been a very nasty and not friendly contact in the cyberworld and that if he/she is the raw model i just dont what to be a part of it , and youre protective approch is ununderstandible , what is this , why is it so important to protect this uncivil and totally sociopatic caracter ?
0.75785017
you totally sucd hi let me clearyfy something before my exit of this shitwhole dear bishonen and i wonder how pretty you really are you pretend that you are a resonsible admin and where is your responsabily wikipedia is built on its users and the way we are trated and find a place in the community let me just say that calton have been a very nasty and not friendly contact in the cyberworld and that if heshe is the raw model i just dont what to be a part of it and youre protective approch is ununderstandible what is this why is it so important to protect this uncivil and totally sociopatic caracter 
0.45623258
suck

daniel hale williams ? the guy was a quadroon not a mulatto .
0.41647074
daniel hale williams the guy was a quadroon not a mulateo 
0.1696808
mulatto

