culture killers why on earth did you delete this page ??? it has not violated any rules and is under construction !!!
0.36895934
culture kilers why on earth did you delete this page it has not violated any rules and is under construction 
0.14168599
killers, kilers;

seselj excuse me do you know what is seselj judged for ? i watched most of the judging and they have not a single proof , until they prove it ( they never will , because he is a good man ) , i have right that he is my idol i don't insult anyone . there is also no proves for mladic so please explain me where do you find hate speech ? your excuses to attack my page are not good so i m returning them ( with some preparations ) , if you continue attacking my page i will note other administrators . i ' ll change boxes now , you tell me are they good or no , but don't delete them yourself with no reason .
0.24931702
seselj excuse me do you know what is seselj judged for i watched most of the judging and they have not a single proof until they prove it they never will because he is a good man i have right that he is my idol i dont insult anyone there is also no proves for mladic so please explain me where do you find hte speech your excuses to attack my page are not good so i m returning them with some preparations if you continue attacking my page i will note other administrators i ll change boxes now you tell me are they good or no but dont delete them yourself with no reason 
0.24729
hate, hte;

. feel free to silence the opposition with gestapo tactics though , goose-stepping all the way to pyongyang ! nah , i ought to be mauled by mexican flamers . good eugenics that is ; liberals have them abort themselves off the face of the planet , in the sake of progress and civilization
0.36110377
feel free to silence the opposition with gestapo tactics though goosestepping all the way to pyongyang nah i ought to be mauled by mexican flamers good eugenics that is liberals have them abort themselves off the ace of the planet in the sake of progress and civilization 
0.31657377
face, ace;

