:: yes , douche , but an article does have to be neutral . happyme22 has consistently been aggressiv in keeping the nancy reagan article skewed towards her favor . if you check that article's talk page , you will see several admissions by him that he is clearly in her favor , and that his edits to her article are aggressive in such a manner that there should be no question of his bias . that you ( and other adtiors/administrators ) have been so lax in blocking him for making non-npov edits to her articleonly goes to prove -again- that wikipedia is nothing more than a media manipulated brainwashing machine . fuck you , wikipedai , you just lost a user ever .
0.79815096
yes douche but an article does have to be neutral happyme22 has consistently been aggressiv in keeping the nancy reagan article skewed towards her favor if you check that articles talk page you will see several admissions by him that he is clearly in her favor and that his edits to her article are aggressive in such a manner that there should be no question of his bias that you and other adtiorsadministrators have been so lax in blocking him for making nonnpov edits to her articleonly goes to prove again that wikipedia is nothing more than a media manipulated brainwashing machine fuk you wikipedai you just lost a user ever 
0.71689904
fuck, fuk;

sunshine quit being such an asshole stating the facts of what actually appears in the finished film is not opinion or original research . are you on crack or just stupid ? be advised that an official complaint has now been filed about you with wikimedia .
0.7927366
sunshine quit being such an asshol stating the facts of what actually appears in the finished film is not opinion or original research are you on crack or just stupid be advised that an official complaint has now been filed about you with wikimedia 
0.54642147
asshole, asshol;

first off , you're no one to tell me what edit becsuse what i did to the text is display one thing , the truth ! i watched every second of that relaity program and what i mentioned in the updates are the facts ! you blatantly lied about stuff that happened on the show and suggested that john brown was this great rapper that everyone picked on ! you're full of shit just as much as john brown ! john brown is bullshit ! you don't like what i have to say here , go to hell where you belong . i came on here to lay out the truth because your description of the show is full of lies !!! thank goodness i have a good memeory because i just exposed you for the fraud you are , fool !
0.82697135
first off youre no one to tell me what edit becsuse what i did to the text is display one thing the truth i watched every second of that relaity program and what i mentioned in the updates are the facts you blatantly lied about stuff that happened on the show and suggested that john brown was this great rapper that everyone picked on youre full of shit just as much as john brown john brown is bullshit you dont like what i have to say here go to hell where you belong i came on here to lay out the truth because your description of the show is full of lies thank goodness i have a good memeory because i just exposed you for the fraud you are fol 
0.7811763
fool, fol;

why don't you go to hell , how's that fool ! i don't like liars !!! i hate liars !!! and if change this shit one more time , i will report your ass !!!!!!!!!!
0.96487355
why dont you go to hell hows that fool i dont like liars i hate liars and if change this shit one more time i will report your as 
0.9173488
ass, as;

