self-hating jew i think some of the current text of this article may have been stolen from the ( copyrighted ? ) ku klux klan encyclopedia entry for nigger lover . have a look .
0.5608244
selfhating jew i think some of the current text of this article may have been stolen from the copyrighted ku klux klan encyclopedia entry for niger lover have a look 
0.30468574
nigger, niger;

::::::: luke , you cannot possibly split explicit moderates and apathetic don't knows in half and claim them as self-identifying liberals . do you have any actual evidence for your ' most undecideds are intimidated liberals ' claim ? that's hogwash . most undecideds are , in fact , undecided ! the simple fact remains is that there are significantly more self-identifying conservatives in the us than there are self-identifying liberals . politicians understand that , and thus depending upon party either attack or run away from the explicit liberal label , especially in statewide and evenmoreso nationwide elections . are you claiming that this phenomenon has had no effect on the development and course of recent american liberalism , and is thus unworthy of mention here ? silly .
0.2551545
luke you cannot possibly split explicit moderates and apathetic dont knows in half and claim them as selfidentifying liberals do you have any actual evidence for your most undecideds are intimidated liberals claim thats hogwash most undecideds are in fact undecided the simple fact remains is that there are significantly more selfidentifying conservatives in the us than there are selfidentifying liberals politicians understand that and thus depending upon party either attack or run away from the explicit liberal label especially in statewide and evenmoreso nationwide elections are you claiming that this phenomenon has had no effect on the development and course of recent american liberalism and is thus unworthy of mention here sill 
0.12183061
silly, sill;

quit vandalizing the george bush page you stupid liberal .
0.9288833
quit vandalizing the george bush page you stpid liberal 
0.59001714
stupid, stpid;

u smell like a rat ctcher ? hey ! don't bluff me - i can edit or add-to-it it anytime i wanna , so u can delete again ! at least i give u some credits to win some pts , be thankful !
0.6270325
u smell like a ra ctcher hey dont bluff me i can edit or addtoit it anytime i wanna so u can delete again at least i give u some credits to win some pts be thankful 
0.43569696
rat, ra;

