ha ha ha im really getting a kick out of all of this you guys are so angry and would love to make me took bad , fantastic ! is it working out how you planned ? boy i hope so . ha ha ha !. my background is in graphic design and photography not art , which is more than i can say for the likes of you , and i have uploaded historic photos where appropriate , you must have been busy cleaning up the article ( ha ha ha ) and didnt notice what was right in front of you ... exactly the kind of person we need helping the article out . keep it coming if you like ... while your dying to find things im doing wrong im actually down there photographing our history being demolished . if you cant contribute , dont bitch .
0.59050304
ha ha ha im really getting a kick out of all of this you guys are so angry and would love to make me took bad fantastic is it working out how you planned boy i hope so ha ha ha my background is in graphic design and photography not art which is more than i can say for the likes of you and i have uploaded historic photos where appropriate you must have been busy cleaning up the article ha ha ha and didnt notice what was right in front of you exactly the kind of person we need helping the article out keep it coming if you like while your dying to find things im doing wrong im actually down there photographing our history being demolished if you cant contribute dont bich 
0.41398793
bitch ,bich ;

hey gwernol , yeah you're a schmuck face . that's what i thought . oh , also , i would like a sandwich . thanks . with cheese .
0.68455905
hey gwernol yeah youre a schmck face thats what i thought oh also i would like a sandwich thanks with cheese 
0.35633916
schmuck ,schmck ;

which one you faild the exams or the names ? i've heard that bulgarian women don't wash ... errr that's stinky smelling bad ..
0.7186989
which one you faild the exams or the names ive heard that bulgarian women dont wash errr thats stiky smelling bad 
0.48495254
stinky ,stiky ;

* fail . no witty jokes or comments . just fail . * yeah , characters have voices . not ats . * famitsu is reliable . they have brawl . they reviewed it . * it does deconfirm pichu , as peach's ac deconfirming daisy . * i don't know much about it , but the pictochat stage is said to me his stage , or some shit like that . dunno all the details . and why'd you skip the sora aprt ? is it because i'm right ? -
0.5640832
fail no witty jokes or comments just fail yeah characters have voices not ats famitsu is reliable they have brawl they reviewed it it does deconfirm pichu as peachs ac deconfirming daisy i dont know much about it but the pictochat stage is said to me his stage or some hit like that dunno all the details and whyd you skip the sora aprt is it because im right 
0.10567038
shit ,hit ;

