:::: you're ridiculous if you jump to conclusions like that . so don't . on their webpage they made an article about it . i'll try to find it if you are to narrow-minded to research your opponents ' websites yourself .
0.4838481
youre ridicuous if you jump to conclusions like that so dont on their webpage they made an article about it ill try to find it if you are to narrowminded to research your opponents websites yourself 
0.20308481
ridiculous, ridicuous;

fuck you , cunt !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! try these important things and maybe you won't be such a sucker motherfucker : 1 . learn how to spell . if things remain as they are , everyone is bound to consider you to be the ignorant lame-brained cult member you are . 2 . revert your attacks on van tucky on the talk pages . you come off as a vicious , vile psychopath . if you ever set your cult defending ass in a court of law , the jury would see through your charade in heartbeat . 3 . stop playing good cop- bad cop with your fucking retarded dahn hack forestgarden 4 . accept all korean language sources you stupid bitch !! how dare you try to stifle and censor articles in the name of your fucked up cult . your forestgarden bitch believes its within wiki policy to include korean language articles when reporting on favorable aspects of your bitch master . why don't you include all the other more negative portrayals in the korean language . also , who said this itsahappyday fuckhead deserves to translate any korean ? this should all be disputed , you fucking racist , neo-nazi reject ? 5 . stop using the word cynical to describe your enemies . you come off even more retarded than your ilchee bitch master . your philosophical maturity is less than that of a first grader . the world is cynical . those who don't believe in dahn are cynical . i can't wait until south park makes an episode about your bitch cult . 6 . are you fucking insane ? korea is the center of the universe ? korea as a cultural hub ? korea the place where the next messiah appears ? you dahn people never cease to amaze when it comes to your thought processes . korea is not what your ilchee bitch believes it to be . think about it retard- the fucking nation of palau has more of a right to talk about religious heritage than the fucking hermit kingdom . how can you be so retarded , that you choose a korean cult ? if you chose a chinese or indian one , at least it would show you have some portion of a brain . coming to korea and joining a korean cult with korea-centric views is more retarded than travelling to antartica in search of good coffee while visiting columbia in search of ice and snow . 7 . one more time : the philosophical underpinnings of your shit cult are so flimsy i must question your intelligence . 8 . nicola cola ... what kind of bitch ass name is that ? what is wrong with you ? and you wonder why you need to join a fucked up cult to find friendship and loving . dumb fuck !!!!!!
0.9685638
fcuk you cunt try these important things and maybe you wont be such a sucker motherfucker 1 learn how to spell if things remain as they are everyone is bound to consider you to be the ignorant lamebrained cult member you are 2 revert your attacks on van tucky on the talk pages you come off as a vicious vile psychopath if you ever set your cult defending ass in a court of law the jury would see through your charade in heartbeat 3 stop playing good cop bad cop with your fucking retarded dahn hack forestgarden 4 accept all korean language sources you stupid bitch how dare you try to stifle and censor articles in the name of your fucked up cult your forestgarden bitch believes its within wiki policy to include korean language articles when reporting on favorable aspects of your bitch master why dont you include all the other more negative portrayals in the korean language also who said this itsahappyday fuckhead deserves to translate any korean this should all be disputed you fucking racist neonazi reject 5 stop using the word cynical to describe your enemies you come off even more retarded than your ilchee bitch master your philosophical maturity is less than that of a first grader the world is cynical those who dont believe in dahn are cynical i cant wait until south park makes an episode about your bitch cult 6 are you fucking insane korea is the center of the universe korea as a cultural hub korea the place where the next messiah appears you dahn people never cease to amaze when it comes to your thought processes korea is not what your ilchee bitch believes it to be think about it retard the fucking nation of palau has more of a right to talk about religious heritage than the fucking hermit kingdom how can you be so retarded that you choose a korean cult if you chose a chinese or indian one at least it would show you have some portion of a brain coming to korea and joining a korean cult with koreacentric views is more retarded than travelling to antartica in search of good coffee while visiting columbia in search of ice and snow 7 one more time the philosophical underpinnings of your shit cult are so flimsy i must question your intelligence 8 nicola cola what kind of bitch ass name is that what is wrong with you and you wonder why you need to join a fucked up cult to find friendship and loving dumb uck 
0.9262196
fuck, fcuk;

dumbie-brain-head i am evil !!! mwahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha !!!!!!!! p.s. you stink !
0.8676307
dumbiebrainhead i am evil mwahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha ps you stik 
0.68976444
stink, stik;

