fuck you hey fuck you , who the fuck checks phnom nam lyr wildlife sanctuary for vandalism . get a fucking life you turd bag
0.9873467
fuqck you hey fucsk you who the fuc checks phnom nam lyr wildlife sanctuary for vandalism get a fucking life you turd bag 
0.9712974
fuck, fuqck;

i can not believe that i got into husonds evil trap again , how smart ! just because those people were in favor does not mean that i created them and sock puppeting or whatever was the reason . i posted several post on the caucasus forum and asked people to express their opinion . to do that they created an account and they were accused of sock puppeting . the only proof was that all of them had posted on the european forum only and therefore were sock puppets . ofcourse they did not post on anything else as they were not the regular users and even if they wanted to post on something else , they could not because they were blocked immediately ! there were other people who were in favor of those changes . stop making me look like i am stupid . if i wanted sock puppeting i would somehow wait a little and make them edit completely different articles . i'am not as naive as some of the people in here might think or might want me to be . :: after i was blocked , completely everything was reverted , even what was made under concensus which signifies that some user in here could not wait to ban me in order to implement their evil and biased plans on this website who they thinks belongs to them and several others , and do things like european portion population that god knows where they took from and they dont even count it as a flaw . double standards ... now i know that it is better to break your head , than to break your name '' because who will believe a silly student like me after me trying to make someone look european ..... they will always believe husond ( a proud european ) and the likes . thanks god that they are so powerful only in wikipedia and have different worthless awards . they dont have a real knowledge about real life .... when he was making up those european portion numbers under some unexisting consensus , he was very active , where is he now ???! why does not he do anything to fix it ? banning me is not gonna fix it is it ? but he likes it because everything will be the way he wants it , and who cares if its wrong . ( except several people like tomeasy and etc . ) husond - your reign is over . you may ban whoever or whatever you want ... it is not gonna help , the problem is still here and the problem is created artificially by people like you , who dont like the truth . shameful ....
0.3867502
i can not believe that i got into husonds evil trap again how smart just because those people were in favor does not mean that i created them and sock puppeting or whatever was the reason i posted several post on the caucasus forum and asked people to express their opinion to do that they created an account and they were accused of sock puppeting the only proof was that all of them had posted on the european forum only and therefore were sock puppets ofcourse they did not post on anything else as they were not the regular users and even if they wanted to post on something else they could not because they were blocked immediately there were other people who were in favor of those changes stop making me look like i am stuid if i wanted sock puppeting i would somehow wait a little and make them edit completely different articles iam not as naive as some of the people in here might think or might want me to be after i was blocked completely everything was reverted even what was made under concensus which signifies that some user in here could not wait to ban me in order to implement their evil and biased plans on this website who they thinks belongs to them and several others and do things like european portion population that god knows where they took from and they dont even count it as a flaw double standards now i know that it is better to break your head than to break your name because who will believe a silly student like me after me trying to make someone look european they will always believe husond a proud european and the likes thanks god that they are so powerful only in wikipedia and have different worthless awards they dont have a real knowledge about real life when he was making up those european portion numbers under some unexisting consensus he was very active where is he now why does not he do anything to fix it banning me is not gonna fix it is it but he likes it because everything will be the way he wants it and who cares if its wrong except several people like tomeasy and etc husond your reign is over you may ban whoever or whatever you want it is not gonna help the problem is still here and the problem is created artificially by people like you who dont like the truth shameful 
0.3057763
stupid, stuid;

