hey jingiby you hate turkic people because you are a racist slavic bulgarian ... but you hate your turkic ancestries ... everybody hate you , racist pig !!
0.96191525
hey jingiby you hate turkic people because you are a racist slavic bulgarian but you hate your turkic ancestries everybody hate you racist ig 
0.90700173
pig, ig;

double you tee eff as you can probably tell by now , i am sort of new at using wikipedia . i just noticed on almost every talk page i have talked on , you have chosen to talk back as well . are you watching this account or something ? do you like dog fighting ? do you like sports ? do you like professional sports ? do you realize that i can suggest you to do things by editing talk pages ? do you like spending so much time on the internet ? wouldn't your time be better spent writing articles about things you understand or care about , rather than following me ? errr ... i know my time would be better spent not responding to you .
0.28936505
double you tee ef as you can probably tell by now i am sort of new at using wikipedia i just noticed on almost every talk page i have talked on you have chosen to talk back as well are you watching this account or something do you like dog fighting do you like sports do you like professional sports do you realize that i can suggest you to do things by editing talk pages do you like spending so much time on the internet wouldnt your time be better spent writing articles about things you understand or care about rather than following me errr i know my time would be better spent not responding to you 
0.2072065
eff, ef;

to bongwarrior , listen you fuckface , maybe you should get a fucking life , lose some fucking weight , stop doing drugs in your mother fucking basement , and go outside . i know its been years , and it was too hard to have social interactions like college , but you shouldnt have sacrificed your education because your a fat douchebag that no one can stand and everyone makes fun of . i hope your house burns down and all your comics and fucking action figures go down with it you worthless piece of shit
0.942038
to bongwarrior listen you fuckface maybe you should get a fukcing life lose some lfucking weight stop doing drugs in your mother fukcing basement and go outside i know its been years and it was too hard to have social interactions like college but you shouldnt have sacrificed your education because your a fat douchebag that no one can stand and everyone makes fun of i hope your house burns down and all your comics and ucking action figures go down with it you worthless piece of shit 
0.90900606
fucking, fukcing;

long as in you're a faggoty jew .
0.75486815
long as in youre a faggoy jew 
0.7280358
faggoty, faggoy;

