hello liberal maggot part two censorship will not make me go away ... thanks to you , rob , i am now using my influence , to undermine the crediablity of wikipedidiots , like you , and wikipedia . to bad you don't want to acknowledge the fact that you and your kind are ignorant , knuckle dragging , cyberthugs . your shadow joe .
0.73084027
hello liberal maggot part two censorship will not make me go away thanks to you rob i am now using my influence to undermine the crediablity of wikipedidiots like you and wikipedia to bad you dont want to acknowledge the fact that you and your kind are ignorat knuckle dragging cyberthugs your shadow joe 
0.7096548
ignorant ,ignorat ;

hello liberal maggot part two a censorship will not make me go away ... thanks to you , rob , i am now using my influence , to undermine the crediablity of wikipedidiots , like you , and wikipedia . to bad you don't want to acknowledge the fact that you and your kind are ignorant , knuckle dragging , cyberthugs . your shadow joe . ps my grudge with is now with wikipeida and it's miscreant operators ... it's now beyond politics , it's personal now .
0.7275983
hello liberal maggot part two a censorship will not make me go away thanks to you rob i am now using my influence to undermine the crediablity of wikipedidiots like you and wikipedia to bad you dont want to acknowledge the fact that you and your kind are ignornt knuckle dragging cyberthugs your shadow joe ps my grudge with is now with wikipeida and its miscreant operators its now beyond politics its personal now 
0.7152231
ignorant ,ignornt ;

lesbian teenager how about the fact she was a lesbian in her teenaged years ? thats important isnt it ? ignorant fundy how about saying the fact shes an ignorant fundy , thinks the world is 6000 years old and pretends evolution is not real ?
0.5798449
lesbian teenager how about the fact she was a lesbian in her teenaged years thats important isnt it ignorantp fundy how about saying the fact shes an ignorat fundy thinks the world is 6000 years old and pretends evolution is not real 
0.25950393
ignorant ,ignorantp ;

