dude , you're not consistant . anyone following your edits can see you only remove them on some articles ( white-related ) and not others where those same statements are made . very silly , but don't reply . i have no need to talk to you or hear any excuses . lame !
0.5681767
dude youre not consistant anyone following your edits can see you only remove them on some articles whiterelated and not others where those same statements are made very slly but dont reply i have no need to talk to you or hear any excuses lame 
0.3545971
silly ,slly ;

red hat ferrick understand something never assume because you make an ass-out of-u and-me o.k. ? i already knew about the moluccas/ternate and tidore islands , these were actually the fabled spice islands . they however lasted very short in the spanish colonial enterprise . also we are not discussing the indochina issue in this section if you didnt see it is above . im not going to discuss that issue with you here .
0.5060904
red at ferrick understand something never assume because you make an assout ofu andme ok i already knew about the moluccasternate and tidore islands these were actually the fabled spice islands they however lasted very short in the spanish colonial enterprise also we are not discussing the indochina issue in this section if you didnt see it is above im not going to discuss that issue with you here 
0.09983837
hat ,at ;

really i can't stop thinking of how much of a douche you are . you aren't a good editor . all you do is revert stuff that doesn't meet up to your standards . you don't have ownership over the chinese democracy article so stop being a prick and reverting everything . you are such a dildouche . i really don't care what the wikipedia editors do to my account , suspend it if you want , i don't care i just think it needs to be said that your act gets pretty old
0.5616328
really i cant stop thinking of how much of a douche you are you arent a good editor all you do is revert stuff that doesnt meet up to your standards you dont have ownership over the chinese democracy article so stop being a rick and reverting everything you are such a dildouche i really dont care what the wikipedia editors do to my account suspend it if you want i dont care i just think it needs to be said that your act gets pretty old 
0.5013347
prick ,rick ;

