veritas ( that's latin for truth boys and girls ) before the next one of you redneck fuckwits ' corrects ' my inclusion of fair and informative photographs ( most of which were taken by members of the us military , all of which have endlessly appeared in international news media , and none of which anyone is claiming to be fake - correct me if i'm wrong on this-) , answer me the following : if the wings sheared off on impact , where are they in the photographs ? ( and if anybody starts talking about airliner ' vaporisation ' on here , then wikipedia is already worthless and i am wasting my time . its like a film trailer : from the people who brought you the magic bullet and wmds , comes a story beyond all rationality . ) if the plane hit the ground before impact , why is the lawn unmarked ? a 757 impact is either : ( a ) strong enough to bring down a steel reinforced world trade centre or : ( b ) not even strong enough to create more than a 9 metre hole in three concrete sections of the pentagon . ( i'll give you a clue , both these things cannot be true ) but go on , dismiss me as a nutcase , censor me in the name of free speech , live in your safe little world , and bomb iran for more oil . the first thing hitler did when he gained power was firebomb the riechstag and blame it on the jews . you fucking morons .
0.8151604
veritas thats latin for truth boys and girls before the next one of you redneck fuckwits corrects my inclusion of fair and informative photographs most of which were taken by members of the us military all of which have endlessly appeared in international news media and none of which anyone is claiming to be fake correct me if im wrong on this answer me the following if the wings sheared off on impact where are they in the photographs and if anybody starts talking about airliner vaporisation on here then wikipedia is already worthless and i am wasting my time its like a film trailer from the people who brought you the magic bullet and wmds comes a story beyond all rationality if the plane hit the ground before impact why is the lawn unmarked a 757 impact is either a strong enough to bring down a steel reinforced world trade centre or b not even strong enough to create more than a 9 metre hole in three concrete sections of the pentagon ill give you a clue both these things cannot be true but go on dismiss me as a nutcase censor me in the name of free speech live in your safe little world and bomb iran for more oil the first thing hitler did when he gained power was firebomb the riechstag and blame it on the jews you fuckng morons 
0.6130256
fucking, fuckng;

connor is a canadian citizen who loves life and the cock . he dreams about 3 ft . long shlongs and can't get enough of that shit . while in cuba , he hooked up with a 2 ft . midget in a giant condom costume drenched in olive oil . 3 hrs . later connor realized the midget was actually a tree stump . 3 hrs . later he finished up . then he called up marcus ray and told him about the story of the mad tree stump bonanza . marcus was so intreged that they started their own fat porn business . 3 weeks into the shoot of their first motion picture slap the lake and ride the wave , connor developed hiv aids and syphilis . marcus was so turned on by this perdicament that they made passionate love . will marcus get aids ? tune in next time , same bat time , same bat channel ... bitches .
0.81097245
connor is a canadian citizen who loves life and the cock he dreams about 3 ft long shlongs and cant get enough of that hit while in cuba he hooked up with a 2 ft midget in a giant condom costume drenched in olive oil 3 hrs later connor realized the midget was actually a tree stump 3 hrs later he finished up then he called up marcus ray and told him about the story of the mad tree stump bonanza marcus was so intreged that they started their own fat porn business 3 weeks into the shoot of their first motion picture slap the lake and ride the wave connor developed hiv aids and syphilis marcus was so turned on by this perdicament that they made passionate love will marcus get aids tune in next time same bat time same bat channel bitches 
0.76303947
shit, hit;

hey how ya doin fuck face ? did u think you were safe ? huh ? did ya ? skank ? you are a ho . you need death , and nothing else . i really dislike your existance . i think that you are a piece of shit . i will come to your home , and kill you , and any other man-lover you have hiding there . you should perish you skank . you are more worthless than the dog shit in the backyard . if you think that you can come get me , as god as my witness i will conduct a crusade against your kind . why the fuck would you change the lci food fight article ? i really hope you die in a hole somewhere . i will continue to come back , until you fucking rot in hell ! you are no longer needed on earth , or wikipedia , so make like the homosexual you are , and anal fuck yourself until you drown in a cesspool of your own bodily fluids . i really hope you perish soon . end your life any way you want , here are some starting ideas : hang yourself , shoot yourself in the head with a shotgun , whatever you wish ! hell , even light yourself on fire and hang yourself . just dont make too much of a mess , as no one will want to spend that much time on a worthless piece of shit like you . go die . commit suicide . terminate your existance . all of the above . that would make me happy . i hope to god that you end your life by tomorrow , or even do it in the sunrise . when i get blocked for this , i will know that you read it . thank you , you are no longer needed- -thank you , management . ( god )
0.95169705
hey how ya doin fuck face did u think you were safe huh did ya skank you are a ho you need death and nothing else i really dislike your existance i think that you are a piece of shit i will come to your home and kill you and any other manlover you have hiding there you should perish you skank you are more worthless than the dog shit in the backyard if you think that you can come get me as god as my witness i will conduct a crusade against your kind why the fuck would you change the lci food fight article i really hope you die in a hole somewhere i will continue to come back until you ucking rot in hell you are no longer needed on earth or wikipedia so make like the homosexual you are and anal fuck yourself until you drown in a cesspool of your own bodily fluids i really hope you perish soon end your life any way you want here are some starting ideas hang yourself shoot yourself in the head with a shotgun whatever you wish hell even light yourself on fire and hang yourself just dont make too much of a mess as no one will want to spend that much time on a worthless piece of shit like you go die commit suicide terminate your existance all of the above that would make me happy i hope to god that you end your life by tomorrow or even do it in the sunrise when i get blocked for this i will know that you read it thank you you are no longer needed thank you management god 
0.93541354
fucking, ucking;

