vinny burgoo suspected sock puppet are you ever going to withdraw this accusation ? it's currently the second hit with a google search with ' vinny burgoo ' ( my one and only online identity for nearly ten years ) and it's wholly bogus . someone posted something in support of something very stupid i had done at wiktionary ( i called a serial wiki tyrant a ' c**t ' after he had unambiguously broken wiki's rules , then i compounded this by threatening him in what i thought at the time to be a transparently jocular manner , but wasn't ) and this ' supporter ' was assumed to be me using another identity and another ip trying to get around a temporary block . i still use wikipedia a lot but have no interest whatsoever in editing it ever again , so by all means say that i was blocked for disruptive editing ( guilty : i got fed up with the lot of you ) or whatever else i was accused of before this puppeteer nonsense was settled on ( the crime kept changing ) but i'm not happy with what you currently show . take it down or else . a genuine threat this time ? we'll see .
0.4776781
vinny burgoo suspected sock puppet are you ever going to withdraw this accusation its currently the second hit with a google search with vinny burgoo my one and only online identity for nearly ten years and its wholly bogus someone posted something in support of something very stupd i had done at wiktionary i called a serial wiki tyrant a ct after he had unambiguously broken wikis rules then i compounded this by threatening him in what i thought at the time to be a transparently jocular manner but wasnt and this supporter was assumed to be me using another identity and another ip trying to get around a temporary block i still use wikipedia a lot but have no interest whatsoever in editing it ever again so by all means say that i was blocked for disruptive editing guilty i got fed up with the lot of you or whatever else i was accused of before this puppeteer nonsense was settled on the crime kept changing but im not happy with what you currently show take it down or else a genuine threat this time well see 
0.23867929
stupid ,stupd ;

lia ! you lie . nyanpire might not be a boy , but you unregistered user , are one big b**ch !
0.7401631
lia you lie nyanpire might not be a boy but you unregistered user are one ig bch 
0.37622318
big ,ig ;

