liar this guy is such a thief and a liar ! he should be quartered !
0.92894524
lar this guy is such a thief and a lar he should be quartered 
0.83387655
liar, lar;

: how the heck did bishonen get on that list ? i haven't talked to her for weeks . in fact , i had forgotten about her since her nomination . it looks to me like she was just responding to your rallying cry on irc only because she knew who i was , not because she thought i needed any arbitration with her . and holy shit , those guys dug far back into some archives to find some comments and take them out of context . talk about obsessive . : in any case , i'll be laughing when your evidence gets blown out of the water , especially considering that you are a rabid pov violator . i especially love the 10k hits are not notable in the slightest as being immature . i'm really curious which part of that was immature , was it the slightest at the end ? -
0.5846563
how the heck did bishonen get on that list i havent talked to her for weeks in fact i had forgotten about her since her nomination it looks to me like she was just responding to your rallying cry on irc only because she knew who i was not because she thought i needed any arbitration with her and holy hit those guys dug far back into some archives to find some comments and take them out of context talk about obsessive in any case ill be laughing when your evidence gets blown out of the water especially considering that you are a rabid pov violator i especially love the 10k hits are not notable in the slightest as being immature im really curious which part of that was immature was it the slightest at the end 
0.3921866
shit, hit;

survey says , chanting fox is idiotic , you people are to be held at a higher level and should just block some one and not make smart ass nazi comments . you people just delete what you dont like , mostly things that make you look stupid , and you people wouldn't stand a chance on an un-edited format . george w . bush is one of the greatist presidents ever !
0.83474076
survey says chanting fox is iiotic you people are to be held at a higher level and should just block some one and not make smart ass nazi comments you people just delete what you dont like mostly things that make you look stupid and you people wouldnt stand a chance on an unedited format george w bush is one of the greatist presidents ever 
0.8140764
idiotic, iiotic;

