hey static , piss off because i provided proof with a link now stop changing every single edit i make you little fairy .
0.66338515
hey static pis off because i provided proof with a link now stop changing every single edit i make you little fairy 
0.36986327
piss ,pis ;

hell with these sources and policies . ymblanter blamed me various times . and you are blaming me again ? i am telling you why these persons are merciless and rude ? you told me rudely , making me angry . don't you know my anger , if my temper grows , i am also hacking some website , so i will hack your wikipedia in fb . understand , i am telling them many times to fix and re-correct the wikipedia mistakes , false glosses and explanations and shits . so who the hell you can't fix the wikipedia . i want to re-correct some pages by editing and solve the incorrect wikipedia . understand ? peridon ?
0.64521056
hell with these sources and policies ymblanter blamed me various times and you are blaming me again i am telling you why these persons are merciless and rude you told me rudely making me angry dont you know my anger if my temper grows i am also hacking some website so i will hack your wikipedia in fb understand i am telling them many times to fix and recorrect the wikipedia mistakes false glosses and explanations and shts so who the hell you cant fix the wikipedia i want to recorrect some pages by editing and solve the incorrect wikipedia understand peridon 
0.5836607
shits ,shts ;

what idiot gave this troll rollback privileges anyway ? his editing history clearly indicates this account is an spi on this site for trolling and article maintenance of linux articles he is involved in . this account is being used by groklaw it appears and is some sort of paid editing .
0.5545746
what idot gave this troll rollback privileges anyway his editing history clearly indicates this account is an spi on this site for trolling and article maintenance of linux articles he is involved in this account is being used by groklaw it appears and is some sort of paid editing 
0.20346366
idiot ,idot ;

