: turks are wild subhumans . you're animal .
0.87524647
turks are wild sbhumans youre animal 
0.7329428
subhumans ,sbhumans ;

a big , fat , so what ? anything to do with the cfl . no one cares . so what . not relevant . also this multi-national american football angle deserves a big , fat yawn and another so what . we know who bud grant is , we know who the minnesota vikings are , and there's only one football league on the planet , and it's not the pimple-faced cfl . and nothing anyone has ever done in the cfl merits any notice whatsoever , most particularly diluting the great contributions of this great man to a great team . all that other trash is a distraction away from what's important , and subordinates the significance of the man , the team and the game to a whole bunch of irrelevant people that don't care anyways . this is what happens when ivory-towered ( and foreign ) academics write articles they have no connection to . any 8th grade minnesota drop-out understands who bud grant is and why he's significant , however international egg-heads might get the impression that this is a refined and polite sport played to illustrate the deep and shared spiritual values between the united states and our irrelevant neighbors to the north , instead of smash-mouth warfare on an american gridiron managed by giants like bud grant . you can take your international , touchie-feelie , swami-guru political correctness and stuff it .
0.267686
a big fta so what anything to do with the cfl no one cares so what not relevant also this multinational american football angle deserves a big ft yawn and another so what we know who bud grant is we know who the minnesota vikings are and theres only one football league on the planet and its not the pimplefaced cfl and nothing anyone has ever done in the cfl merits any notice whatsoever most particularly diluting the great contributions of this great man to a great team all that other trash is a distraction away from whats important and subordinates the significance of the man the team and the game to a whole bunch of irrelevant people that dont care anyways this is what happens when ivorytowered and foreign academics write articles they have no connection to any 8th grade minnesota dropout understands who bud grant is and why hes significant however international eggheads might get the impression that this is a refined and polite sport played to illustrate the deep and shared spiritual values between the united states and our irrelevant neighbors to the north instead of smashmouth warfare on an american gridiron managed by giants like bud grant you can take your international touchiefeelie swamiguru political correctness and stuff it 
0.23746458
fat ,fta ;

