what does pretty lou do ? mr. cheeks is the main mc , freaky ty is the hypeman , spigg nice is the dj , what the hell does pretty lou do ? his only contribution to any album is on the legal drug money where he say's talik what's up my man , and he's not even rapping it he just says it on a song , seems like he was really there to just be pretty lol .
0.4089479
what does pretty lou do mr cheeks is the main mc freaky ty is the hypeman spigg nice is the dj what the hll does pretty lou do his only contribution to any album is on the legal drug money where he says talik whats up my man and hes not even rapping it he just says it on a song seems like he was really there to just be pretty lol 
0.25140613
hell, hll;

hitler is an asshole .
0.96685845
hitler is an asshol 
0.7803607
asshole, asshol;

get yourself a shrink and stop waisting our time , all this is irelevant and nobody pays attention to this bs . i am just soory for this situation , seems patherthic . i my opinion you should not waste more time and if you are not happy just move on and forget . wikipedia is not a place for revenge or anything like that , did you ever contacted patrick buri to find out what he thinks with this ? or are you just here to attack this person . ? do you know him ? i found his web site company and will eventually look for his email ... for sure this conversation , wy do you want absolutely go after this gus ? do you want to start a personal vendeta against him . ? in europe he is really well know as big financial guru , so you should maybe watch your steps and comments . !
0.29559332
get yourself a shrink and stop waisting our time all this is irelevant and nobody pays attention to this bs i am just soory for this situation seems patherthic i my opinion you should not waste more time and if you are not happy just move on and forget wikipedia is not a place for revenge or anything like that did you ever contacted patrick buri to find out what he thinks with this or are you just here to attack this person do you know him i found his web site company and will eventually lok for his email for sure this conversation wy do you want absolutely go after this gus do you want to start a personal vendeta against him in europe he is really well know as big financial guru so you should maybe watch your steps and comments 
0.28200436
look, lok;

i give up - complex legalese arguments are useless on the ignorant
0.690467
i give up complex legalese arguments are useless on the ignoran 
0.41442424
ignorant, ignoran;

