i'll stick it in you i'll stick my penis in your ass , wiggle it around and say boom , your a big fat cunt . i'm reporting you to that norman guy . looks like its a trip to penistown for you . but don't worry . you can fly from dublin airport to penistown with penis airways . vandalism i tried to remove the vandalism from your page , but then i realised you were a big fat cunt . so i decided not to . enjoy your trip to penistown . just to confirm you can fly there from dublin . penis airways this is bob dick , the ceo of penis airways . just wishing you a pleasant flight with us . i believe you're flying on our new service to penistown international from dublin . enjoy it . although i have to warn you that some penisians are a bit funny around big fat cunts . penistown i've been told you'll shorlty be visiting penistown . you must drop in for tea . although i must ask that you lose some weight first . you big fat cunt ! accident at dublin airport there has been an accident at dublin airport . a penis airways airbus a330 , travelling to penistown , crashed into a delta air lines boeing 767 , which was getting ready to depart dublin for orlando . 744,192 people have died , making it the worst air transport accident in the world ever ! but dont worry . i'm sure penis airways will have another aircraft ready for your flight to penistown . you big fat cunt !
0.8580656
ill stick it in you ill stick my henis in your ass wiggle it around and say boom your a big fat cunt im reporting you to that norman guy looks like its a trip to penistown for you but dont worry you can fly from dublin airport to penistown with penzis airways vandalism i tried to remove the vandalism from your page but then i realised you were a big fat cunt so i decided not to enjoy your trip to penistown just to confirm you can fly there from dublin penss airways this is bob dick the ceo of p e n i s airways just wishing you a pleasant flight with us i believe youre flying on our new service to penistown international from dublin enjoy it although i have to warn you that some penisians are a bit funny around big fat cunts penistown ive been told youll shorlty be visiting penistown you must drop in for tea although i must ask that you lose some weight first you big fat cunt accident at dublin airport there has been an accident at dublin airport a penns airways airbus a330 travelling to penistown crashed into a delta air lines boeing 767 which was getting ready to depart dublin for orlando 744192 people have died making it the worst air transport accident in the world ever but dont worry im sure pens airways will have another aircraft ready for your flight to penistown you big fat cunt 
0.76405954
penis, henis;

so now we r toast ha ha so were toast r we mmmm ... no were not and we will make free toast pages untill they will stay there ! you make me sick you evil person
0.7964182
so now we r toast ha ha so were toast r we mmmm no were not and we will make free toast pages untill they will stay there you make me sck you evil person 
0.67272806
sick, sck;

