::: if a third party asks me to fully express my pov , i'd be more than welcome to do so . the user i reported did in fact violate 3rr , and that's what the 3rr reporting page is for .
0.06528872
if a third party asks me to fully express my pov id be more than welcome to do so the user i reported did in fact vioate 3rr and thats what the 3rr reporting page is for 
0.05283461
violate

:: this article isn't about religion , it's about persecution . whether an atrocity is founded in scripture or practice doesn't matter . anyway , in most religions , scripture doesn't necessarily dictate religious practice , that's not even the case with religions that have more literalist approaches to religious life , such as islam . many things muslims do as a practice of religion are outside of the qur'an . i imagine the same is true for hinduism . anyway , we don't have the authority to go into that level of analysis . if we had to contrast what a source says regarding what's ' religiously sanctioned ' , against actual scripture , we'd be engaging in original research . we'd be pretending that we're religious scholars . i found a reliable source that said something , and i edited accordingly . because of all the wikilawyering here , i'm having to almost quote my sources without violation copyright . the source called it ' religiously sanctioned ' , and that's the phrase i used . i'm open to any mediation , btw , if mediation leads to enforceable actions and presumes that wp policy actually matters .
0.07581196
this article isnt about religion its about persecution whether an atrocity is founded in scripture or practice doesnt matter anyway in most religions scripture doesnt necessarily dictate religious practice thats not even the case with religions that have more literalist approaches to religious life such as islam many things muslims do as a practice of religion are outside of the quran i imagine the same is true for hinduism anyway we dont have the authority to go into that level of analysis if we had to contrast what a source says regarding whats religiously sancvioned against actual scripture wed be engaging in original research wed be pretending that were religious scholars i found a reliable source that said something and i edited accordingly because of all the wikilawyering here im having to almost quote my sources without violation copyright the source called it religiously sactioned and thats the phrase i used im open to any mediation btw if mediation leads to enforceable actions and presumes that wp policy actually matters 
0.051234473
sanctioned

: exactly ! just because you have a limitted understanding of the theory of evvolution that doesnt meant that everyone else does . there are so many caussal relatoinships between the darviwn wards and the theoryo f evolution by naturalselectin
0.15686023
exactly just because you have a limitted understanding of the theory of evolution that doesnt meant that everyone else does there are so many caussal relatoinships between the darviwn wards and the theoryo f evolution by naturalselectin 
0.111456126
evvolution

= = rose , where are you ? = = i need to know where is the queue to marry rose !
0.05528868
rose where re you i need to know where is the queue to marry rose 
0.03429304
are

}} {{ unblock|you are reading the wrong ani entry , that's for a previous block . please refrain from responding until you're familiar with the issue at hand . rama's arrow is selectively applying blocks to members on one side of a large edit conflict . a cursory look at the conflict would show you that the other side is engaged in vandalism to promote an extremist pov .
0.096732765
unblockyou are reading the wrong ani entry thats for a previous block please refrain from responding until youre familiar with the issue at hand ramas arrow is selectively applying blocks to members on one side of a large edit conflict a cursory look at the conflict would show you that the other side is engaged in vandalim to promote an extremist pov 
0.07094978
vandalism

: first you tell me that i must stop commenting on my blog , and that others have been blocked it . then you quote a wp policy saying an editor may not be directly penalized for off-wiki attacks . which is it ? both , i guess . wp admins violate their own rules when they penalize people , i guess . : yes , i did say that darwinism is used by the scientific community , and i gave a source to prove it . maybe you are just agreeing with me , i'm not sure . : i don't know why you say that it is unacceptable to say , apparently feloniousmonk believes that it is pseudoscience to reappraise the evidence . isn't that his position ? hasn't he made edits to the j . wells biography in order to push that pov ? if that is not his position , then what is ? : all i am doing here is throwing a little light on how some of these wp evolution-related articles are edited . you appear to be just trying to whitewash what feloniousmonk and others are doing . there is no wp policy against me explaining some wp edits .
0.13979024
first you tell me that i must stop commenting on my blog and that others have been blocked it then you quote a wp policy saying an editor may not be directly penalized for offwiki attacks which is it both i guess wp admins vilate their own rules when they penalize people i guess yes i did say that darwinism is used by the scientific community and i gave a source to prove it maybe you are just agreeing with me im not sure i dont know why you say that it is unacceptable to say apparently feloniousmonk believes that it is pseudoscience to reappraise the evidence isnt that his position hasnt he made edits to the j wells biography in order to push that pov if that is not his position then what is all i am doing here is throwing a little light on how some of these wp evolutionrelated articles are edited you appear to be just trying to whitewash what feloniousmonk and others are doing there is no wp policy against me explaining some wp edits 
0.11495962
violate

:::: arbiters agreed that my sources were good . they included the new york post , a fide site , chess today , and chessbase . and plenty of people now are talking about how widespread the rumors were in the first place . the arbiters also cautioned you about making edits on topics you know nothing about ( i.e. grammar ) , and they only penalized me for insulting you . in fact , this was the only point where they agreed with you . they said that i treated you with open contempt . so i won't do that anymore . if you read closely , i said that i don't regard you to be a blight on wikipedia , a mental degenerate , incapable of lucid reasoning , or incapable of language use . i'm sure you read that just fine , since i know that you are a good reader . no sarcasm intended . i really do believe that you're a good reader . and i don't not think that you're not an imbecilic , drivelling , small-minded moron incapable of distinguishing between opinion and fact . that's exactly what i don't not think that you're not .
0.46560982
arbiters agreed that my sources were good they included the new york post a fide site chess today and chessbase and plenty of people now are talking about how widespread the rumors were in the first place the arbiters also cautioned you about making edits on topics you know nothing about ie grammar and they only penalized me for insulting you in fact this was the only point where they agreed with you they said that i treated you with open contempt so i wont do that anymore if you read closely i said that i dont regard you to be a blight on wikipedia a mental degenerate incapable of lucid reasoning or incapable of language use im sure you read that just fine since i know that you are a good reader no sarcasm intended i really do believe that youre a good reader and i dont not think that youre not an imbeciic drivelling smallminded moron incapable of distinguishing between opinion and fact thats exactly what i dont not think that youre not 
0.3674364
imbecilic

= = vandalism = = there's been some vandalism on this article . thought i'd bring this to people's attention .
0.22891651
vpndalism theres been some vandalsm on this article thought id bring this to peoples attention 
0.12406755
vandalism

= = name change = = = = = arichitecture project = = = * architecture also deals with structural engineering , and many structural engineering articles are in the scope of architecture ( normally ) , and because there is no sepreate project for structural engineering , thus the rename . * we have more than 2000 articles not assessed . isn't that bad ? * : this is in comparision to : from : wikipedia : wikiproject_molecular_and_cellular_biology = = = my contributions = = = i have contributed to this project by : sill_plate , platform_framing and many more edits in other articles . = = = more wikiprojects = = = if we make more and more wikiprojects it will end up here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:inactive_wikiprojects but i am very interested in creating a wikiproject that deals with creating articles regarding the companies that supply construction products & materials . however creating an assesment box like the one above is very hard . for example the wikipedia : wikiproject_urban_studies_and_planning doesnt have an assesment box . i recently was involved in creating the wikiproject dentistry assesment box see here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/user_talk:dozenist#bot_to_update_articles.3f :: furthermore the bigger and more organized the project is , it can bring so many articles to fa status , and lots of main page attention ; have you noticed recently that in every few days there is an article on the main page which is related to india ? wikipedia : wikiproject_india . ( plus in their project they have admin participants ) .
0.024958465
name change arichitecture project architecture also deals with structural engineering and many structural engineering articles are in the scope of architecture normally and because there is no sepreate project for structural engineering thus the rename we have more than 2000 articles not assessed isnt that ba this is in comparision to from wikipedia wikiprojectmolecularandcellularbiology my contributions i have contributed to this project by sillplate platformframing and many more edits in other articles more wikiprojects if we make more and more wikiprojects it will end up here httpenwikipediaorgwikicategoryinactivewikiprojects but i am very interested in creating a wikiproject that deals with creating articles regarding the companies that supply construction products materials however creating an assesment box like the one above is very hard for example the wikipedia wikiprojecturbanstudiesandplanning doesnt have an assesment box i recently was involved in creating the wikiproject dentistry assesment box see here httpenwikipediaorgwikiusertalkdozenistbottoupdatearticles3f furthermore the bigger and more organized the project is it can bring so many articles to fa status and lots of main page attention have you noticed recently that in every few days there is an article on the main page which is related to india wikipedia wikiprojectindia plus in their project they have admin participants 
0.005981957
bad

: the reference to the nicene creed while compact is not as clear as simply referring to protestantism and catholicism - ie the christian context where mormonism arose from and contends with . not making this clear makes it appear as though the vast majority of christiainty is somehow not represented .
0.020998517
the reference to the nicene creed while compact is not as clear as simply referring to protestantism and catholicism ie the christian context where mormnism arose from and contends with not making this clear makes it appear as though the vast majority of christiainty is somehow not represented 
0.019871926
mormonism

= = eyewitness news = = * please prove kdka-tv's eyewitness news branding was inspired by kyw . removed this unsourced speculation . 07:56 , 5 february 2006 = = other = =
0.04968891
eyewitness news please rove kdkatvs eyewitness news branding was inspired by kyw removed this unsourced speculation 0756 5 february 2006 other 
0.013692478
prove

: ty for the fyi . i am always willing to give someone advice just on the off chance they were making ( multiple ) honest mistakes .
0.031786457
ty for the fyi i am always willing to give someone advice just on the of chance they were making multiple honest mistakes 
0.0249664
off

: hi i wanted to speak to you about your rrevision of the natural cures they don't want you to know about article . the citation needed tag did not beeed to be removd because acccoding to the guidleins for articles on a real people all mesaages like the ' convicted felon ' addition need to be cited in order to remain int he atirlce . kevin trudea's convicted felon status was no cited and we need ctiation for that . could you please come t to the talk page for article ?
0.12091874
hi i wanted to speak to you about your rrevision of the natural cures they dont want you to know about article the citation needed tag did not beeed to be removd because acccoding to the guidleins for articles on a real people all mesaages like the convicted flon addition need to be cited in order to remain int he atirlce kevin trudeas convicted felo status was no cited and we need ctiation for that could you please come t to the talk page for article 
0.059470892
felon

please do not add inappropriate external links to wikipedia . wikipedia is not a mere directory of links nor should it be used for advertising or promotion . inappropriate links include ( but are not limited to ) links to personal web sites , links to web sites with which you are affiliated , and links that exist to attract visitors to a web site or promote a product . see the external links guideline and spam policies for further explanations of links that are considered appropriate . if you feel the link should be added to the article , then please discuss it on the article's talk page rather than re-adding it . see the welcome page to learn more about wikipedia . thank you . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.028293977
please do not add ineppropriate external links to wikipedia wikipedia is not a mere directory of links nor should it be used for advertising or promotion inapprpriate links include but are not limited to links to personal web sites links to web sites with which you are affiliated and links that exist to attract visitors to a web site or promote a product see the external links guideline and spam policies for further explanations of links that are considered appropriate if you feel the link should be added to the article then please discuss it on the articles talk page rather than readding it see the welcome page to learn more about wikipedia thank you a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.02069147
inappropriate

= = regardiiung recent revission of an artticle = = : hi i waned to speak to you about your rrevision of the natural cures they don't want you to know about article . the citation needed tag did not beeed to be removd because acccoding to the guidleins for articles on a real people all mesaages like the ' convicted felon ' addition need to be cited in order to remain int he atirlce . kevin trudea's convicted felon status was no cited and we need ctiation for that . could you please come t to the talk page for article ?
0.12164943
regardiiung recent revission of an artticle hi i waned to speak to you about your rrevision of the natural cures they dont want you to know about article the citation needed tag did not beeed to be removd because acccoding to the guidleins for articles on a real people all mesaages like the convicted fleon addition need to be cited in order to remain int he atirlce kevin trudeas convicted flon status was no cited and we need ctiation for that could you please come t to the talk page for article 
0.05913015
felon

= = = = regarding edits made during february 6 2007 ( utc ) to graceland = = = = please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia . if this is an ip address , and it is shared by multiple users , ignore this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits .
0.088587075
regarding edits made during february 6 2007 utc to graceland please stop if you continue to vandalze pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia if this is an ip address and it is shared by multiple users ignore this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits 
0.08059109
vandalize

= = rfa list = = hey ... i had already created the table before i saw your message on wt : rfa . obviously , i respect your opinion and agree that we need to procede carefully ... but i also think that having a pre-vetted list of people to consider nominating that we know are qualified candidates is potentially a very helpful thing .
0.018829977
rfa list hey i had already created the table before i saw your message on wt rfa obviously i respect your opinion and agree that we need to procede carefully but i also think that having a prevetted list of people to consider nominating that we know are qualified candidates i potentially a very helpful thing 
0.016641285
is

= = speaking career = = i think there should be a section about his speaking career and the quotes he has made during this .
0.032841153
speaking career i think there shold be a section about his speaking career and the quotes he has made during this 
0.02606403
should

= = another specific example = = = = under genetic explanations , wrn has written this - to support these claims , they often cite several lines of evidence that they interpret as support for a partly genetic cause of group differences in iq : 1 . black – white – east asian differences in iq , reaction time , and brain size are observed worldwide in a range of cultures and environments . in the united states , significant black-white iq differences are observable at every age above 3 years , within every occupation or socioeconomic level tested , in every region of the country , and at every time since the invention of ability tests . [ 106 ] 2 . jensen and other have argued that the magnitude of race differences on different iq subtests correlate with the extent to which those subtests measures g , [ 107 ] which also correlates with measures of the subtests heritability . [ 108 ] from these and other findings , they argue that race differences have a partly biological basis . [ 109 ] 3 . the rising heritability of iq with age ( within all races ; studies have found on average in the developed world heritability starts at 20% in infants , rises to 40% in middle childhood , and peaks at 80% in adulthood ); and studies showing the virtual disappearance ( ~ 0.0 ) by adulthood of shared environmental effects on iq ( for example , family income , education , and home environment ) , with adopted siblings partaking in the studies no more similar in iq than with strangers[110 ] from these studies , they argue that most suggested environmental explanations for iq difference between groups do not have a strong enough effect on iq to fully account for group differences . 4 . studies of us comparisons of both parents to children and siblings to each other finding regression to differing means for different races ( 85 for blacks and 100 for whites ) across the entire range of iqs , [ 111 ] despite the fact that siblings are matched for shared environment and genetic heritage , with regression unaffected by family socioeconomic status and generation examined[112 ] this seems to be excessive detail . wrn has essentially recreated rushton/jensen arguments , and placed citations in his citation . this essentially allows wrn to write an entire section , as if it were incontrovertible based on various references , without any possible response . the npov fact that should be reported is that rushton and jensen make some assertions , not that they make some assertions , and here is the factual evidence they use to back it up . if anything , every one of their lines of evidence should be attributed directly to rushton and jensen , as much of that same evidence may be interpreted as undermining the genetic hypothesis , depending on the viewer . it seems very weaselly , in any case . can we agree these four points should be removed from the article ? comments ? = =
0.03658143
another specific example under genetic explanations wrn has written this to support these claims they often cite several lines of evidence that they interpret as support for a partly genetic cause of group differences in qi 1 black – white – east asian differences in q reaction time and brain size are observed worldwide in a range of cultures and environments in the united states significant blackwhite qi differences are observable at every age above 3 years within every occupation or socioeconomic level tested in every region of the country and at every time since the invention of ability tests 106 2 jensen and other have argued that the magnitude of race differences on different kq subtests correlate with the extent to which those subtests measures g 107 which also correlates with measures of the subtests heritability 108 from these and other findings they argue that race differences have a partly biological basis 109 3 the rising heritability of wq with age within all races studies have found on average in the developed world heritability starts at 20 in infants rises to 40 in middle childhood and peaks at 80 in adulthood and studies showing the virtual disappearance 00 by adulthood of shared environmental effects on bq for example family income education and home environment with adopted siblings partaking in the studies no more similar in iqr than with strangers110 from these studies they argue that most suggested environmental explanations for gq difference between groups do not have a strong enough effect on i to fully account for group differences 4 studies of us comparisons of both parents to children and siblings to each other finding regression to differing means for different races 85 for blacks and 100 for whites across the entire range of iqs 111 despite the fact that siblings are matched for shared environment and genetic heritage with regression unaffected by family socioeconomic status and generation examined112 this seems to be excessive detail wrn has essentially recreated rushtonjensen arguments and placed citations in his citation this essentially allows wrn to write an entire section as if it were incontrovertible based on various references without any possible response the npov fact that should be reported is that rushton and jensen make some assertions not that they make some assertions and here is the factual evidence they use to back it up if anything every one of their lines of evidence should be attributed directly to rushton and jensen as much of that same evidence may be interpreted as undermining the genetic hypothesis depending on the viewer it seems very weaselly in any case can we agree these four points should be removed from the article comments 
0.01693643
iq

: the criticism section looks okay to me , it seems to mention both the criticism and its counterpoint for most of the points it maes , although it really really needs some cites . whether or not other articles have criticism sections is fairly irrelevent to this one : either the criticism in this article is fair or it is not , tit-for-tat is not a valid reason to change it . of course , if you do feel there is sufficient criticism of ubuntu to warrant a section , feel free to add it to the article . .
0.05353087
the criticism section looks okay to me it sees to mention both the criticism and its counterpoint for most of the points it maes although it really really needs some cites whether or not other articles have criticism sections is fairly irrelevent to this one either the criticism in this article is fair or it is not titfortat is not a valid reason to change it of course if you do feel there is sufficient criticism of ubuntu to warrant a section feel free to add it to the article 
0.023392111
seems

= = image : nervous system diagram . png = = hello , medium69
0.008363238
image nervous system diagram png hello medium9 
0.004085331
medium69

