just for the record , castro apologised for his treatment of gays . while this doesn't mean that what he did was all fine now , it shows that he is at least remorseful and has stopped persecuting people based on their sexuality . in 1992 he told a sandinista official : i'm not going to deny that , at a certain point , this machista thing , influenced the approach that was taken toward homosexuality . i personally you are asking me my personal opinion do not suffer from this type of phobia against homosexuals . truly , in my mind , that's never been there and i have never been in favor nor have i promoted [ homosexuality ] , nor have i supported [ laws against homosexuality ] . i don't see homosexuality as a phenomenon of degeneration , but rather i see it in another way . the approach has been of another sort : a more rational approach , considering the tendencies and natural things of the human being , who simply must be respected . this is the philosophy with which i view these problems . i think that there has to be consideration shown toward the family that suffers these situations . i would hope that the families would have another mentality , that they would have another approach when something of this sort happens . i am absolutely opposed to any form of repression , disdain , contempt or discrimination with respect to homosexuals . that's what i think . '''''' ]]
0.10853394
just for the record castro apologised for his treatment of gays while this doesnt mean that what he did was all fine now it shows that he is at least remorseful and has stopped persecuting people based on their sexuality in 1992 he told a sandinista official im not going to deny that at a certain point this machista thing influenced the approach that was taken toward hrmosexuality i personally you are asking me my personal opinion do not suffer from this type of phobia against homosexuals truly in my mind thats never been there and i have never been in favor nor have i promoted homosexulaity nor have i supported laws against homoesexuality i dont see homosexualty as a phenomenon of degeneration but rather i see it in another way the approach has been of another sort a more rational approach considering the tendencies and natural things of the human being who simply must be respected this is the philosophy with which i view these problems i think that there has to be consideration shown toward the family that suffers these situations i would hope that the families would have another mentality that they would have another approach when something of this sort happens i am absolutely opposed to any form of repression disdain contempt or discrimination with respect to homosexuals thats what i think 
0.10800977
homosexuality

= = hi from nick = = hi angela , i've given wiki a wide step the last few months and i'm really pleased to see loads of my additions edited but at least kept in slightly differing formats , that to me is the beauty of this place , anyway hope you are well . regards
0.012661605
hi from nick hi angela ive given wii a wide step the last few months and im really pleased to see loads of my additions edited but at least kept in slightly differing formats that to me is the beauty of this place anyway hope you are well regards 
0.009213208
wiki

= = it's not vandalism = = gene poole ( disclaimer : gene poole is a psudonym ; he is really mr. george cruickshank and considers himself the emperor of atlantium ) , in the latest edit war , is claiming that the edits of are vandalism . this is not true . it's an editing dispute ; if gene poole wishes to take it to mediation or arbitration , i would like my voice to be heard too . i am reverting gene ' s edits until a third party feels that ' s changes are unreasonable .
0.09358404
its not vandalism gene poole disclaimer gene poole i a psudonym he as really mr george cruickshank and considers himself the emperor of atlantium in the latest edit war isg claiming that the edits of are vandalism this s not true its an editing dispute if gene poole wishes to take it to mediation or arbitration i would like my voice to be heard too i am reverting gene s edits until a third party feels that s changes are unreasonable 
0.06672411
is

an aside . i see you added schachte's interview to ' firsthand accounts ' as i suggested . i see you did not at the same time add the zaladonis interview as i suggested . you might as well have done them both at the same time , and i think you would have if you were actually trying to enhance neutrality . you know i am going to add it anyway , so why not at least get the bonus of appearing neutral by doing it yourself ? am i misjudging your intent ? did you really not know that the zaladonis interview link was right there ?
0.03287176
an aside i see you added schachtes interview to firsthand accounts as i suggested i see you did not at the same time add the zaladonis interview as i suggested you might as well have done them both at the same time and i think you would have if you were actually trying to enhance neutrality you know i am going to add it anyway so why not at least gt the bonus of appearing neutral by doing it yourself am i misjudging your intent did you really not know that the zaladonis interview link was right there 
0.02521747
get

have a good break and let me know when you return if i can help you with anything .
0.038372274
ave a good break and let me know when you return if i can help you with anything 
0.03584229
have

what is the best way to identify vines ?
0.009220106
what is the best ay to identify vines 
0.007630358
way

could you take a look at natural units ? it appears that you have made some contribution there . i do have a couple of objections that noted at the talk page . i don't think that the planck current is either historically correct nor keeping with the original concept of planck units . personally i wish that planck had normalized 4*pi*g instead of just g , but that is a different ( and later ) argument .
0.02252874
could you take a look at natural units it appears that you have made some contribution there i o have a couple of objections that noted at the talk page i dont think that the planck current is either historically correct nor keeping with the original concept of planck units personally i wish that planck had normalized 4pig instead of just g but that is a different and later argument 
0.014296421
do

jeeee , just realised i forgot to answer you -( perhaps i have misunderstood -( how embarassing . feel free to remove my vote from there if that makes a difference then andrewa . that will be okay by me .
0.11177082
jeeee just realised i forgot to answer you perhaps i have misunderstood how emarassing feel free to remove my vote from there if that makes a difference then andrewa that will be okay by me 
0.069367126
embarassing

i'm glad to see rhetoric is not dead in the australian labor party .
0.13517809
im glad to see rhetoric s not dead in the australian labor party 
0.12812997
is

:::: actually , it clearly does not involve power , even in your cherry picked definition . as far as what pir states above , my immediate response is thats insane ! , and while i know thats not terribly polite or productive , i must admit a momentary disadvantage due to my complete suprise and confusion as to how anyone could possess such ideas . suffice it to say that if anyone intends to state within the article space that europeans invented the very concept ( rather than the word ) of racism as a tool of conquest , this article will need its factual accuracy disputed . obviously i find the very suggestion breathtakingly absurd , and doubtless i am not alone in such an appraisal . i think i'll give you some time to rethink , as i am suspicious you might not have ment precisely what you said . [ spade ]
0.20673817
actually it clearly does not involve power even in your cherry picked definition as far as what pir states above my immediate response is thats insane and while i know thats not terribly polite or productive i must admit a momentary disadvantage due to my complete suprise and confusion as to how anyone could possess such ideas suffice it to say that if anyone intends to state within the article space that europeans invented the very concept rather than the word of rcism as a tool of conquest this article will need its factual accuracy disputed obviously i find the very suggestion breathtakingly absurd and doubtless i am not alone in such an appraisal i think ill give you some time to rethink as i am suspicious you might not have ment precisely what you said spade 
0.12977064
racism

= = srebrenica massacre = = the protection notice says that the protection is because of disputes and that protection does not endorse a particular version - that seems to serve as a reasonable npov notice . if you think that discussion with gp won't be productive , for whatever reason , you can bring the matter up on rfc , mediation , or ( as a last resort ) arbitration . simply reverting each other until one person gives up isn't going to solve the problem , hence the protection . — kate turner | 19:33 , 2004 oct 8 ( utc )
0.036667462
srebrenica massacr the protection notice says that the protection is because of disputes and that protection does not endorse a particular version that seems to serve as a reasonable npov notice if you think that discussion with gp wont be productive for whatever reason you can bring the matter up on rfc mediation or as a last resort arbitration simply reverting each other until one person gives up isnt going to solve the problem hence the protection — kate turner 1933 2004 oct 8 utc 
0.010439469
massacre

= = berceuse = = you're welcome . it's a pleasure to see something so immediately expandable while scrolling through recent changes . happy editing !
0.055529553
berceuse youre welcome its a pleasure to see something so immediately expandable while srolling through recent changes happy editing 
0.051252242
scrolling

i removed most of this entry . it was largely a combination of a less than fruitful attempt at a general-purpose definition of error and random trivia from a number of disciplines . some particular comments : : an industry , insurance , has grown up to protect both victims and perpetrators from the baleful effects of error . removed this silly claim . many kinds of insurance are designed not to protect you from error , but from acts of god , such as fires and floods . unless you mean to call god and/or the universe a source of error . insurance protects you from many things that are not error , including chance and intentional malice . : errors occur naturally , for example , an error in the replication of genetic material will result in a mutation , probably an unfavorable one . removed . not npov . whether errors occur naturally is entirely a matter of philosophical perspective . there is certainly a perspective from which anything natural is , by definition , free of error . in the case of genetics , you can only regard mutation as an error if you take as given that nature wants its replication processes to be exact replication processes . : irrespectively of their inevitability , at law the fiction is maintained that an error is a wrong , negligence , a tort , for which anyone who suffers damage as the result thereof must be compensated by the perpetrator . that's nice . why can't this be in an article about law ? 09:16 nov 12 , 2002 ( utc )
0.07724285
i removed most of this entry it was largely a combination of a less than fruitful attempt at a generalpurpose definition of error and random trivia from a number of disciplines some particular comments an industry insurance has grown up to protect both victims and perpetrators from the baleful effects of error removed this sily claim many kinds of insurance are designed not to protect you from error but from acts of god such as fires and floods unless you mean to call god andor the universe a source of error insurance protects you from many things that are not error including chance and intentional malice errors occur naturally for example an error in the replication of genetic material will result in a mutation probably an unfavorable one removed not npov whether errors occur naturally is entirely a matter of philosophical perspective there is certainly a perspective from which anything natural is by definition free of error in the case of genetics you can only regard mutation as an error if you take as given that nature wants its replication processes to be exact replication processes irrespectively of their inevitability at law the fiction is maintained that an error is a wrong negligence a tort for which anyone who suffers damage as the result thereof must be compensated by the perpetrator thats nice why cant this be in an article about law 0916 nov 12 2002 utc 
0.030115297
silly

= = documenatation please = = with respect to the following paragraph you repeatedly removed certain materials with the comment , i want documentation of those claims , if you please . i have now consulted the great terror : a reassessement , a standard reference work and after a little searching found passages which support the generally accepted information which you deleted . see : the ''' great purge ''' is the name given to the events of the late [[ 1930s ]] in the [[ soviet union ]] , when millions of people were arrested , about one million executed , and an estimated 12 million to sent to labour camps . according to [[ on the personality cult and its consequences|nikita khrushchev ]] a significant part of the accusations were based on forced [[ confession]]s and on loose interpretations of vague articles of [[ article 58 ( rsfsr penal code )]] , which dealt with counter-revolutionary crimes . due legal deliberation was largely replaced with express trials by [[ nkvd troika]]s . the purge targeted all categories of the society : members of the [[ communist party of the soviet union|communist party ]] , the government , the armed forces and the intelligentsia , as well as anti-soviet elements among peasants ([[ kulak]]s ) , in industry , and in transport . the height of the purge occurred while the soviet secret police ( the [[ nkvd ]]) was headed by [[ nikolai yezhov ]] , from september [[ 1936 ]] to august [[ 1938 ]]; this period is often referred to as the ''' yezhovschina ''' ( yezhov storm ) . however , the purge was carried out on the orders of stalin himself . it is rather obvious that you do not have a copy of this standard reference work available or choose not to refer to it . furthermore you seem to be unfamiliar with generally accepted knowledge with respect to this area . i believe it is a reasonable expectation that you familiarize yourself with the subjects you chose to edit on and be able to consult standard reference works and understand them . could you please remedy this situation . as it stands now you are wasting everyone's time . asking that generally accepted information be extensively documented while simulaneously espousing information and positions that can only be referenced through fringe sources .
0.05041479
documenatation please with respect to the following paragraph you repeatedly removed certain materials with the comment i want documentation of those claims if you please i have now consulted the great terror a reassessement a standard reference work and after a little searching found passages which support the generally accepted information which you deleted see the great purge is the name given to the events of the late 1930s in the soviet union when millions of people were arrested about one million executed and an estimated 12 million to sent to labour camps according to on the personality cult and its consequencesnikita khrushchev a significant part of the accusations were based on forced confessions and on loose interpretations of vague articles of article 58 rsfsr penal code which dealt with counterrevolutionary crimes due legal deliberation was largely replaced with express trials by nkvd troikas the purge targeted all categories of the society members of the communist party of the soviet unioncommunist party the government the armed forces and the intelligentsia as well as antisoviet elements among peasants kulaks in industry and in transport the height of the purge occurred while the soviet secret police the nkvd was headed by nikolai yezhov from september 1936 to august 1938 this period is often referred to as the yezhovschina yezhov storm however the purge was carried out on the orders of stalin himself it is rather obvious that you do not have a copy of this standard reference work available or choose not to refer to it furthermore you seem to be unfamiliar with generally accepted knowledge with respect to this area i believe it is a reasonable expectation that you familiarize yourself with the subjects you chose to edit on and be able to consult standard reference works and understand them could you please remedy this situation as it stands now you are wasing everyones time asking that generally accepted information be extensively documented while simulaneously espousing information and positions that can only be referenced through fringe sources 
0.046162624
wasting

i am 0101nghk . in fact , though it is good to add subtitle in the a journey towards journalism , it would also be fine if we organize it well . i found it is quite hard to define each paragraph with a subtitle .
0.012130879
i am 0101nghk in fact though it is good to add subtitle in the a journey towards jounalism it would also be fine if we organize it well i found it is quite hard to define each paragraph with a subtitle 
0.00838634
journalism

:: and what do quanta and cosmology have in common ? energy . to simply categorize physics as the study of everything is imperceptive . when modeling sand falling into a pile ( or nuts sorting in a jar ) a physicist doesn't really care about the identity of the particles at hand , just certain bulk properties that relate to its energetics . the chemist tries to understand how the material composition in turn generates those energetic qualities , but then usually isn't capable of formulating the dynamic description of what happens when it's shaken ( or spilled ) . a physicst usually could care less about why niobium is better for a collider than copper , just that it is . and chemists don't just care about chemical elements and compounds , there is a whole field of chemistry dedicated to monitoring interactions of nuclei with nucleons ( nuclear chemistry ) still matter . as a point of culture , chemists tend to focus on the diversity of matter and how that affects interactions with energy and physicists focus on the unity of energy , and how that affects matter . physical chemists very nicely bridge this they put quite a bit of energetics while still caring deeply about the identity of that which is being studied . while the duality may sound a bit contrived , there is definitely some truth to the statements , and while not perfect , it's more meaningful than what's there now .
0.019209066
and what do quanta and cosmology have in common energy to simply categorize physics as the study of everything is imperceptive when modeling sand falling into a pile or uts sorting in a jar a physicist doesnt really care about the identity of the particles at hand just certain bulk properties that relate to its energetics the chemist tries to understand how the material composition in turn generates those energetic qualities but then usually isnt capable of formulating the dynamic description of what happens when its shaken or spilled a physicst usually could care less about why niobium is better for a collider than copper just that it is and chemists dont just care about chemical elements and compounds there is a whole field of chemistry dedicated to monitoring interactions of nuclei with nucleons nuclear chemistry still matter as a point of culture chemists tend to focus on the diversity of matter and how that affects interactions with energy and physicists focus on the unity of energy and how that affects matter physical chemists very nicely bridge this they put quite a bit of energetics while still caring deeply about the identity of that which is being studied while the duality may sound a bit contrived there is definitely some truth to the statements and while not perfect its more meaningful than whats there now 
0.013347088
nuts

sorry to be rude , imsop . i've got to run right now , but will provide a more courteous reply in few hours .
0.12829861
sorry to be ude imsop ive got to run right now but will provide a more courteous reply in few hours 
0.034832265
rude

: oh , my goodness gracious . yes , of course . how could i have ever said that ? those early transistors were just barely capable of handling signals in the 550-1600 kilocycle broadcast band and couldn't have done squat at 88 megacycles . ( note period reference to cycles . ) .
0.02457416
oh my godness gracious yes of course how could i have ever said that those early transistors were just barely capable of handling signals in the 5501600 kilocycle broadcast band and couldnt have done squat at 88 megacycles note period reference to cycles 
0.019724194
goodness

= = possessive of jesus = = there are a couple of editors changing jesus ' to jesus's . does wikipedia have a preference here ? the rule i learned was that for proper names , you add ' s even if it ends in s , unless the name is an ancient name containing at least one other s ( jesus being the most common example ) . it's kind of an arbitrary rule , but i can certainly say that i've seen jesus ''' a lot more than jesus's '' , and i read a lot on the subject ...
0.0706653
possessive of jesus there are a couple of editors changing jesus to jesuss does wikipedia have a preference here the rule i learned was that for proper names you add s even if it nds in s unless the name is an ancient name containing at least one other s jesus being the most common example its kind of an arbitrary rule but i can certainly say that ive seen jesus a lot more than jesuss and i read a lot on the subject 
0.06520142
ends

= = = re : feloniousmonk = = = i prefer rationalism to atheism ... you don't have to waste your time in either attacking or defending ( isaac asimov ) : clearly he viewed atheism as merely a default position ( feloniousmonk ) :: say what ? ( [ spade ]) ::: in summary , no , partisan atheists can't define atheism here . please review npov , and some neutral references , , . religioustolerance.org? about.com? you might as well ask me to go to infidels.org . this is an encyclopedia , not some sort of propoganda production line . neutrality and factual acuracy are the fundamentals here , not partisanship . [ spade ]
0.2402105
re feloniousmonk i prefer rationalism to atheism you dont have to wast your time in either attacking or defending isaac asimov clearly he viewed atheism as merely a default position feloniousmonk say what spade in summary no partisan atheists cant define atheism here please review npov and some neutral references religioustoleranceorg aboutcom you might as well ask me to go to infidelsorg this is an encyclopedia not some sort of propoganda production line neutrality and factual acuracy are the fundamentals here not partisanship spade 
0.2157183
waste

hello , welcome to wikipedia . you seem to know your way around pretty well already , even using db instead of deletebecause ( and you also know the cases for csd ) . hmm ... -) you probably don't need to read the tutorial and you probably already know that you can sign your name using four tildes (~~~~) . i'm sure you don't need a link to the sandbox and you already know about the community portal . hehe ... you keep beating me to the punch on new pages , tagging the nonsense before i can . btw , i learned from you i've been typing deletebecause but now i know i can just use db instead . thank you . how long have you been around ? in case i've misjudged and you are relatively new here , please feel free to ask any questions either at the help desk or on . -) |
0.11942695
hello welcome to wikipedia you seem to know your way around pretty well already even using db instead of deletebecause and you also know the cases for csd hmm you probably dont need to read the tutorial and you probably already know that you can sign your name using four tildes im sure you dont need a link to the sandbox and you already know about the community portal hehe you keep beating me to the punch on new pages tagging the nosense before i can btw i learned from you ive been typing deletebecause but now i know i can just use db instead thank you how long have you been around in case ive misjudged and you are relatively new here please feel free to ask any questions either at the help desk or on 
0.09824171
nonsense

= = new pages = = please see alberuni's new article , violence against palestinian children .
0.15831813
mew pages please see alberunis ne article violence against palestinian children 
0.11018817
new

