:: sounds good . could you mention it on wp : vp ? i am going to sleep now .
0.030161295
sounds good could you mention it on wp vp i am going to leep now 
0.024644896
sleep

: vasculitis is definitely a distinct process , and the main question ( addressed by juvonen et al and in lots of other work ) and whether atherosclerosis is a form of vasculitis or not . the nomenclature is confusing , of course there is inflammation of the vessel wall in atherosclerosis ... |
0.0063677267
vasculitis is definitely a distinct process and the main question addressed by juvonen et al and in los of other work and whether atherosclerosis is a form of vasculitis or not the nomenclature is confusing of course there is inflammation of the vessel wall in atherosclerosis 
0.0037119354
lots

hm , les tricolores ? several sources indicate that le tricolore is the correct term , haven't found any references to les tricolores .
0.01705402
hm les tricolores several sources indicate that le tricolore i the correct term havent found any references to les tricolores 
0.012880714
is

= = ipa - what = = i read the main page of the article on ipa . on the plus side it is clear . on the minus side , it makes no attempt to explain what the ipa is . ( context , scope , purpose , etc . ) nice chart . lots of data ( for people who probably have no need of it ) but virtually no general information . my questions ( which weren't answered - keep in mind i'm a totally lay person ): an alphabet is used to 1 . communicate between a writer and a reader ( of the same language ) , 2 . describe that communication ( unambigously ? ) right ? certain things are implied by its name , but clearly one should define what the subject of the alphabet is ( are ) . i have no idea if it covers all indoeuropean languages not to mention mandarin chinese ( etc . ) ? does it ( attempt ) to cover all spoken languages ? written ? what about non-vocal languages ( finger snaps - all that stuff ) . sign-language ? we now have some evidence that hand gestures are linked to language in the brain ... but i digress . from a simplistic point of view language can be thought of as being three distinct ( context sensitive ) types of communication : written/read , spoken/heard and performed/viewed . i suppose an alphabet can't cover the last ( but see how choreographers describe dance ) and , obviously , there are non-alphabetical languages ( pictographics , heiroglyphic , etc . ) just as there are languages which make use of whistles , clicks . so what does the ipa do ? it just occured to me that maybe the ipa is ( now-a-days ) only used by euro-centric hobbyists and that would explain why there was no attention given to giving a serious explanation of what it is : if you have to ask ... { then you don't need to know }
0.031440876
ipa what i read the main page of the article on ipa on the plus side it is clear on the minus side it makes no attempt to explain what the ipa is context scope purpose etc nice chart lots of data for people who probably have no need of it but virtually no general information my questions which werent answered keep in mind im a totally lay person an alphabet is used to 1 communicate between a writer and a reader of the same language 2 describe that communication unambigously right certain things are implied by its name but clearly one should define what the subject of the alphabet is are i have no idea if it covers all indoeuropean languages not to mention mandarin chinese etc does it attempt to cover all spoken languages written what about nonvocal languages finge snaps all that stuff signlanguage we now have some evidence that hand gestures are linked to language in the brain but i digress from a simplistic point of view language can be thought of as being three distinct context sensitive types of communication writtenread spokenheard and performedviewed i suppose an alphabet cant cover the last but see how choreographers describe dance and obviously there are nonalphabetical languages pictographics heiroglyphic etc just as there are languages which make use of whistles clicks so what does the ipa do it just occured to me that maybe the ipa is nowadays only used by eurocentric hobbyists and that would explain why there was no attention given to giving a serious explanation of what it is if you have to ask then you dont need to know 
0.02573718
finger

= = my very own weclome message = = hello and welcome to wikipedia ! here are some tips to help you get started : * if you haven't already , please add your name to the new user log to let others know a little about yourself . * read the article describing how to edit a page and feel free to experiment in the sandbox . * when editing pages , use the preview button before submitting and try to fill in the summary box for every edit . * eventually , read the manual of style and policies and guidelines . * if you need help , post a question at the help desk or ask me on my talk page . * explore , be bold in editing pages , and , most importantly , have fun ! good luck ! jrdioko p.s. one last helpful hint . to sign your posts like i did above ( on talk pages , for example ) use the ' ~ ' symbol . to insert just your name , type ~~~ ( 3 tildes ) , or , to insert your name and timestamp , use ~~~~ ( 4 tildes ) .
0.016983368
my very own weclome message hello and welcome to wikipedia here are some tips to help you gt started if you havent already please add your name to the new user log to let others know a little about yourself read the article describing how to edit a page and feel free to experiment in the sandbox when editing pages use the preview button before submitting and try to fill in the summary box for every edit eventually read the manual of style and policies and guidelines if you need help post a question at the help desk or ask me on my talk page explore be bold in editing pages and most importantly have fun good luck jrdioko ps one last helpful hint to sign your posts like i did above on talk pages for example use the symbol to insert just your name type 3 tildes or to insert your name and timestamp use 4 tildes 
0.009826157
get

= = voigt = = out of curiosity , what about the material you removed from the voigt article struck you as pov ? |
0.05304535
voigt out of curiosity what about the material you removed from the voigt article struck you as pv 
0.030218855
pov

* ok . chew on this . i've been trying to figure out the organization of the mod section , and have found a bit of a mess . we've got a huge listing of every bf1942 mod at list_of_battlefield_1942_mods and a section of quake ii mods all containing outside links with no explanation at all of their significance . i suggest alittle re-organization of the mod section for consistency and clarity . ( plus , why do people like maintaining similar lists on different pages ? ) please see for my proposed layout . ( please discuss your thoughts at the discussion page at . thank you .
0.039742388
ok chew on this ive been trying to figure out the organization of the mod section and have found a bit of a mess weve got a huge listing of every bf1942 mod at listofbattlefield1942mods and a section of quke ii mods all containing outside links with no explanation at all of their significance i suggest alittle reorganization of the mod section for consistency and clarity plus why do people like maintaining similar lists on different pages please see for my proposed layout please discuss your thoughts at the discussion page at thank you 
0.021410635
quake

: shoot ! i can't find where i found that instance . anyways , let's add the hyphen . )
0.042011358
soot i cant find where i found that instance anyways lets add the hyphen 
0.0070232986
shoot

:::: granted . but that still doesn't make one a criminal . arguing about the law , demonstrating against laws one feels are unjust , advocating changes in the law , and even being an activist in getting laws reconsidered ... none of these things are crimes . therefore the simple fact that pedophiles wish the law were different , and may argue that the law [ italic]should[/italic ] be different , still does not meet the definition of criminal . the label is inappropriate . your own comment seems to acknowledge this ( [ not ] having acted as a criminal ..., italics added ) , so let's not try to imply it .
0.14357254
granted but that still doesnt make one a criminal arguing about the law demonstrating against laws one feels are unjust advocating changes in the law and even being an activist in getting laws reconsidered none of these things are crimes therefore the simple fact that pedophies wish the law were different and may argue that the law italicshoulditalic be different still does not meet the definition of criminal the label is inappropriate your own comment seems to acknowledge this not having acted as a criminal italics added so lets not try to imply it 
0.06773158
pedophiles

there is also a really exhaustive hardware report in a seperate html file i made . maybe this is helpfull to someone ? maybe more tricks ? be aware that this file's size is 280kb , so be patient : extensive hardware report
0.010224326
there is also a really exhaustive hardware report in a seperate html file i mae maybe this is helpfull to someone maybe more tricks be aware that this files size is 280kb so be patient extensive hardware report 
0.005629822
made

: i've already offered my ideas . go with that or do something else ... just make sure that you end up with a solid rule for inclusion so that the list makes sense . by the way , what's fashionable is actually what's in use todaywhy would most programmers be looking up info on dead or very low-use languages ?
0.09457418
ive already offered my ideas go with that or do something else just make sure that you end up with a solid rule for inclusion so that the list makes sense by the way whats fashionable is actually whats in use todaywhy would most programmers be looking up info on dea or very lowuse languages 
0.06328309
dead

