= = thanks for your concern = = thanks for your concern , but pointing out someone's biases and inappropriate conduct is not incivil . i see that he's lied about me up above . as for your comment on edit wars , i already have a policy that i do not edit the content of ahmadinejad's page myself , becuase khorshid and his fellows started an edit war themselves the last time i did that .
0.1594038
thanks for your concern thanks for your concern but pointing out someones biases and inappropriae conduct is not incivil i see that hes lied about me up above as for your comment on edit wars i already have a policy that i do not edit the content of ahmadinejads page myself becuase khorshid and his fellows started an edit war themselves the last time i did that 
0.15616341
inappropriate

we already have that under supporting characters , which also points to batman supporting characters . please sign your posts in the future ('''' |''
0.010337173
we already have that under supporting characters which also points to batman supporting characters lease sign your posts in the future 
0.010160178
please

well then what contribution of yours am i supposed to talk about ? the fact that you so nonchalantly go around and delete other peoples work as if you were god ? also , just because you , as god obviously , havent heard about the clan doesnt mean that it isnt notable . and how are there supposed to be reliable sources when i cited the web site of the clan and the only real sources about the clan besides that are the people in them ? how do you know that we are not reliable ?
0.080571786
well then what contribution of yours am i supposed to talk about the fact that you so nonchalantly go around and delete other peoples work as if you wee god also just because you as god obviously havent heard about the clan doesnt mean that it isnt notable and how are there supposed to be reliable sources when i cited the web site of the clan and the only real sources about the clan besides that are the people in them how do you know that we are not reliable 
0.053526316
were

personal attacks do not include civil language used to describe an editor's actions , and when made without involving their personal character , should not be construed as personal attacks . i did not say anything about your character , merely about your attitude towards others , especially those new here . thus , you need to read the article you posted for me to read yourself before you get on your high horse and say i made a personal attack when i clearly did not as defined by your own rules .
0.20616254
personal attacks do not include civil language used to describe an editors actions and when made without involving their personal character should not be construed as personal attacks i did not say anything about your character merely about your attitude towards others especially those new here thus you need to read the article you posted for me to read yourself before you get on your high hose and say i made a personal attack when i clearly did not as defined by your own rules 
0.19701345
horse

i added a couple accounts to your list of foresth2 sockpuppets , on the basis of , in case there's any need for ongoing attention to the situation . i suppose i could be wrong , but given the patterns it's an easy guess that these were vandal accounts being operated by the same person and used to manufacture credibility for the legitimate accounts . i suppose it should be flattering that signpost work is seen as a way of establishing bona fides , but this case was mostly a nuisance .
0.088246696
i added a couple accounts to your list of foresth2 sockpuppets on the basis of in case theres any need for ongoing attention to the situation i suppose i could be wrong but given the patterns its an easy guess that these were vandal accounts being operated by the same person and used to manufacture credibility for the legitimate accounts i suppose it should be flattering that signpost work is seen as a way of establishing bona fide but this case was mostly a nuisance 
0.07798148
fides

it's not a theory . it was mentioned in an official resident evil novel ( not s.d. perry's novels of resident evil ) for chris ' and claire's backstories . not everything has be mentioned in the game about the chrarcters to be true . but as for now , i suppose i should wait until i can provide some better resources before returning this again . -
0.020248748
its not a theory it was mentioned in an official resident evli novel not sd perrys novels of resident eil for chris and claires backstories not everything has be mentioned in the game about the chrarcters to be true but as for now i suppose i should wait until i can provide some better resources before returning this again 
0.006433483
evil

= = list of shania twain music videos = = = = list of shania twain music videos = = hi , as you know , we both have been editing articles related to shania twain . there's an article , list of shania twain music videos , which is nominated as a featured list . if you would like , you can support it at wikipedia : featured list candidates . all you have to do is put support followed by your signature using ~~~~ . thanks !
0.015548755
list of shania twain music videos list of shania twain music videos hi as you know we both have been editing articles related to shania twain theres an articl list of shania twain music videos which is nominated as a featured list if you would like you can support it at wikipedia featured list candidates all you have to do is put support followed by your signature using thanks 
0.013543897
article

= = for fuck's sake = = kill the fucking shithead already !
0.9848039
for fucks sake kill the fuking shithead already 
0.9797178
fucking

please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to ding dong ditch . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox .
0.20544216
please refrain from adding nonsnse to wikipedia as you did to ding dong ditch it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox 
0.15275517
nonsense

= = sockpupet labelling = = don't go around labelling user accounts as suspected sockpuppets . if you have evidence to present then present it in the correct place , but do not go around arbitarily labelling user accounts as sockpuppets .
0.2566939
sockpupet labelling dont go around labelling user accounts as suspected sockpuppe ts if you have evidence to present then present it in the correct place but do not go around arbitarily labelling user accounts as sockpupets 
0.06334491
sockpuppets

oh yeah and i suck cock
0.9615182
oh yeah and i uck cock 
0.9001198
suck

:::: my birthday was exactly three weeks ago ... ?
0.0066286046
my birthday ws exactly three weeks ago 
0.0045001525
was

sign your posts on talk pages
0.027527595
sign your post on talk pages 
0.027509611
posts

: guinnog , the pov pushing that folks like morton deal with leaves little room at times for compromise . their ongoing attempts to misuse wikipedia as an advocacy platform for their conspiracy theories is something that doesn't have to be condoned at any time . morton has made some alterations to his userpage that is in keeping with with the current policy , maybe a couple other areas could use some reduction in opinion . if this is the only userpage that details an editors major emphasis to the project , that would be news to me . if morton wishes to demostrate on his userpage the articles he is glad to see deleted or the ones he thinks shjould be , there is no reason he can't . there is also no reaosn he can't provide , as a disclaimer , his major emphasis on this project to keep 9/11 conspiracy theory rhetoric minimized in accordance with the undue weight clause of npov . i support morton's efforts to keep this nonsense on wikipedia in it's proper place .
0.08928638
guinnog the pov pushing that folks like morton deal with leaves little room at times for compromise their ongoing attempts to misuse wikipedia as an advocacy platform for their conspiracy theories is something that doesnt have to be condoned at any time morton has made some alterations to his userpage that is in keeping with with the current policy maybe a couple other areas could use some reduction in opinion if this is the only userpage that details an editors major emphasis to the project that would be news to me if morton wishes to demostrate on his userpage the articles he is glad to see deleted or the ones he thinks shjould be there is no reason he cant there is also no reaosn he cant provide as a disclaimer his major emphasis on this project to keep 911 conspiracy theory rhetoric minimized in accordance with the undue weight clause of npov i support mortons efforts to keep this nnsense on wikipedia in its proper place 
0.041801546
nonsense

= = orphaned fair use image ( image : laura prepon . jpg ) = = thanks for uploading image : laura prepon . jpg . i notice the ' image ' page currently specifies that the image is unlicensed for use on wikipedia and may only be used on wikipedia under a claim of fair use . however , the image is currently orphaned , meaning that it is not used in any articles on wikipedia . if the image was previously in an article , please go to the article and see why it was removed . you may add it back if you think that that will be useful . if you have uploaded other unlicensed media , please check whether they're used in any articles or not . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any fair use images not used in any articles will be deleted after seven days , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . thank you .
0.0057476326
orphaned fair use image image laura prepon jpg thank for uploading image laura prepon jpg i notice the image page currently specifies that the image is unlicensed for use on wikipedia and may only be used on wikipedia under a claim of fair use however the image is currently orphaned meaning that it is not used in any articles on wikipedia if the image was previously in an article please go to the article and see why it was removed you may add it back if you think that that will be useful if you have uploaded other unlicensed media please check whether theyre used in any articles or not you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any fair use images not used in any articles will be deleted after seven days as described on criteria for speedy deletion thank you 
0.0049570706
thanks

