= = experts = = yes , it can become somewhat controversial this topic , i am afraid . anyway , more editing to do .
0.03735306
experts yes it can become somewhat controversial this topic i am afraid anyway more editing to d 
0.03227584
do

-you're dumb and you fail to impress me and your little abilities as an admistrator won't deter me ! -( )
0.790884
youre dub and you fail to impress me and your little abilities as an admistrator wont deter me 
0.5279532
dumb

= = pictures = = i think you need to use stock photos , it looks better than just regular pics of it inside peoples houses
0.035514783
pictures i think you need to use stock photos it looks better than just regular pics of it inside peopls houses 
0.030673835
peoples

may point out that what is economicly good for one is always negitive to another , and yes the idea of the impact of walmart is always going to be a pov because each area of that whole idea is rooted in someones point of view . now this is what i have been trying to point out for i don't know 2 years now off and on , you can not look at walmart and say all this critism and then look at target and say its ok for them to do it . that gives a pov right off . we can't just look at walmart as alone , because its a branch of the retail it is not alone in most of its practices . and much of the referances here are based on facts put forth by people who stand to gain by walmart having a bad image . that could be compeditors , unions , small ma and pa's . and some of the facts like i have pointed out are just outright frauds . we need this rebuild of this entry to purge some of this garbage info and get this entry back to where it should be .
0.21189116
may point out that what is economicly good for one is always negitive to another and yes the idea of the impact of walmart is always going to be a pov because each area of that whole idea is rooted in someones point of view now this is what i have been trying to point out for i dont know 2 years now off and on you can not olok at walmart and say all this critism and then lok at target and say its ok for them to do it that gives a pov right off we cant just lok at walmart as alone because its a branch of the retail it is not alone in most of its practices and much of the referances here are based on facts put forth by people who stand to gain by walmart having a bad image that could be compeditors unions small ma and pas and some of the facts like i have pointed out are just outright frauds we need this rebuild of this entry to purge some of this garbage info and get this entry back to where it should be 
0.15077634
look

:: so why not fix the quotation marks issue , instead of wasting everyone ' s time with a copyvio tag . you could have said on the talk page , these quotes need to have quotation marks .
0.14047739
so why not fix the quotation marks issue instead of wating everyone s time with a copyvio tag you could have said on the talk page these quotes need to have quotation marks 
0.016616497
wasting

= = what's the big idea ? = = you're not allowed to remove sourced material without discussion . stop being a vandal .
0.50516766
whats the big idea youre not allowed to remove sourced material without discussion stop being a vanal 
0.27059597
vandal

the block page says i should add this to my page so there it goes . someone fix this and get these power corrupt idiots to stop stalking me .
0.77937007
the block page says i should add this to my page so there it goes someone fix this and get these power corrupt diots to stop stalking me 
0.48062402
idiots

= = removal of patroclus image per new information = = the image was not removed on the grounds that images that don't contain nudity could be read in an entirely different way , resulting in a different interpretation and only an explicit image would have the obvious homosexual associations that would necessarily tie it to the topic of the article . we now know that reasoning is incorrect . we now know that even images that contain nudity could be read in an entirely different way . josiah points out that the exposure of the genitals isn't necessarily a sexual cue and that there are plenty of red-figure images which depict male nudity without being sexual references and with most greek art of the time nudity is not overtly sexual . this new information means that the image no longer meets wikipedia’s threshold : images that would be considered offensive , profane , or obscene by typical wikipedia readers should be used if and only if their omission would cause the article to be less informative , relevant , or accurate , and no equally suitable alternatives are available . . thanks for your research , josiah . please remove the image .
0.16870145
removal of patroclus image per new information the image was not removed on the grounds that images that dont contain nudity could be read in an entirely different way resulting in a different interpretation and only an explicit image would have the obvious homosexual associations that would necessarily tie it to the topic of the article we now know that reasoning is incorrect we now know that even images that contain nudity could be read in an entirely different way josiah points out that the exposure of the genitals isnt necessarily a sexul cue and that there are plenty of redfigure images which depict male nudity without being exual references and with most greek art of the time nudity is not overtly sexal this new information means that the image no longer meets wikipedia’s threshold images that would be considered offensive profane or obscene by typical wikipedia readers should be used if and only if their omission would cause the article to be less informative relevant or accurate and no equally suitable alternatives are available thanks for your research josiah please remove the image 
0.10864726
sexual

the image was created in iran . i dont exactly know when and by whom , but it doesnt really matter since copyright law doesnt apply to iran . iri's costitutional law doesnt recognize international copyright law and international copy right law doesnt protect iranian materials . the image is already all over the net so i dont see why it shouldn't be on wiki .
0.025289863
the image was created in iran i dont exactly know when and by whom but it doesnt really matter since copyright law doesnt apply to iran iris costitutional law doesnt recognize international copyright law and international copy right law doesnt protect iranian materials the image is already all over the net so i dont see why it shouldnt be on wii 
0.014796226
wiki

seems paladin press has picked up 40 titles from loompanics to sell . good to hear that some of the titles won't go by the wayside , a shame that they couldn't pick more up , but some is better than none . article referring to paladin picking up 40 titles
0.14398482
seems paladin press has picked up 40 titles from loompanics to sell good to hear that some of the titles wont go by the wayside a shme that they couldnt pick more up but some is better than none article referring to paladin picking up 40 titles 
0.04607751
shame

thank you for the bold undeletion ; however , other admins seem to have completely lost their ability to think logically and draw conclusions from the facts and it seems that the admin consensus is for having tens of red userboxes ( really , smth for every taste : wikipedia : userboxes/beliefs #political_ideologies ! ) and deleting the only anti-communist box for once and for all wikipedia : deletion_review/userbox_debates #template : user_no_marxism . anyway , best regards , -
0.03969416
thank you for the bold undeletion however other admins seem to have completely lost their ability to think logically and draw conclusions from the facts and it seems that the admin consensus s for having tens of red userboxes really smth for every taste wikipedia userboxesbeliefs politicalideologies and deleting the only anticommunist box for once and for all wikipedia deletionreviewuserboxdebates template usernomarxism anyway best regards 
0.025703179
is

= = asking for help = = hi , i'm asking for help on some of the articles on the battles of the three kingdoms . i'm asking you because you seem like you know the difference between fact and fiction clearly . because i don't really , * dry laugh * . ( while some people treat the romance of the three kingdoms , and god forbid , dynasty warriors as gospel ! ) could you look over some of those articles , and leave a comment ? ( those on battle of sishui pass and battle of hulao pass especially .... i'm not sure if they even existed ... )
0.07359118
asking for help hi im asking for help on some of the articles on the battles of the three kingdoms im asking you because you seem like you know the difference between fact and fiction clearly because i dont really dry laugh while some people treat the romance of the three kingdoms and god forbid dynasty warriors as gospel could you lok over some of those articles and leave a comment those on battle of sishui pass and battle of hulao pass especially im not sure if they even existed 
0.03735434
look

hunter ... i luv your page im jealous why is it so good ?!?!?! well we have to have a meeting this weekeng .. ill talk to allie ... well later 2nd best friend ... haha j.g
0.16644803
hunter i luv your age im jealous why is it so good well we have to have a meeting this weekeng ill talk to allie well later 2nd best friend haha jg 
0.12050387
page

= = image cold war - change of borders = = my text was in the talk page of the image , sz
0.029099101
image cold ar change of borders my text was in the talk page of the image sz 
0.011447921
war

: what exactly does saying how are you niggers today ? have to do with this discussion ? nigger is a far more inflamatory word than homo is ! there are far more derogatory terms for homosexuals than homos - that would be on par with nigger - but i did not use any of them . and whether admins are stupid or not is equally irrelevant . : i was blocked for 48 hours for doing what an admin said . if saying homo is the cardinal wiki-sin , at least shorten the block by the 48 hours that i was unfairly blocked .
0.6993857
what exactly does saying how are you nggers today have to do with this discussion nigger is a far more inflamatory word than homo is there are far more derogatory terms for homosexuals than homos that would be on par with nigger but i did not use any of them and whether admins are stupid or not is equally irrelevant i was blocked for 48 hours for doing what an admin said if saying homo is the cardinal wikisin at least shorten the block by the 48 hours that i was unfairly blocked 
0.69443774
niggers

bishonen is wrong and provides no evidence . a little bit of power intoxicates some .
0.13428678
bishonen s wrong and provides no evidence a little bit of power intoxicates some 
0.12403346
is

scleroderma if scleroderma is a genetic diseases ? my mother has the diseases , what are the chances that i will have it ? ( i mean is it dominant diseases ? ) what pecautions should i take to avoid the diseaes ?
0.17453247
scleroderma if scleroderma is a genetic diesases my mother has the diseasest what are the chances that i will have it i mean is it dominant disases what pecautions should i take to avoid the diseaes 
0.15411784
diseases

= = warning templates on other's reverts = = sorry about that , but i find many editors revert without warning the perp . what leads to me leaving a message on another editor's revert is when we both do the same revert but the other editor hits return a second or two before i do . since i'm already on the history page , i look to see if a warning was added . i generally try to wait a bit before saving the warning , but , as i say , a lot of warnings would not be left if i just assumed reverting editors were going to leave one . incidentally , i sometimes get edit conflicts on a perp's talk page from an editor warning on a different instance of vandalism ( sometimes even to the same page ) some of them crank out the garbage edits at an amazing rate . anyway , sorry if it puzzled you . |
0.1664495
warning templates on others reverts sorry about that but i find many editors revert without warning the perp what leads to me leaving a message on another editors revert is when we both do the same revert but the other editor hits return a second or two before i do since im already on the history page i look to see if a warning was added i generally try to wait a bit before saving the warning but as i say a lot of warnings would not be left if i just assumed reverting editors were going to leave one incidentally i sometimes get edit conflicts on a perps talk page from an editor warning on a different instance of vandalism sometimes even to the same page some of them crank out the garage edits at an amazing rate anyway sorry if it puzzled you 
0.07061829
garbage

