= ='s rfa = = thank you for supporting me in my rfa . i never thought i would get so much support ! thanks to your help , my nomination was the in wikipedia history . now , please keep an eye out on me while i learn the new tools , ok ? thanks again ! xd
0.013219294
s rfa thank you for supporting me in my rfa i never thought i would get so much support thanks to your help my nomination was the in wikipedia history now please keep an ee out on me while i learn the new tools ok thanks again xd 
0.010932021
eye

:: i don't understand . ( clearly ) . their licenses are exactly what i stated them to be : web site screenshots . in every case i think screenshot supplants the actual truth which is download , but the two are hardly dissoluble . :: and jim , surely you are not so naive as to believe , truthfully , that wikipedia is not a battleground . see islam . see tutankhamun . wikipedia not a battleground ? it is nothing but . ( )
0.11062975
i dont understand clearly their licenses are exactly what i stated them to be web site screenshots in every case i think screenshot supplants the actual truth which is download but the two are hardly dissoluble and jim surely you are not so nive as to believe truthfully that wikipedia is not a battleground see islam see tutankhamun wikipedia not a battleground it is nothing but 
0.06851509
naive

::: the following is an opinion : ::: pointing out to you that these images are not usable under current policies is in no way at all close to anything you could win a libel suit on [ . ] ::: interestingly , the original jim apple wording was nowhere near as benign as your fantasy retort infers : screenshots can be fairly used when talking about the software or the website , but not when stealing images from the website in question . ( jim apple ) ::: as you can see , dreamguy , the notion that i am a thief is not implicit in jim's statement . it is cold , open , hostile and obvious . ::: am i to fear wikipedia as an entity because it has a policy banning users who threaten to sue people ? a rule that no doubt emerged to conceal and protect known criminals on board here . as you may glean from my original text , nary a threat was made . ::: threat is a noun , and defined as : :::: 1 . an expression of an intention to inflict pain , :::: injury , evil , or punishment . :::: 2 . an indication of impending danger or harm . :::: 3 . one that is regarded as a possible danger ; a menace . :::: american heritage dictionary , 4th edition 2000 ::: as is rabidly apparent , none of these definitions apply in even the remotest of extrapolations . ::: my statements were and remain pure and simple defense against very blatant slander . ::: ( how can the prospect of fair judicial process be regarded as an intent to harm , endanger , ::: punish or inflict pain ? ) twist the context to suit whatever dreamworld you inhabit , d.g. , ::: your opinion cannot alter brutal reality . ::: the issue at hand : ::: i have labored rather significantly to improve tutankhamun , moreso than most . wikipedia is in absolutely , absolutely no danger in even the slightest degree by utilizing the images i have uploaded , and the truly sickening part is that both of you jim , dream both of you know it . there is absolutely zero wrong or incorrect with the method i have implemented to furnish supplemental illustrations . you both are completely cognizant of that as well , yet choose to play schoolyard bullies and kick the bricks in on my castle . it is childish and shameful and the perfect exemplar of everything that is wrong with wikipedia . wiki needs people , not kings . you're only about seven hundred years too late . ( )
0.17516935
the following is an opinion pointing out to you that these images are not usable under current policies is in no way at all close to anything you could win a libel suit on interestingly the original jim apple wording was nowhere near as benign as your fantasy retort infers screenshots can be fairly used when talking about the software or the website but not when stealing images from the website in question jim apple as you can see dreamguy the notion that i am a thief is not implicit in jims statement it is cold open hostile and obvious am i to fear wikipedia as an entity because it has a policy banning users who threaten to sue people a rule that no doubt emerged to conceal and protect known criminals on board here as you may glean from my original text nary a threat was made threat is a noun and defined as 1 an expression of an intention to inflict pain injury evil or punishment 2 an indication of impending danger or harm 3 one that is regarded as a possible danger a menace american heritage dictionary 4th edition 2000 as is rabidly apparent none of these definitions apply in even the remotest of extrapolations my statements were and remain pure and simple defense against very blatant slander how can the prospect of fair judicial process be regarded as an intent to harm endanger punish or inflict pain twist the context to suit whatever dreamworld you inhabit dg your opinion cannot alter brutal reality the issue at hand i have labored rather significantly to improve tutankhamun moreso than most wikipedia is in absolutely absolutely no danger in even the slightest degree by utilizing the images i have uploaded and the truly sickening part is that both of you jim dream both of you know it there is absolutely zero wrong or incorrect with the method i have implemented to furnish supplemental illustrations you both are completely cognizant of that as well yet choose to play schoolyard bullies and kick the bricks in on my castle it is childish and shameul and the perfect exemplar of everything that is wrong with wikipedia wiki needs people not kings youre only about seven hundred years too late 
0.15775074
shameful

= = i knew they'd catch up with you kizzle = = http://washingtontimes.com/upi/20051026-071834-5487r.htm of course the washington times is the only paper to print this . we all know how the liberal papers cover for their own . lol ! love , big daddy ps are all liberals anti-semetic perverts ? or just the ones who edit for wikipedia ?
0.5005304
i knew theyd catch up with you kizzle httpwashingtontimescomupi200510260718345487rhtm of course the washington times is the only paper to print this we all know how the liberal papers cover for their own lol love big daddy ps are all liberals antisemetic peverts or just the ones who edit for wikipedia 
0.21509604
perverts

: to state that commons has more media when it does not is an error in fact . errors in fact are unacceptable in an encyclopedia . if you wish to advertise commons , do it in a factually correct manner - change the text in template : commons .
0.022012763
to state that commons has more media when it does not s an error in fact errors in fact are unacceptable in an encyclopedia if you wish to advertise commons do it in a factually correct manner change the text in template commons 
0.02123512
is

to you whom are writing and editing that the azeri are a turkic people have absolutly no scientific or historic basis on this claim , please research on the subject and you will find out that a ) they are desendents of the medes in persian maadha , and they have been living in on the iranian plateue since 1000-700 bc . b ) their language have been changed into a turkic dialect in the 12 century ad , but this not change the fact that they are an iranian people . your claims are deeply disturbind and have no historical basis , please stop rewriting history in this way , i am myself an azari , and i know my past , i have nothing against turkic people but we share the same language , not the same dna or culture , we are iranian ! the fact that the irish and scotts speak english does not either make them english /an azari
0.07280151
to you whom are writing and editing that the azeri are a turkic people have absolutly no scientific or historic basis on this claim please research on the subject and you will find out that a they are desendents of the medes in persian maadha and they have been living in on the iranian plateue since 1000700 bc b their language have been changed into a turkic dialect in the 12 century ad but this not change the fact that they are an iranian people your claims are deeply disturbind and have no historical basis please top rewriting history in this way i am myself an azari and i know my past i have nothing against turkic people but we share the same language not the same dna or culture we are iranian the fact that the irish and scotts speak english does not either make them english an azari 
0.054557696
stop

: you mean that you reverted my edits because you object to my having this page on my watchlist and trying to improve it and protect it from poor edits ? well at least you're honest about your bad-faith editing , but that doesn't really make it any better .
0.13556935
you mean that you reverted my edits because you object to my having this page on my watchlist and trying to improve it and protect it from por edits well at least youre honest about your badfaith editing but that doesnt really make it any better 
0.10346104
poor

= = fradulent claim = = i am most certainly not a sockpuppet of thechief , please retract your fradulent claim at once .
0.29263222
fradulent claim i am most certainly not a sockpupet of thechief please retract your fradulent claim at once 
0.10276312
sockpuppet

= = jesus article too long = = recently , i was trying to add quotes of jesus to the article but i got a revert with this response : this article is long enough - refer reader to wikisource or other articles doc glasgow the problem with this is that many if not all wiki articles on people have quotes of them , and many of them have quotes sections . if the article is too long and you want me to refer to other articles to shorten it up , then i propose we do just that and take some sections away and add a other topics about jesus towards the bottom that adds the main articles of items we got rid of . i propose that we condense these topics : 1 . chronology ( which is under life and teachings , and we could include a reference to this article's main article in an introduction to the whole life and teachings section ) 2 . background 3 . names and titles 4 . ethnicity and physical characteristics 5 . artistic and dramatic portrayals and then , since some of this stuff has sources at the bottom , but is now gone , we can get rid of it . also , since most of the sections point to reference articles which discus the sub-topic in more detail , we can get rid of many of the other sources . this should substantially reduce these sections : 1 . notes 2 . sources and further reading 3 . see also 4 . external links after this the whole jesus article will be much shorter . then perhaps we can focus on the stuff left over and make it really nice , and maybe jesus can become a featured article . what do you all think ?
0.022441566
jesus article too long recently i was trying to add quotes of jesus to the article but i got a revert with this response this article is long enough refer reader to wikisource or other articles doc glasgow the problem with this is that many if not all wiki articles on people have quotes of them and many of them have quotes sections if the article is too long and you want me to refer to other articles to shorten it up then i propose we do just that and take some sections away and add a other topics about jesus towards the bottom that adds the mani articles of items we got rid of i propose that we condense these topics 1 chronology which is under life and teachings and we could include a reference to this articles min article in an introduction to the whole life and teachings section 2 background 3 names and titles 4 ethnicity and physical characteristics 5 artistic and dramatic portrayals and then since some of this stuff has sources at the bottom but is now gone we can get rid of it also since most of the sections point to reference articles which discus the subtopic in more detail we can get rid of many of the other sources this should substantially reduce these sections 1 notes 2 sources and further reading 3 see also 4 external links after this the whole jesus article will be much shorter then perhaps we can focus on the stuff left over and make it really nice and maybe jesus can become a featured article what do you all think 
0.01441204
main

= = unverified sources cited as truth = = it is deplorable that sound bytes are cited by unnamed official at high places or in intelligence setup and passed off as truth . this is pathetic at best and highly deplorable . citing unnamed sources can be applied to any and all tragedies and rumours spinned from there . refrain from such sources .
0.2788567
unverified sources cited as truth it is deplorable that sound bytes are cited by unnamed official at high places or in intelligence setup and passed off as truth this is pahetic at best and highly deplorable citing unnamed sources can be applied to any and all tragedies and rumours spinned from there refrain from such sources 
0.113291666
pathetic

::: response to arre ::: 1 . neutrality according to wp is presenting facts in such a fashion that both sides accept . occupied isn't accepted by one side , moroccan isn't accepted by the other side . controlled is accepted by the both sides , that's why it's used in minurso reports . occuracy is relative . neutrality isn't . ::: 3 . i read and re-read your quote , it says half stayed in ws and half feld . i don't know why you don't see it . ::: 4 . what about demonstrations for independence prove that there exists a pro-independence feeling among some sahrawis in the territory , it's really neutral and pricize . ::: 8 . i will start counting , back to you . ::: 9 . what you are saying is your interpretation of the hr reports , i respect your opinion . my opinion is completely different , i say that hr was repressed in the whole morocco . i say that there is 70 or more disappeared but there is also 200 000 ( minus 70 or more ) sahrawis who are living in moroccan controlled parts of ws and in morocco proper without any problem . if you want to reword the sentence give me a suggestion . ::: 12 . most of to describe algeria tunisia and morocco ( not including ws and north morocco ) vs lybia , egypt , north morocco and ws is a little bit unprecize . ::: 13 . the sentence should be reworded to highlight tribal system of sahrawis . i wonder if sahrawis was always spurning centralist powers as they was in the origin of many dynasties in morocco ? ::: i see that we agreed upon some points . can you make the changes in the text and let's see what it gives ? and i'm still waiting your greeting card in the occasion of the end of ramadan by email , ) salam ;) .
0.022953345
response to arre 1 neutrality according to wp is presenting facts in such a fashion that both sides accept occupied isnt accepted by one side moroccan isnt accepted by the other side controlled is accepted by the both sides thats why its used in minurso reports occuracy is relative neutrality isnt 3 i read and reread your quote it says half stayed in ws and half feld i dont know why you dont see it 4 what about demonstrations for independence prove that there exists a proindependence feeling among some sahrawis in the territory its really neutral and pricize 8 i will start counting back to you 9 what you are saying is your interpretation of the hr reports i respect your opinion my opinion is completely different i say that hr was repressed in the whole morocco i say that there is 70 or more disappeared but there is also 200 000 minus 70 or more sahrawis who are living in moroccan controlled parts of ws and in morocco proper without any problem if you want to reword the sentence give me a suggestion 12 most of to describe algeria tunisia and morocco not including ws and north morocco vs lybia egypt north morocco and ws is a little bit unprecize 13 the sentence should be reworded to highlight tribal system of sahrawis i wonder if sahrawis was always spurning centraist powers as they was in the origin of many dynasties in morocco i see that we agreed upon some points can you make the changes in the text and lets see what it gives and im still waiting your greeting card in the occasion of the end of ramadan by email salam 
0.019622734
centralist

= = king george county , va = = there seems to be some a contridiction of the status of king george county . the king george county page indicates that king george county is not a part of the washington-baltimore metropolitan area . yet , according to the baltimore-washington metropolitan area page , it is . this also brings to light a local controversey regarding king george county and whether or not it is part of the northern neck of virginia . historically , king george county has been included as part of the northern neck . the northern neck tourism council website lists locations in king george county amongst its historical sites and museums , and the king george county homepage labels the county as the gateway to the historic northern neck . i was educated in northumberland county , virginia , and this is what we were taught during our segment on local history for 11th grade us history , that there are five counties in the northern neck , including king george county . however , until 11th grade , i had always grown up under the assumption that the northern neck consisted of only four counties : northumberland , lancaster , westmoreland , and richmond counties . locals think of the northern neck more as a community with similar values and interests , rather than a geographical area . king george county is considered to be suburban , part of the washington dc urban sprawl and therefore doesn't share the same community interests as the rest of the northern neck . this article from the fredericksburg free-lance star highlights both sides of the king george debate . the inclusion of king george county as part of the baltimore-washington metropolitan area stems from three facts : king george's proximity to fredericksburg , its inclusion in the washington dc media market , and the presence of the naval surface warfare center in dahlgren . however , the historical connections between king george county and the northern neck shouldn't be dismissed . it wouldn't be inappropriate to consider king george county as part of both , as baltimore-washington metropolitan area seems to be a statistical category , while the northern neck is a historical/geographical region . i have also added this discussion to the pages on both the baltimore-washington metropolitan area and the king george county pages . if there is no further discussion or objection , i will edit the northern neck page to include mention of the local debate on the status of king george county .
0.01949004
king george county va there seems to be some a contridiction of the status of king george county the king george county page indicates that king george county is not a part of the washingtonbaltimore metropolitan area yet according to the baltimorewashington metropolitan area page it is this also brings to light a local controversey regarding king george county and whether or not it is part of the northern nbeck of virginia historically king george county has been included as part of the northern necy the northern xeck tourism council website lists locations in king george county amongst its historical sites and museums and the king george county homepage labels the county as the gateway to the historic northern n e c k i was educated in northumberland county virginia and this is what we were taught during our segment on local history for 11th grade us history that there are five counties in the northern necks including king george county however until 11th grade i had always grown up under the assumption that the northern cneck consisted of only four counties northumberland lancaster westmoreland and richmond counties locals think of the northern enck more as a community with similar values and interests rather than a geographical area king george county is considered to be suburban part of the washington dc urban sprawl and therefore doesnt share the same community interests as the rest of the northern ndeck this article from the fredericksburg freelance star highlights both sides of the king george debate the inclusion of king george county as part of the baltimorewashington metropolitan area stems from three facts king georges proximity to fredericksburg its inclusion in the washington dc media market and the presence of the naval surface warfare center in dahlgren however the historical connections between king george county and the northern nexck shouldnt be dismissed it wouldnt be inappropriate to consider king george county as part of both as baltimorewashington metropolitan area seems to be a statistical category while the northern enck is a historicalgeographical region i have also added this discussion to the pages on both the baltimorewashington metropolitan area and the king george county pages if there is no further discussion or objection i will edit the northern nck page to include mention of the local debate on the status of king george county 
0.014607843
neck

how come the sayings are out of date
0.02622422
how come the sayings ae out of date 
0.016643854
are

: both in current numbers ( 24%) and in historical context , roman catholics are a minority religion in america . even among christian believers , the ratio is more than two to one in favor of protestants . this is no suprise : of the 13 colonies , only one had a significant catholic presence ( maryland ) . today , of the 24% catholics , most ( about 12-14% of the country ) are now catholic hispanics , mostly in california , texas , and florida ( probably more , with undocumented mexicans ) . the remainder are mostly irish and italian catholics , in the northeastern cities . likewise most protestants in the country are segregated , and live in the south and midwest . there is a religious segregation in the country that muddies the appreciation of the other . of the protestant/reformation movement , most are mainline or evangelical/born again/fundamentalist churches . orthodox are not a reformation faith , but mormans and pentacostals probably trace origins through the chaotic , developing reformation movement . of the 20% not now calling themselves christian , most are agnostic ( probably with mostly protestant roots ) , but some are muslim , jewish , or have asian-rooted faiths . the main things apparently affecting religious population size are : mexican immigration ( catholic ) , mainline protestant church attendance and birthrate ( declining ) , conservative protestant activism ( increasing ) , intermarriage ( tending toward dominant faith of partners or agnosticism , ergo all conservative churches , born-agains , opus dei , othodox jewry increasing ) . in sum , roman catholics may be a plurality denomination ( 24%) compared to next largest ( baptists ) , but a christian faith/movement smaller in size by half than the protestant/reformation movement , and again , in historical context in america , not a surprise . -2 november 2005
0.0547729
both in current numbers 24 and in historical context roman catholics are a minority religion in america even among christian believers the ratio is more than two to one in favor of protestants this is no suprse of the 13 colonies only one had a significant catholic presence maryland today of the 24 catholics most about 1214 of the country are now catholic hispanics mostly in california texas and florida probably more with undocumented mexicans the remainder are mostly irish and italian catholics in the northeastern cities likewise most protestants in the country are segregated and live in the south and midwest there is a religious segregation in the country that muddies the appreciation of the other of the protestantreformation movement most are mainline or evangelicalborn againfundamentalist churches orthodox are not a reformation faith but mormans and pentacostals probably trace origins through the chaotic developing reformation movement of the 20 not now calling themselves christian most are agnostic probably with mostly protestant roots but some are muslim jewish or have asianrooted faiths the main things apparently affecting religious population size are mexican immigration catholic mainline protestant church attendance and birthrate declining conservative protestant activism increasing intermarriage tending toward dominant faith of partners or agnosticism ergo all conservative churches bornagains opus dei othodox jewry increasing in sum roman catholics may be a plurality denomination 24 compared to next largest baptists but a christian faithmovement smaller in size by half than the protestantreformation movement and again in historical context in america not a surprise 2 november 2005 
0.03507479
suprise

