i don't think this is a controversial statement at all . i do not think it is controversial either . and besides , i don't care . many facts or widespread intepretations are included in wikipedia that can be called controversial . the problem with this statement is that it is unconventional . it is also a pov but the pov or not discussion will become relevant when we establish at least some acceptance of this interpretation among academics . the rest here is your own speculations . they sound credible , but they are unsupported as of now . not only they are not supported by official statements , as you point out . you are right , that such official statements would not have been given in any case . this pov is unsupported among historians . as i said , refer to some respected sources rather than your own inferences which may or may not be valid . as for the soviet pov flooding the wikipedia , this is irrelevant . each corrections should be included based on its own merit . i will respond to your hero city line on the relevant talk page .
0.049070068
i dont think this is a controversial statement at all i do not think it is controversial either and besides i dont care many facts or widespread intepretations are included in wikipedia that can be called controversial the problem with this statement is that it is unconventional it is also a pov but the pov or not discussion will become relevant when we establish at least some acceptance of this interpretation among academics the rest here is your own speculations they sound credible but they are unsupported as of now not only they are not supported by official statements as you point out you are right that such official statements would not have been given in any case this pov is unsupported among historians as i said refer to some respected sources rather than your own inferences which may or may not be valid as for the soviet pov flooding the wikipedia this is irrelvant each corrections should be included based on its own merit i will respond to your hero city line on the relevant talk page 
0.04575014
irrelevant

sleep with me or i will fucking kill you and block you !
0.9759999
sleep with me or i will fuckig kill you and block you 
0.89294714
fucking

= = edit summary = = thanks for the advice plek , much appreciated . i should certainly use the edit field more liberally , and will try to in future . all the same , it's hard for me to see that not using it makes edits indistinguishable from vandalism , a moment's reading should tell the difference . thanks ,
0.042552132
edit summary thanks for the advice plek much appreciated i should certainly use the edit field more liberally and will try to in future all the same its hard for me to see that not using it makes edits indistinguishable from vanalism a moments reading should tell the difference thanks 
0.0139325205
vandalism

= = deletion votes and username = = thanks for the advice on the deletion votes - i'll try to be more descriptive of why i think these things should be kept . however , it was not my understanding that a vote would be discounted simply because no explanation was given . re my username , while i understand that many people harbour predjudice against trolls , my username expresses my belief that in building a neutral , accurate encyclopedia , creative and innovative approaches are helpful . i believe that trolling is an important part of any wiki , and without people who are willing to creatively challenge accepted assumptions and groupthink a community may stagnate or fail to maximise its opportunities . many people who say they are against ' trolling ' are actually , when you talk to them about it , against vandalism , personal attacks or timewasting , none of which i condone . i think that w e need to be more tollerant of different approaches as a community , and more willing to try to understand each other - in that way we can build the best encyclopedia possible . thanks for you advice , hope to see you around ,
0.028697826
deletion votes and username thanks for the advice on the deletion votes ill try to be more descriptive of why i think these things should be kept however it was not my understanding that a vote would be discounted simply because no explanation was given re my username while i understand that many people harbour predjudice against rolls my username expresses my belief that in building a neutral accurate encyclopedia creative and innovative approaches are helpful i believe that trolling is an important part of any wiki and without people who are willing to creatively challenge accepted assumptions and groupthink a community may stagnate or fail to maximise its opportunities many people who say they are against trolling are actually when you talk to them about it against vandalism personal attacks or timewasting none of which i condone i think that w e need to be more tollerant of different approaches as a community and more willing to try to understand each other in that way we can build the best encyclopedia possible thanks for you advice hope to see you around 
0.023733504
trolls

:: you were caught cheating . how does it feel ? are you claiming that you didn't know that in browne's note his reference to exile is about bahaullah's confinement to certain areas within the ottoman empire , by the ottoman empire , and not by the persian empire ?
0.12940432
you were caught ceating how does it feel are you claiming that you didnt know that in brownes note his reference to exile is about bahaullahs confinement to certain areas within the ottoman empire by the ottoman empire and not by the persian empire 
0.075265415
cheating

= = railroad yard redirects here ? = = why is this , since this is only about one type of railroad yard ? or is this the only kind of railyard , and the intro is wrong ?
0.09655653
railroad yard redirects here why si this since this si only about one type of railroad yard or i this the only kind of railyard and the intro i wrong 
0.08043448
is

= = countersteering = = hi dbenbenn , thanks for improving the first sentence . i felt it was awkward , but i couldn't quite figure it out . i am pleased to read that you find the article i wrote more helpful for understanding what countersteering is about . |
0.012479125
countersteering hi dbenbenn thanks for improving the first sentence i felt it was awkward but i couldnt quite figure it out i m pleased to read that you find the article i wrote more helpful for understanding what countersteering is about 
0.0098804105
am

the same problem seems to appear in other software comparison pages as well . you may like to take a look , get a solution , and fix all of them .
0.027253054
the same problem seems to appear in other software comparison pages as well you may like to take a look et a solution and fix all of them 
0.018677637
get

= = cumbey threats = = these threats were received by email . claims squeakbox is hacking into the wiki database . she is going to demand the hard discs from jimbo wales so she can get me put down for a long time because of my alleged hacking . she accuses me of having a stash of janja ( sic ) she means ganja , in my possession , and that she is going to tell the honduran police about it . she is going to write to jimbo demanding he reinstate her version of this article . she is very unhappy with the new contributors . she thinks they work for me and i work for solana .
0.14656167
cumbey thretas these treats were received by email claims squeakbox is hacking into the wiki database she is going to demand the hard discs from jimbo wales so she can get me put down for a long time because of my alleged hacking she accuses me of having a stash of janja sic she means ganja in my possession and that she is going to tell the honduran police about it she is going to write to jimbo demanding he reinstate her version of this article she is very unhappy with the new contributors she thinks they work for me and i work for solana 
0.11607983
threats

::::: both of you missed my point in it's silliness . i was attempting to suggest that the inclusion of medical and or psychological analysis rendered from afar and not done so in a standardized manner typical of analysis of such a nature , are silly innuendos that are not encyclopedic , and instead are slanderous leftist pov . i stated that i could find actual doctors/therapists reports that say that bush is this way or that , but they are silly .... the van wormer and frank jargon are not significant as some might wish them to be , and this is because of the nature under which the evaluations were performed , and the manner in which they were communicated .... this isn't really that hard for everyone to understand is it ?
0.23025247
both of you missed my point in its silliness i was attempting to suggest that the inclusion of medical and or psychological analysis rendered from afar and not done so in a standardized manner typical of analysis of such a nature are sillyd innuendos that are not encyclopedic and instead are slanderous leftist pov i stated that i could find actual doctorstherapists reports that say that bush is this way or that but they are sill the van wormer and frank jargon are not significant as some might wish them to be and this is because of the nature under which the evaluations were performed and the manner in which they were communicated this isnt really that hard for everyone to understand is it 
0.11711777
silly

= = the latest = = this is cumbey . i see the good grammar , good punctuation billy weiss entered this space as squeakbox and corrected the grammar and typos of david the alleged wiki global elite sys op . he has also continued to wreak havoc on that website which is independent of wikimedia . he might as well know that i have plans to publish columns on various popular websites independent of either about these antics and tactics . squeakbox/billyweiss/richardweiss/david , beware the ides of march !
0.061051223
the latest this is cumbey i see the good grammar good punctuation billy weiss entered this space as squeakbox and corrected the grammar and typos of david the alleged wiki global elite sys op he has also continued to wreak havoc on that website which is independent of wikimedia he might as well know that i have plans to publish columns on various popular websites independent of either about these anics and tactics squeakboxbillyweissrichardweissdavid beware the ides of march 
0.034725953
antics

i placed it at capital ( architecture ) , with the information it needed . excellent ! excellent !
0.002287839
i place it at capital architecture with the information it needed excellent excellent 
0.0018142833
placed

try that again and you'll be blocked from editing wikipedia .
0.09971031
try that again and youll be blcked from editing wikipedia 
0.09666079
blocked

:::: scott , if that's you , you need to sign your comments . duff doesn't use any string theory , not one spit , to argue his point . scott , i think that is evidence that you still just don't get it . this has nothing to do with string theory . string theory is non-sequitur . i hardly understand string theory ( really , just the pop stuff brian greene puts on nova ) , but i fully understand the argument that , in reality , the only physical quantities that we measure , that we perceive , that make any difference to anything that involves us as human beings ( or e.t. beings , for that matter ) are dimensionless quantities . when something changes that affects us , ultimately it's a dimensionless measure , usually the ratio of like dimensioned quantities . we always measure a dimensionful quantity against another like dimensioned quantity . :::: if changed ( let's say got bigger ) , conceptually , that would have meaning , the electromagnetic force ( relative to the other fundamental interactions ) would have changed in proportion ( gotten a little bigger ) . then it would appear that the charge of an electron has gotten a little bigger ( but it might not have ) or that planck's constant has gotten a little smaller ( but it might not have ) or that the speed of light has gotten a little smaller ( that's the choice you and authors such as moffat made ) or even ( if we're gonna say that might have changed ) that the permittivity of free space has changed ( like , is defined in many measurement systems , such as si or cgs ) . ( i doubt anyone will argue that it's or that has changed . ) heck , someday soon ( i would expect within a decade ) will be defined ( because of a redefinition of the kilogram ) . if they do that , then a change in gets blamed on a change of , which still seems most natural to me , but that's my opinion . even so ,. if they did that to and was measured to have changed , i would not argue that all of the electrons and protons and positrons in the universe have somehow transferred charge . i would say that they appear to have a different charge since their strength of their interaction has changed ( which is fundamentally all a change in can mean ) . that is all we would know or could ever know . to blame any conceptual change of on a change of any of the dimensionful ingredients to it , is silly .
0.087725
scott if thats you you need to sign your comments duff doesnt use any string theory not one spi to argue his point scott i think that is evidence that you still just dont get it this has nothing to do with string theory string theory is nonsequitur i hardly understand string theory really just the pop stuff brian greene puts on nova but i fully understand the argument that in reality the only physical quantities that we measure that we perceive that make any difference to anything that involves us as human beings or et beings for that matter are dimensionless quantities when something changes that affects us ultimately its a dimensionless measure usually the ratio of like dimensioned quantities we always measure a dimensionful quantity against another like dimensioned quantity if changed lets say got bigger conceptually that would have meaning the electromagnetic force relative to the other fundamental interactions would have changed in proportion gotten a little bigger then it would appear that the charge of an electron has gotten a little bigger but it might not have or that plancks constant has gotten a little smaller but it might not have or that the speed of light has gotten a little smaller thats the choice you and authors such as moffat made or even if were gonna say that might have changed that the permittivity of free space has changed like is defined in many measurement systems such as si or cgs i doubt anyone will argue that its or that has changed heck someday soon i would expect within a decade will be defined because of a redefinition of the kilogram if they do that then a change in gets blamed on a change of which still seems most natural to me but thats my opinion even so if they did that to and was measured to have changed i would not argue that all of the electrons and protons and positrons in the universe have somehow transferred charge i would say that they appear to have a different charge since their strength of their interaction has changed which is fundamentally all a change in can mean that is all we would know or could ever know to blame any conceptual change of on a change of any of the dimensionful ingredients to it is silly 
0.07666172
spit

2005 ( utc ) : * as discussed , the continuum does involve aerobic muscle fibers even in primarily anaerobic activities . they simply don't contribute much to the overall effort . again see the chart here . the aerobic component is well less than 5% for activities well past the low rep high weight range . even if it were 20% aerobic component , that would still qualify as primarily anaerobic . do you have some reliable sources for this idea of yours that low rep high weight trainging provides an important aerobic training component ? epoc doesn't count , that is simply the body recovering from the anaerobic work . it uses oxygen , but is not aerobic in the same sense . - 16:50 , mar 23 ,
0.015700592
2005 utc as discussed the continuum does involve aerobic muscle fibers even in primarily anaerobic activities they simply dont contribute much to the overall effort again see the chart here the aerobic component is well less than 5 for activities well past the low rep high weight range even if it were 20 aerobic component that would still qualify as primarily anaerobic do you have some reliable sources for this idea of yours that low rep high weight trainging provides an important aerobic training component epoc doesnt count that is simply the body recovering from the anaerobic work it uses oxygen but is not aerobic in the same sens 1650 mar 23 
0.009429317
sense

= = crusader states = = thank you for fixing an obvious mistake . i was just wondering ... what was the relationship between the holy roman empire and latin empire ? do you have any worthwhile resources ?
0.016360912
crusader states thank you for fixing an obvious mistake i was just wondering what was the relationship between the oly roman empire and latin empire do you have any worthwhile resources 
0.004902846
holy

* there is no one town where the feast of epiphany takes place . it is the name of a holiday , not of a particular banquet . |
0.022624021
there is no one town where the feat of epiphany takes place it is the name of a holiday not of a particular banquet 
0.011497056
feast

tkorrovi has put a number of diffs in his request which i have looked at . granted most date from may , 2004 but the last few date from december , 2004 . i also looked at the article history and looked at recent comments directed at him . whether he is good or competent editor i cannot say but you do seem to attack him personally in a rude way . and he does demonstrate that by the diffs he has cited .
0.053156603
tkorrovi has put a number of diffs in his request which i have looked at granted most date from may 2004 but the last few date from december 2004 i also looked at the article history and looked at recent comments directed at him whether he is good or competent editor i cannot say but you do seem to attack him personally in a rud way and he does demonstrate that by the diffs he has cited 
0.039900865
rude

: nope , it just shows that multiple people want to suppress hard truths about the fact that an innocent woman is being dehydrated to death at the demands of her adulterous husband and an unelected judge . i refuse to let blatant povs go unchallenged no matter how many people hold them this is the whole point of wiki anyway .
0.31788316
nope it just shows that multiple people want to suppress hard truths about the fact that an innocent woman is being dehydrated to death at the demands of her adulteros husband and an unelected judge i refuse to let blatant povs go unchallenged no matter how many people hold them this is the whole point of wiki anyway 
0.27893022
adulterous

on which i have voted but i might change my mind at any rate in terms of the simple wikipedia where there are lots of spam issues .
0.02735655
on which i have voted but i might change my mind at any rate in terms of the simple wikipedia where there are lots of spm issues 
0.022337383
spam

