__________________ and i do not agree with this : though no international judicial body has considered the issue , the deportations could be considered a crime against humanity under international law as the international criminal court applies it today . because it intentionally magnifies accidental deaths and mob revenges crimes without pointing to the source of expulsion i.e. nazi savagery and total ( means against civilians too ) war . most important , blame nazis to spark off the war hell . see “ the black fox ” documentary movie for example . you can borrow it from public library . any way i am polish . i was born in poland . my father and grandfather remembered the ww ii war very well , not mention they lost close relatives - civilians . i mean during occupation not at front . and i think that jadger doing the hell of job . - i would understand descend of some expelled german . really , i would do - for same extend . you know what i mean ? so , i ask you to leave me alone . as >
0.1644472
and i do not agree with this though no international judicial body has considered the issue the deportations could be considered a crime against humanity under international law as the international criminal court applies it today because it intentionally magnifies accidental deaths and mob revenges crimes without pointing to the source of expulsion ie nazi savagery and total means against civilians too war most important blame nazis to spark off the war ehll see “ the black fox ” documentary movie for example you can borrow it from public library any way i am polish i was born in poland my father and grandfather remembered the ww ii war very well not mention they lost close relatives civilians i mean during occupation not at front and i think that jadger doing the hll of job i would understand descend of some expelled german really i would do for same extend you know what i mean so i ask you to leave me alone as 
0.123057365
hell

please do not add nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you . ''''''
0.131253
please do not add nonsnse to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.08217046
nonsense

= = mongolia = = perhaps we should include a link or something in written form to a new mongolian movement of unification with china ? +
0.02474631
mongolia perhaps we should include a link or something in written form to a ne mongolian movement of unification with china 
0.013114437
new

= = pablo and victor = = = = : pablo and victor = = a tag has been placed on pablo and victor , requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia . this has been done because it is an article about a certain web site , blog , forum , or other community of web users that does not assert the importance or significance of that web location . please read our criteria for speedy deletion , particularly item 7 under articles , as well as notability guidelines for websites . please note that articles must be on notable subjects and should provide references to reliable sources which verify their content . please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself . to contest the tagging and request that administrators wait a while for you to add contextual material , please affix the template {{ hangon }} to the page , and put a note on talk : pablo and victor . feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this .
0.010868228
pablo and victor pablo and victor a tag has been placed on pablo and victor requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia this has been done because it is an article about a certain web site blog forum or other community of web users that does not assert the importance or significance of that web location please rea our criteria for speedy deletion particularly item 7 under articles as well as notability guidelines for websites please note that articles must be on notable subjects and should provide references to reliable sources which verify their content please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself to contest the tagging and request that administrators wait a while for you to add contextual material please affix the template hangon to the page and put a note on talk pablo and victor feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this 
0.0095335245
read

: i give up . the user who has nominated it for deletion is saying that it should be deleted because it does not follow the rules of the spanish wikipedia . he says that the english wikipedia uses templates much more than the spanish wikipedia does but also that the spanish wikipedia tries to avoid the english wikipedia's broad usage of templates . : how can i argue with that ? i think i'll have to give in asap and allow it to be deleted . (
0.022857457
i give up the user who has nominated it for deletion is saying that it should be deleted because it does not follow the rules of the spanish wikipedai he says that the english wikipedi uses templates much more than the spanish wikfipedia does but also that the spanish wikipdia tries to avoid the english wikipedias broad usage of templates how can i argue with that i think ill have to give in asap and allow it to be deleted 
0.022825614
wikipedia

please stop removing things without explaining yourself
0.13557611
please sop removing things without explaining yourself 
0.061711084
stop

by the way i never removed the tag from the image , you removed my dispute . as far as i lnow it isn't required to display that it is tagged on the article .
0.033997413
by the way i never removed the tag from the image you removed my dipute as far as i lnow it isnt required to display that it is tagged on the article 
0.029453602
dispute

user pages just a reminder that the purpose of a user page ( like () is to enable active editors of wikipedia to introduce themselves to other editors . wikipedia is not a general hosting service , so you should not consider your user page to be a personal homepage . content unrelated to wikipedia or its editing may be removed or deleted . as of now , you've made all of 5 article edits in 3-1/2 months and yet have made 62 edits to your user page to add 83 userboxes . in other words , you have over sixteen times the number of userboxes as you do actual article edits which is not the sign of an active editor . again , content unrelated to wikipedia or its editing may be removed or deleted , and that includes user pages of non-editors . please see the user page guidelines , especially this section for more information . |
0.027511192
user pages just a reminder that the purpose of a user page like is to enable active editors of wikipedia to introduce themselves to other editors wikipedia is not a general hosting service so you should not consider your user page to be a personal homepage content unrelated to wikipedia or its editing may be removed or deleted as of now youve made all of 5 article edits in 312 months and yet havu made 62 edits to your user page to add 83 userboxes in other words you hae over sixteen times the number of userboxes as you do actual article edits which is not the sign of an active editor again content unrelated to wikipedia or its editing may be removed or deleted and that includes user pages of noneditors please see the user page guidelines especially this section for more information 
0.02573865
have

many of the world's most influential people are dead . do we let other people to ruin their legacies just because they are no more physically here ? i mean , as i said before , i won't oppose the term dictator anymore but you must be calm and polite . sometimes a single man can rule better than the coalition of millions but i won’t treat iraqi people like the way many people treat saddam’s legacy . i will wait for a while to see how iraq exercises democracy but honestly i think they don’t have a clue about it .
0.09786426
many of the worlds most influential people are dad do we let other people to ruin their legacies just because they are no more physically here i mean as i said before i wont oppose the term dictator anymore but you must be calm and polite sometimes a single man can rule better than the coalition of millions but i won’t treat iraqi people like the way many people treat saddam’s legacy i will wait for a while to see how iraq exercises democracy but honestly i think they don’t have a clue about it 
0.07561044
dead

= = werdnabot messages = = hi ! i was going through your talk page history and noticed that werdnabot archived 12 messages . these messages were left on for a long time , which had to be archived manually to this page . i just want to bring these to your attention , in case you haven't read these messages yet . '''''''''' reviews ?
0.019703897
werdnabot messages hi i was going through your talk page history and noticed that werdnabot archived 12 messages these messages were left on for a long time which had to e archived manually to this page i just want to bring these to your attention in case you havent read these messages yet reviews 
0.018965062
be

:: let's break it down and figure out what to put on the images . first of all , how did you get image : uss piedmont ad-17 . jpg ? did you find it on a web site ? did you scan it from a book ? did you go to a naval museum or something , find it in their archives , and have them put it on disk for you ?
0.02187064
lets break it down and figure out what to put on the images first of all how did you gt image uss piedmont ad17 jpg did you find it on a web site did you scan it from a book did you go to a naval museum or something find it in their archives and have them put it on disk for you 
0.016982913
get

please do not add commentary or your own personal analysis to wikipedia articles . doing so violates wikipedia's neutral point of view policy and breaches the formal tone expected in an encyclopedia . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you . -
0.030348469
please do not add commentary or your own personal analysis to wikipedia articles doing so violates wikipedias neutral point of view policy and breaches the formal tone expected in an encyclopedia if you would lke to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.0278889
like

where does the picture come from ? it looks really studio-like . i remember seeing it in 1999 on taransmith.com, and i assume that site belonged to and was endorsed by taran . is it really the uploader's work ?
0.024265738
where does the picture come from it loks really studiolike i remember seeing it in 1999 on taransmithcom and i assume that site belonged to and was endorsed by taran is it really the uploaders work 
0.02339728
looks

: how do i archive my page ?
0.009891617
how do i archive my age 
0.008238466
page

: joshbuddy , i have no hostility whatsoever toward anyone here . why should i ? on the other hand , it is highly disrespectful to completely ignore what others have to say by not responding to specific replies to specific requests . several here have done this towards me , including you . though this is regarded in academia as rude behaviour , i have voiced no feelings of persecution as though concerned about hostility or lack of hostility toward my person . if others feel somehow threatened by my presentations then they should know that i respond very well to well-researched and sound presentations . on the other hand , though cordial in intent and décor , i will not hold back hard criticism no matter how hard it may be to hear it . and , this is the way it should be . have you ever made a submission to britannica or world book , or to the likes of jama or bmj ? i have . if we want a high degree of veracity in wikipedia then we must exact a high standard of critical process . : you wrote : :: “ regarding previous statements you have made , i didn't see any explanation from you as to why the lead-in did not summarize the article . ” : i have offered no explanation to why the lead-in did not summarize the article because i do not believe the verified version does not summarise the article . alas , your statement makes me understand why you have failed to understand what i have already submitted .
0.06918883
joshbuddy i have no hostility whatsoever toward anyone here why should i on the other hand it is highly disrespectful to completely ignore what others have to say by not responding to specific replies to specific requests several here have done this towards me including you though this is regarded in academia as rud behaviour i have voiced no feelings of persecution as though concerned about hostility or lack of hostility toward my person if others feel somehow threatened by my presentations then they should know that i respond very well to wellresearched and sound presentations on the other hand though cordial in intent and décor i will not hold back hard criticism no matter how hard it may be to hear it and this is the way it should be have you ever made a submission to britannica or world book or to the likes of jama or bmj i have if we want a high degree of veracity in wikipedia then we must exact a high standard of critical process you wrote “ regarding previous statements you have made i didnt see any explanation from you as to why the leadin did not summarize the article ” i have offered no explanation to why the leadin did not summarize the article because i do not believe the verified version does not summarise the article alas your statement makes me understand why you have failed to understand what i have already submitted 
0.056171604
rude

to be fayre sam of this stoof maches wot us read in a book by robert milligan , culled scipio to nero ; a study of roman politics . oi now im only a englander , boot we knows wharrere an abot
0.07421458
to be fayre sam of this stoof maches wot us read in a book by robert milligan culled scipio to nero a study of roman politics oi now im only a englander boo we knows wharrere an abot 
0.05633139
boot

i expanded vintagekit's version , which i felt had a better structure than the original , while reinserting some deleted material . i have also added some new information . perhaps other editors might feel i have added too much on the background and reactions , but i felt that it was important in order to understand first the context of the killings and then their impact on public perceptions in ni . vintagekits , do you still feel that there is superfluos info here ?
0.07929105
i expanded vintlgekits version which i felt had a better structure than the original while reinserting some deleted material i have also added some new information perhaps other editors might feel i have added too much on the background and reactions but i felt that it was important in order to understand first the context of the killings and then their impact on public perceptions in ni vitagekits do you still feel that there is superfluos info here 
0.04641421
vintagekits

a tag has been placed on hillsboro aviation , inc ., requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia . this has been done under the criteria for speedy deletion , because the article seems to be blatant advertising which only promotes a company , product , group or service and which would need to be fundamentally rewritten in order to become an encyclopedia article . please read the general criteria for speedy deletion , particularly item 11 , as well as the guidelines on spam . if you can indicate why the subject of this article is not blatant advertising , you may contest the tagging . to do this , please add on the top of the page and leave a note on the article's talk page explaining your position . please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself , but don't hesitate to add information to the article that would help make it encyclopedic , as well as adding any citations from reliable sources to ensure that the article will be verifiable . feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this .
0.025314078
a tag has been placed on hillsboro aviation inc requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia this has been done under the criteria for speedy deletion because the article seems to be bltant advertising which only promotes a company product group or service and which would need to be fundamentally rewritten in order to become an encyclopedia article please read the general criteria for speedy deletion particularly item 11 as well as the guidelines on spam if you can indicate why the subject of this article is not latant advertising you may contest the tagging to do this please add on the top of the page and leave a note on the articles talk page explaining your position please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself but dont hesitate to add information to the article that would help make it encyclopedic as well as adding any citations from reliable sources to ensure that the article will be verifiable feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this 
0.014693137
blatant

welcome , and thank you for experimenting with wikipedia ! your test worked , and thank you for reverting or removing it yourself . the best way to do tests in the future would be to use the sandbox . you can look at these pages as well : how to edit a page , the tutorial , and how to write a great article . all of these pages are good places to start . again , welcome , and i hope that you will like wikipedia .
0.01614625
welcome and thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and thank you for reverting or removing it yourself the best way to do tests in the future would be to ue the sandbox you can look at these pages as well how to edit a page the tutorial and how to write a great article all of these pages are good places to start again welcome and i hope that you will like wikipedia 
0.012066216
use

i do not understand how this page isnt a biography .
0.018010957
i d not understand how this page isnt a biography 
0.01755543
do

so , did you go back and remove the quote sections from all the other episode entries ? or are you just singling out this episode to prove some point ?
0.07841853
so did you go back and remove the quote sections from all the other episode entries or are you just singling out this episode to rove some point 
0.06383315
prove

::: no , you weren't quick on the revert . clown was quick on the censorship button . this sort of wanton editing for the sake of ego is what's going to kill wikipedia .
0.56623405
no you werent quick on the revert clon was quick on the censorship button this sort of wanton editing for the sake of ego is whats going to kill wikipedia 
0.54765123
clown

