= = oh ... = = thanks for saving me the trouble of doing the copypaste on the rest of the album .
0.03797602
oh thanks for saving me the trouble of doing the copypaste on the res of the album 
0.014552295
rest

jdwolff ( the mentally imbalanced loser ) wryfully strikes again . . . some people always just seem to allow their utter incoherence to get the better of them . as a white medical doctor , i am totally disgusted by the general medical council ( gmc ) and strongly support the ' fire and brimestone ' approach of the abolish the gmc campaign . the gmc press office directly connives with the tabloids to blast their own screaming headlines all over the place - so the abolish the gmc guys have every right to choose the very same style if they so wish . jdwolff should go take a long cold shower - as his bias stinks !
0.59717077
jdwolff the mentally imbalanced loser wryfully strikes again some people always just seem to allow their utter incoherence to get the better of them as a white medical doctor i am totally disgusted by the genera medical council gmc and strongly support the fire and brimestone approach of the abolish the gmc campaign the gmc press office directly connives with the tabloids to blast their own screaming headlines all over the place so the abolish the gmc guys have every right to choose the very same style if they so wish jdwolff should go take a long cold shower as his bias stinks 
0.47140592
general

news coverage that includes video recordings of actual events are not talk issues . they are objective , tangible recordings and are , by definition , history . ( history is a recording of the past . ) talk is about opinions . facts , including videos that capture historical events , should be on the article's page . you can discuss the ramifications of a video on the talk page all you want , but the video itself is a historical record and should be on the article page . in this way , videos are no different than a digitial picture of the u.s. constitution .
0.015730323
news coverage that includes video recordings of actual events are not talk issues they are objective tangible recordings and are by definition history history is a recording of the pas talk is about opinions facts including videos that capture historical events should be on the articles page you can discuss the ramifications of a video on the talk page all you want but the video itself is a historical record and should be on the article page in this way videos are no different than a digitial picture of the us constitution 
0.012754912
past

sooooo ... does any other admin want to come and delete this idea for the sake of some shallow excuse like banned users ? huh ? huh ? come on guys , show us all how intelligent you are ! atta boy ! good boys !
0.5321469
sooooo does any other admin want to come and delete this idea for the sake of some shalow excuse like banned users huh huh come on guys show us all how intelligent you are atta boy good boys 
0.34168094
shallow

, and keeping it in a subsection ( so that the distinction between it and the rest of the article is clear ) is best
0.010639994
and keeping it in a subsection so that the distinction between it and the rest of the article is lear is best 
0.008978095
clear

please do not replace wikipedia pages with blank content . blank pages are harmful to wikipedia because they have a tendency to confuse readers . if it is a duplicate article , please redirect it to an appropriate existing page . if the page has been vandalised , please revert it to the last legitimate version . if you feel that the content of a page is inappropriate , please edit the page and replace it with appropriate content . if you believe there is no hope for the page , please see the deletion policy for how to proceed . thanks for contributing to wikipedia ! ' 0 '''
0.052635916
please do not replace wikipedia pages with blank content blank pages are harmful to wikipedia because they have a tendency to confuse readers if it is a duplicate article please redirect it to an appropriate existing page if the page has been vandalised please revert it to the last legitimate version if you feel that the content of a page is iappropriate please edit the page and replace it with appropriate content if you believe there is no hope for the page please see the deletion policy for how to proceed thanks for contributing to wikipedia 0 
0.032903943
inappropriate

you are wrong in your reading of the existing text : being the driver of a process does not make you into a * sufficient * factor/cause . furthermore , genetic variation is already mentioned in the same paragraph and appropriately so .
0.068375945
you are wrog in your reading of the existing text being the driver of a process does not make you into a sufficient factorcause furthermore genetic variation is already mentioned in the same paragraph and appropriately so 
0.041683387
wrong

( utc ) jhorjhez bee-zay , long o . 04:15 , 16 february 2006
0.021915711
utc jhorjhez beezay lng o 0415 16 february 2006 
0.02137778
long

= = neurophone = = actually , there's no reason that this should even be on wikipedia . the science behind the concept is bad , the device itself claims to do almost nothing , and nothing i've seen gives any indication of notability within any field , with the possible exception of futuristic snake oil devices . : bye .
0.11835288
neurophone actually theres no reason that this should even be on wikipedia the science behind the concept is ba the device itself claims to do almost nothing and nothing ive seen gives any indication of notability within any field with the possible exception of futuristic snake oil devices bye 
0.077544734
bad

: sjakkalle , this work was writen by me for the company , and since i still work for the company i thought i could upload it anywhere i wanted to do i have to rewrite the whole thing now ? that will be kinda hard you know , im not that creative enough to think of a new write up , any suggestions ? i see . i can try to give you some advice . * wikipedia is an encyclopedia , with a strict neutral point of view policy and that the self-introduction companies often give on their own websites will often not be accepted here . * using wikipedia in order to increase publicity of oneself or one's company is discouraged , see what wikipedia is not . * submitting a thing to wikipedia or any wikimedia project , means you are licensing it under the gnu free documentation license which means that the text on the website is released into public domain . this may not be what you desire . * several editors here have opinions on which companies should have articles at all about them at all . very many are uncomfortable with articles about small and obscure companies , and want only articles about companies which are notable . some guidelines for what will make a company notable can be found at wp : corp . please check that auriga logic meets , or at least comes close to meeting some of the wp : corp guidelines to see whether a wikipedia article on the company is worthwile in the first place . if so , the article must be written in a neutral tone ( and realise that it can be mercilessly edited by other users ) , and must not be a copyright infringement . if this is not possible , i am sorry to say that the article has to be deleted .
0.027831241
sjakkalle this work was writen by me for the company and since i still work for the company i thought i could upload it anywhere i wanted to do i have to rewrite the whole thing now that will be kinda hard you know im not that creative enough to think of a new write up any suggestions i see i can try to give you some advice wikipedia is an encyclopedia with a strict neutral point of view policy and that the selfintroduction companies often give on their own websites will often not be accepted here using wikipedia in order to increase publicity of oneself or ones company is discouraged see what wikipedia is not submitting a thing to wikipedia or any wikimedia project means you are licensing it under the gnu free documentation license which means that the text on the website is released into public domain this may not be what you desire several editors here have opinions on which companies should have articles at all about them at all very many are uncomfortabl with articles about small and obscure companies and want only articles about companies which are notable some guidelines for what will make a company notable can be found at wp corp please check that auriga logic meets or at least comes close to meeting some of the wp corp guidelines to see whether a wikipedia article on the company is worthwile in the first place if so the article must be written in a neutral tone and realise that it can be mercilessly edited by other users and must not be a copyright infringement if this is not possible i am sorry to say that the article has to be deleted 
0.020716503
uncomfortable

:: you sir , are either a communist true believer bent on deleting good information , or you are an idiot . not one of those pages is a blog . all the material is cited . if you disagree , find cited material that argues the opposite . there is no vandalism going on . i suggest you learn the meaning and stop throwing it around . if anyone is causing trouble it is you . you are the one deleting cited and legitimate sources and information . stop it . ( gibby )
0.59136754
you sir are either a communist true believer bent on deleting good information or you are an diot not one of those pages is a blog all the material is cited if you disagree find cited material that argues the opposite there is no vandalism going on i suggest you learn the meaning and stop throwing it around if anyone is causing trouble it is you you are the one deleting cited and legitimate sources and information stop it gibby 
0.17790808
idiot

: i have went ahead and made changes to the article if anybody has any problems with it discuss here and we can put out a more accurate article on the group .
0.015679758
i have went ahead and mae changes to the article if anybody has any problems with it discuss here and we can put out a more accurate article on the group 
0.012126172
made

i find jpgordon's claims to be bogus ... none of those are personal attacks as they are not addressed to any specific person . furthermore , i now have doubts about the intentions of jpgordon as he has refused to block canderra despite canderra's violation of the 3rr rule ( 4 reverts in 24 hours ) . see revert 1 and 4 compared . http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=che_guevara&diff;=39908363&oldid;=39772586 i also think it is a bit suspect that 2 other leftists editors jump on board immediatly following my block and work to revert and discuss once i'm gone ... and find it a bit more suspect that these leftists and jpgordon accuse some anonymous ip address as being me ... talk about good faith . canderra's claims are idiotic at best . i am not surprised that the leftists don't care as they have shown no dicipline for allowing information contrary to their own beliefs . even the most insane excuses are accepted by them . saying these this behavior is idiotic or stupid is reasonable given the fact that this material is deleted because canderra believes the sources to be blogs . not one source is a blog . the new york sun , usa today , frontpage magazine , florida international university , history news network , and the independent research institute ... are not blogs . canderra is just making up excuses to delete information he does not like and the leftists sycophants are working to have me blocked while ignoring canderra's ( and others ) abuses . ( gibby )
0.43568748
i find jpgordons claims to be bogus none of those are personal attacks as they are not addressed to any specific person furthermore i now have doubts about the intentions of jpgordon as he has refused to block canderra despite canderras violation of the 3rr rule 4 reverts in 24 hours see revert 1 and 4 compared httpenwikipediaorgwindexphptitlecheguevaradiff39908363oldid39772586 i also think it is a bit suspect that 2 other leftists editors jump on board immediatly following my block and work to revert and discuss once im gone and find it a bit more suspect that these leftists and jpgordon accuse some anonymous ip address as being me talk about good faith canderras claims are iditoic at best i am not surprised that the leftists dont care as they have shown no dicipline for allowing information contrary to their own beliefs even the most insane excuses are accepted by them saying these this behavior is idioti or stupid is reasonable given the fact that this material is deleted because canderra believes the sources to be blogs not one source is a blog the new york sun usa today frontpage magazine florida international university history news network and the independent research institute are not blogs canderra is just making up excuses to delete information he does not like and the leftists sycophants are working to have me blocked while ignoring canderras and others abuses gibby 
0.19391127
idiotic

please stop removing sockpuppet templates from userpages . if you continue , you will be blocked . thank you ,
0.21774828
please stop removing sckpuppet templates from userpages if you continue you will be blocked thank you 
0.13874973
sockpuppet

