:::: ah , so you admit your violation to wp : own . and bunchofgrapes little biased support ( based on ... well , we all know what ) is simply amusing . but ... then , seeing how you expect to be treated like a queen and that whatever you say goes : no . this is not your article . you do not have the rights to decide what is trolling and all of this bullsh*t . learn your lesson , wise up , and start respecting the decisions of others . you are not the only person in this world , and you are also not anybody such as queen elizabeth , who would certainly rid of your rudeness without argument . :::: i have no interest in enhancing this article any further . let it weep all that it wants . and enough of the email-is-perfect-let's-sock conversations . i am done with you , i am done with you , i am done with you . this is history . thank god . — |
0.49165675
ah so you admit your violation to wp own and bunchofgrapes little biased support based on well we all know what is simply amusing but then seeing how you expect to be treated like a q u e e n and that whatever you say goes no this is not your article you do not have the rights to decide what is trolling and all of this bullsht learn your lesson wise up and start respecting the decisions of others you are not the only person in this world and you are also not anybody such as qeen elizabeth who would certainly rid of your rudeness without argument i have no interest in enhancing this article any further let it weep all that it wants and enough of the emailisperfectletssock conversations i am done with you i am done with you i am done with you this is history thank god — 
0.20329483
queen

article , we can still source the material , and keep on looking for online text
0.0064690043
article we can still source the material and keep on looking for online txt 
0.0061138417
text

= = thank you = = hi , thank you for voting in my rfa which failed eventually at a result of ( 91/51/8 ) . i do not plan to run for adminship until a later date . once again , i would like to thank you for voting . |
0.025166316
thank you hi thank you for voting in my rfa which ailed eventually at a result of 91518 i do not plan to run for adminship until a later date once again i would like to thank you for voting 
0.0077725817
failed

= = order of films = = i noticed her films are listed with the oldest towards the top , whereas most other actors i have seen list the most recent film ( newest ) at the top . is there any type of standard that should be applied ?
0.0077708894
order of films i noticed her films are listed with the oldest towards the top whereas most other actor i have seen list the most recent film newest at the top is there any type of standard that should be applied 
0.0039102817
actors

: as you kinow it yourself you are not elligible nor credible nor a reliable source of neutrality in this case as you are yourself a mormon and all you do is to support other mormons , without following any wikipedias rules , but your own churchs solidarity . i dont believe that any of you has even the intention of being straightfo9rward with non mormon or to be a little bit honest , but that the alone thing that activate you is your own religious believe and the pedantisme to think that all you may say or do is auto righteous in the name of the church and all the illusions you dream of with open eyes . i dont want a mormon admi i dont want a mmormon admi i dont want a mormon admi to look into this case but an exterm¨n al one with no relations nor conacts what so ever with this church nor its representants or members . if you cant do that , must be because your circle of admi friends is around the church , or because you know very deeply that all you did was deeply unappropriate and wont stand a micro mile in a wiki trail . i am mad , very mad at you , also because you ignore what i have say , so why should i care about your saying and doing if we have to be neutraly equal ? any idea ? i want the text who was deleeted from the archive , it is unacceptable that a text is deleeted from archive and from the edit history , just one hour after it was reverted and less than a day after it was written , without any previous warning of any kind about it . this is all about wiki rules and you have broken them all .
0.2151661
as you kinow it yourself you are not elligible nor credible nor a reliable source of neutrality in this case as you are yourself a mormon and all you do is to support other mormons without following any wikipedias rules but your own churchs solidarity i dont believe that any of you has even the intention of being straightfo9rward with non mormon or to be a little bit honest but that the alone thing that activate you is your own religious believe and the pedantisme to think that all you may say or do is auto righteous in the name of the church and all the illusions you dream of with open eyes i dont want a mormon admi i dont want a mmormon admi i dont want a mormon admi to look into this case but an exterm¨n al one with no relations nor conacts what so ever with this church nor its representants or members if you cant do that must be because your circle of admi friends is around the church or because you know very deeply that all you did was deeply unappropriate and wont stand a micro mile in a wiki trail i am ma very md at you also because you ignore what i have say so why should i care about your saying and doing if we have to be neutraly equal any idea i want the text who was deleeted from the archive it is unacceptable that a text is deleeted from archive and from the edit history just one hour after it was reverted and less than a day after it was written without any previous warning of any kind about it this is all about wiki rules and you have broken them all 
0.18233019
mad

: make your mind up - either i'm a marxist or a nazi ! either way , you are in breach of the wikipedia : no personal attacks rule . your persistent and blatant pov insertions into the articles english people and kingdom of england have been duly noted , and your first official warning has been issued . if you persist , you will be banned .
0.39664635
make your mind up either im a marxist or a nzi either way you are in breach of the wikipedia no personal attacks rule your persistent and blatant pov insertions into the articles english people and kingdom of england have been duly noted and your first official warning has been issued if you persist you will be banned 
0.25373858
nazi

: this paragraph was added to my talk page by as a direct copy of a warning that i issued to him for his persistent vandalism .
0.11690423
this paragraph was added to my talk page by as a direct copy of a warning that i issued to him for his persistent andalism 
0.06516347
vandalism

= = this structure is terrible = = it looks like a guide to club planning . the history is stuck at the end .
0.28973094
this structure is trrible it looks like a guide to club planning the history is stuck at the end 
0.06940006
terrible

= = yanksox sucks dicks !!!!! = =
0.9782065
yanksox sucks dcks 
0.95882475
dicks

i ahve and i ahve been more than patient with you . you just refuse to see things in any way but yours . the sad part is , i am from ct so i should know this .
0.15112302
i ave and i ahe been more than patient with you you just refuse to see things in any way but yours the sad part is i am from ct so i should know this 
0.13145673
ahve

come on ! this was after you made a million and one excuses and refused to change the simple editonly because it goes against your new england fudamnetalist views . after i have provided proof and you have provided nothing and you still don't allow the change , what eles can i call you but a liar ?
0.5353786
come on this was after you made a million and one excuses and refused to change the simple editonly because it goes against your new england fudamnetalist views after i have provided proof and you have provided nothing and you still dont allow the change what eles can i call you but a lia 
0.1580275
liar

= = school page = = for the last few says i couldnt get on the school's web page i thought it had be shut down but its up . http://www.corpus.pa.net/
0.108869866
school page for the last few says i couldnt get on the schools web page i thought it had be sht down but its up httpwwwcorpuspanet 
0.100019634
shut

= = stalking = = you little shit you need to stop following me around wikipedia and deleting every fuckin thing i write
0.9614167
stalking you little shit you need to stop following me around wikipedia and deleting every fukin thing i write 
0.94801444
fuckin

matt hamill is an american wrestler turned mma fighter . he was born in cincinnati , ohio and is deaf . he is also a contestant on the third season of the ultimate fighter reality television show . among other achievements , he was a three-time ncaa national champion national technical institute for the deaf in rochester , new york . category : athletes category : wrestlers
0.05218092
matt hamill is an american wrestler turned mma fighter he was born in cincinnati ohio and is dsaf he is also a contestant on the third season of the ultimate fighter reality television show among other achievements he was a threetime ncaa national champion national technical institute for the dea in rochester new york category athletes category wrestlers 
0.022880776
deaf

= = nav box = = i've made a little nav box - it need logo , colour work , layout etc , but it's a start . over to you ... 09:27 16 june 2006 ( gmt ) .
0.014375619
nav box ive made a little nav box it need logo colour work layout etc but its a star over to you 0927 16 june 2006 gmt 
0.0052006226
start

:: wales is popularly known as the land of song , and is known as the home of many musicians and musical styles . this is a contention . this is not a fact , all countries have some semblance of musical culture and heritage , in my view wales cannot be differentiated from these countries on this basis . in other words , i would not pick wales out as being known as the home of many musicians and musical styles above any other country , the citations offered do not qualify this contention . please remove it .
0.017738568
wales i s popularly known as the land of song and i s known as the home of many musicians and musical styles this i s a contention this i not a fact all countries have some semblance of musical culture and heritage in my view wales cannot be differentiated from these countries on this basis in other words i would not pick wales out as being known as the home of many musicians and musical styles above any other country the citations offered do not qualify this contention please remove it 
0.015045052
is

well actually that helps out my ( clearly won and clearly proven , but dismissed in favor of bias ) argument since the other parts of ct are not counted as boston , so it is not hub for any part of ct . also , somone erased this , but i also pointed out that the link includes torrington , ct which is up by mass ! so now that this issue has been proven 50x over compared to no proof from these editors , to show that you people are neutral (!) , now is the time to change that article for truth sake and not because you wish that people see things(lies ) the way that you want them to see it . if you read the ny times , would you want to read lies ? would you want them to just make up stories or have articles read with bias towards an author's opinion ? this is what clearly goes on on wikipedia . too bad most people think that this is a real and valid source of ' true ' information .
0.08898989
well actually that helps out my clearly won and clearly proven but dismissed in favor of bias argument since the other parts of ct are not counted as boston so it is not hub for any part of ct also somone erased this but i also pointed out that the link includes torrington ct which is up by mass so now that this issue has been proven 50x over compared to no proof from these editors to show that you people are neutral now is the time to change that article for truth sake and not because you wish that people see thingslies the way that you want them to see it if you read the ny times would you want to read lis would you want them to just make up stories or have articles read with bias towards an authors opinion this is what clearly goes on on wikipedia too bad most people think that this is a real and valid source of true information 
0.06581538
lies

y r we doing this : pat
0.053009663
y  we doing this pat 
0.025887547
r

= = wikipedia is not a place for .... = = have little awareness that nationalist expression is forbiden in the articles of wikipedia , see article skanderbeg . if you wan't to contribute to the article skanderbeg , you are more then welcome but be aware of the many nationalists like to claim he was greek , macedonian or serb when such claims have not been confirmed by science . please see talk page of the article skanderbeg . thank you . hope you reply .
0.063366584
wikipedia is not a place for have little awareness that nationalist expression is forbiden in the articles of wikipedia see article skanderbeg if you want to contribute to the article skanderbeg you are more then welcome but be aware of the many nationalists like to claim he was greek macedonian or serb when such claims have not been confirmed by science please see tak page of the article skanderbeg thank you hope you reply 
0.048118804
talk

: you are accusing me of slapping labels on . you are making a comment on my civility . comment on content alone , not other editors . —
0.33812776
you rae accusing me of slapping labels on you ar making a comment on my civility comment on content alone not other editors — 
0.336565
are

= = userbox = = i created a userbox for the wikiproject : television episodes and you can paste it into your user page if you want .
0.009712333
userbox i created a userbox for the wikiproject television episodes and you can paste it into your use page if you want 
0.009071885
user

:: interesting . i think i'll keep this thread now . it's a very clear example of admin abuse . because i didn't take your crap on my talk page , you personally blocked my account to spite me ! that's pretty amazing . i mean , you can't possibly justify it based on the fact that i pointed out that another editor was a supporter of lehi . i notice that you have a history of throwing around disputed accusations of incivility . :: review your own comments on this page . they are a series of taunts and threats . each time , i failed to rise to the challenge and point out what of person you are . i didn't irritate you with a big orange bar by taking it to your talk page . :: anyway , there is no point talking to you . you were losing a debate and so restricted your opponent's ability to act and reply . shows how strong your argument is . —
0.51966125
interesting i think ill keep this thread now its a very clear example of admin abuse because i didnt take your cap on my talk page you personally blocked my account to spite me thats pretty amazing i mean you cant possibly justify it based on the fact that i pointed out that another editor was a supporter of lehi i notice that you have a history of throwing around disputed accusations of incivility review your own comments on this page they are a series of taunts and threats each time i failed to rise to the challenge and point out what of person you are i didnt irritate you with a big orange bar by taking it to your talk page anyway there is no point talking to you you were losing a debate and so restricted your opponents ability to act and reply shows how strong your argument is — 
0.3642893
crap

