= = list of islamic terms in arabic = = saduj seems suspiciously like a strawman sockpuppet . if i have time ill look over his contributions to that page .
0.3497125
list of islamic terms in arabic saduj seems suspiciously like a strawman sockpuppt if i have time ill look over his contributions to that page 
0.20652603
sockpuppet

= = citing qur'an = = is there a proper way to cite the quran ? i've seen several diff . ways but typically i've done chapter number . verse number . line number .
0.043122802
citing quran is there a proper way to cite the quran ive seen several diff ways but typically ive done chapter number vers number line number 
0.026207913
verse

= = vfd reform = = why'd you leave this at #2 ? : if i think anything needs deleting , i just delete it . right away . ed poor i took that as approval to be bold .
0.13295746
vfd reform whyd you leave this at 2 if i think anything needs deleting i just delete it right away ed oor i took that as approval to be bold 
0.08225382
poor

= = thanks = = thank you for your vote of support on my recent rfa . i was quite surprised by the amount of support i received , and wish to extend my thanks to you for taking the time to support my nomination for adminship . |
0.009737364
thanks thank you for your vote of support on my recent rfa i was quite surprised by the amount of support i received and wih to extend my thanks to you for taking the time to support my nomination for adminship 
0.0077995276
wish

warning i see that the encyclopedia mythica has been cited as a source . several scandinavians , , , and myself have identified bogus information taken from that site on norse mythology , and removed it from wikipedia .
0.048971392
warning i see that the encyclopedia mythica has been cited as a source several scandinavians and myself have identified ogus information taken from that site on norse mythology and removed it from wikipedia 
0.029929586
bogus

::: harro . this paul chiu . mr. mehrafshan you seem so like zeleshk . you same pelson ? and mr. zeleshk , you say sahm-i sādāt is offset by other mean for non-sayyeds , but why is two class of iranian ? why is not same for all iranian ? i be grad you educate me . i am always interested iran . thank you . paul chiu
0.052573144
harro this paul chiu mr mehrafshan you seem so like zeleshk you same pelson and mr zeleshk you say sahmi sādāt is offset by other mean for nonsayyeds but why is two cass of iranian why is not same for all iranian i be grad you educate me i am always interested iran thank you paul chiu 
0.050380003
class

does anybody know what the outcome of the chicago pornography charges were ? have they gone to trial yet ?
0.05125958
does anybody know what the outcome of the chicago porngraphy charges were have they gone to trial yet 
0.022405097
pornography

= = western betryal = = there was a sentance which indicated that churchil and stalin had divided up eastern europe between them without an american presence . churchil's memoires make it clear that his intent was to clarify * operational influence * ( e.g. * someone * has to be in charge , lets sort out who and where ) for the period prior to the yalta conference when matters would be properly and permanently decided .
0.028675871
western betryal there was a sentance which indicated that churchil and stalin had divided up eastern europe between them without an american presence churchils memoires make it clar that his intent was to clarify operational influence eg someone has to be in charge lets sort out who and where for the period prior to the yalta conference when matters would be properly and permanently decided 
0.018559435
clear

= = article quality = = this article totally sucks ! cali is a very significant town not only in columbia , but due to it being a seat of the cocaine trade , is significant for the entire western hemisphere and europe . this article is a joke .
0.7660223
article quality this article totally scks cali is a very significant town not only in columbia but due to it being a seat of the cocaine trade is significant for the entire western hemisphere and europe this article is a joke 
0.38658413
sucks

ahm . i thought his father's first wife was ( but who was grandmother ? ) - i had a nightmarish thought that there are now claims that godfrey was born already during 1st marrioage and was not a blood relation to lorraines from whom his lands however were inherited .
0.08191065
ahm i thought his fathers first wife was but who was grandmother i had a nightmrish thought that there are now claims that godfrey was born already during 1st marrioage and was not a blood relation to lorraines from whom his lands however were inherited 
0.046795674
nightmarish

so does the npov not apply to this page ?
0.02169456
so des the npov not apply to this page 
0.016519753
does

: danny your motives are clearly not about being more encyclopaedic as we have seen your methods time and time again . as the wikipedia page says : . . . you can quickly insert inline references to web pages by inserting a url surrounded by single square brackets ; this does not provide as much information to readers , but it is much better than not citing your sources at all interestingly , i see you have only attacked and vandalized the quotes website , and none of the watchtower's multiple links , no surprise there with your gross bias screaming from the rooftops . as for the links to quotes websites , they are extremely encyclopaedic , and the 1975 page has no commentary , but lists all the printed material about 1975 , so as to give fair and reasonable coverage , rather than just a few selective quotes . they are all given their source , publication , date and page numbers for proof and reference . your apparent fear and terror that the public might actually read what the watchtower organization has written is very revealing . you clearly have an agenda to vandalize and ban free speech when it doesn't suit your agenda , not dissimilar to your religious organisation . i suggest you look inside and see why now after many months , you feel the desperate need to hide accurate , comprehensive , dated , quotes , direct and unaltered that have been published by the watch tower society ? if you can give all the 1975 publications from the watchtower's website , then i'm sure many here will be only to happy to list that link , but i think you will find they refuse to give any information to the public about their less than flattering publications , and that is where we all need to see a comprehensive and fully documented source like the excellent quotes site on 1975 . you have failed to substantiate any of your claims about the quotes site ; merely saying it's not useful is a deadpan pov with no basis but your own fear of reality , and your desperate urged to manipulate the public . posted central 5 august 2005
0.15765536
danny your motives are clearly not about being more encyclopaedic as we have seen your methods time and time again as the wikipedia page says you can quickly insert inline references to web pages by inserting a url surrounded by single square brackets this does not provide as much information to readers but it is much better than not citing your sources at all interestingly i see you have only attacked and vandalized the quotes website and none of the watchtowers multiple links no surprise there with your gross bias screaming from the rooftops as for the links to quotes websites they are extremely encyclopaedic and the 1975 page has no commentary but lists all the printed material about 1975 so as to give fair and reasonable coverage rather than just a few selective quotes they are all given their source publication date and page numbers for proof and reference your apparent fear and terror that the public might actually read what the watchtower organization has written is very revealing you clearly have an agenda to vandalize and ban free speech when it doesnt suit your agenda not dissimilar to your religious organisation i suggest you look inside and see why now after many months you feel the desperate need to hide accurate comprehensive dated quotes direct and unaltered that have been published by the watch tower society if you can give all the 1975 publications from the watchtowers website then im sure many here will be only to happy to list that link but i think you will find they refuse to give any information to the public about their less than flattering publications and that is where we all need to see a comprehensive and fully documented source like the excellent quotes site on 1975 you have failed to substantiate any of your claims about the quotes site merely saying its not useful is a dedpan pov with no basis but your own fear of reality and your desperate urged to manipulate the public posted central 5 august 2005 
0.11697173
deadpan

= = intro = = i reworded the intro a bit so it does not give an impression that japan surrendered because of the bombing and soviet's invasion . i think , generally speaking it is more prudent for us not to make explicitly statement about the causes behind japan's surrender .
0.094944976
intro i reworded the intro a bit so it does not give an impression that japan surrendered because of the ombing and soviets invasion i think generally speaking it is more prudent for us not to make explicitly statement about the causes behind japans surrender 
0.05378461
bombing

gen xer here - to me everyone is gonna have an oppinon on this subject so here is mine people born from 1964 to 1981 are gen xers gen y starts in 1982.it just seems logical to me . me im born in 1977 i definetly consider myself a gen xer because all my teen years were spend in the early and mid ninties when grunge and alternative music ruled the music scene . i mean when i started high school people were still listening to winger and warrant for god sake by my second year everybody had flannel shirts and riped jeans and were listening to pearl jam and gangster rap . if you were gonna snip a couple of years off the gen i would not snip 80 or 81 i would snip 64 and 65 .
0.04146887
gen xer here to me everyone is gonna have an oppinon on this subject so here is mine people born from 1964 to 1981 are gen xers gen y starts in 1982it just seems logical to me me im born in 1977 i definetly consider myself a gen xer because all my teen years were spend in the early and mid ninties when grunge and alternative music ruled the music scene i mean when i started high school people were still listening to winger and warrant for god sake by my second year everybody had flannel shirts and riped jeans and were listening to pearl jam and gangster rap if you were gonna snip a coupe of years off the gen i would not snip 80 or 81 i would snip 64 and 65 
0.035093367
couple

i have plans to customize such . to edit a bit at least to explain some individual circumstances of accession . this was an easy and efficient way to have the basis twxtpiece in use , so that no need to write it from own memory . also others may add individual circumstances .
0.012437822
i have plans to customize such to edit a bit at least to explain some individual circumstances of accession this was an easy and efficient way to have the basis twxtpiece in use so that no need to rite it from own memory also others may add individual circumstances 
0.011888123
write

= = china = = why can't china be considered a state which follows neoliberal policies or for that matter india . in the case of india its policies are purely neoliberal ( privatizations of state assets , deregulation , reduction of tariffs , more foreign ownership ) and they have worked . china's policies are also extremely neoliberal ( allowing full repatriation of profits of foreign companies , allowing foreign ownership , privitization of state assets including hospitals schools and telecom companies , reduction of tariffs , stable currency policy , allowing foreign companies to operate with no restrictions whatsoever , allowing foreign investment with few limitations , encouraging private ownership ) . the truth is all of china's reforms are strictly neoliberal since they have made it into more of a capitalist country . this is something opponents of neoliberalism don't want to admit since it completely undermines their position .
0.098640405
china why cant china be considered a state which follows neolibeural policies or for that matter india in the case of india its policies are purely neolibxeral privatizations of state assets deregulation reduction of tariffs more foreign ownership and they have worked chinas policies are also extremely neoliberzl allowing full repatriation of profits of foreign companies allowing foreign ownership privitization of state assets including hospitals schools and telecom companies reduction of tariffs stable currency policy allowing foreign companies to operate with no restrictions whatsoever allowing foreign investment with few limitations encouraging private ownership the truth is all of chinas reforms are strictly neolibral since they have made it into more of a capitalist country this is something opponents of neoliberalism dont want to admit since it completely undermines their position 
0.029126596
neoliberal

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia . thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are a few good links for newcomers : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * editing , policy , conduct , and structure tutorial * picture tutorial * how to write a great article * naming conventions * manual of style * merging , redirecting , and renaming pages * if you're ready for the complete list of wikipedia documentation , there's also wikipedia : topical index . i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! by the way , please be sure to sign your name on talk and vote pages using four tildes (~~~~) to produce your name and the current date , or three tildes (~~~) for just your name . if you have any questions , see the help pages , add a question to the village pump or ask me on my talk page . again , welcome !
0.009243335
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here are a few good links for newcomer the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page editing policy conduct and structure tutorial picture tutorial how to write a great article naming conventions manual of style merging redirecting and renaming pages if youre ready for the complete list of wikipedia documentation theres also wikipedia topical index i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian by the way please be sure to sign your name on talk and vote pages using four tildes to produce your name and the current date or three tildes for just your name if you have any questions see the help pages add a question to the village pump or ask me on my talk page again welcome 
0.0060993223
newcomers

howdy rob , you wrote above , : i disagree with your interpretation . fine , the dominion of canada , is a free country . the footnote was not the basis of my arguement . constitutional law does not afford the retroactive re-naming of terms within a constitutional act . each term that is repelled must be specifically indicated . each clause that is replaced , must be explicitly indicated . your grasp of constitution law and procedures is complete ill-informed . do you have any idea the constitutional chaos that would be created in any present day independent country , that has used as a basis english common-law as a template ? ( i.e. , the usa , canada , australia , new zealand ) do you ? as well , where the **** did you learn that canada had no constitution until 1982 ? oi .
0.18498352
howdy rob you wrote above i disagree with your interpretation fine the dominion of canada is a free country the footnote was not the basis of my arguement constitutional law does not afford the retroactive renaming of terms within a constitutional ct each term that is repelled must be specifically indicated each clause that is replaced must be explicitly indicated your grasp of constitution law and procedures is complete illinformed do you have any idea the constitutional chaos that would be created in any present day independent country that has used as a basis english commonlaw as a template ie the usa canada australia new zealand do you as well where the did you learn that canada had no constitution until 1982 oi 
0.05390668
act

kingdom hearts 2 theme song- i know that utada is singing the theme song again for kingdom hearts 2 , and i know its named passion . but i was wondering , will there be a slow version of the song aswell as a remix , like they did for kingdom hearts simple and clean ?
0.01402005
kingdom hearts 2 theme song i know that utada is singing the theme song again for kingdom hearts 2 and i know its named passion but i was wondering will there be a slo version of the song aswell as a remix like they did for kingdom hearts simple and clean 
0.011374463
slow

= = a link to the past = = hi , i never had any discussions with a link to the past , just reverted a blanking as i would delete any other form of vandalism i came across . if someone else talked with link , please ask them about it .
0.04498514
a link to the past hi i never had any discussions with a link to the past just reverted a blanking as i would delete any other form of vndalism i came across if someone else talked with link please ask them about it 
0.017808769
vandalism

= = against = = i am against this proposal because you touch yourself at night !
0.43156257
against i am against this proposal because you touc yourself at night 
0.36826336
touch

i changed tyron evans to tyrone evans , as the former was a spelling error . evans also has two nicknames , alimoe and black widow , the latter of which i also added . if i'm not mistaken , shane woney and waliyy dixon did not get their contracts renewed and are thus no longer on tour . -shenzhou
0.04427442
i changed tyron evans to tyrone evans as the former was a spelling error evans also has two nicknames alimoe and lack widow the latter of which i also added if im not mistaken shane woney and waliyy dixon did not get their contracts renewed and are thus no longer on tour shenzhou 
0.036141448
black

yeah . i can see a result victoria alix feodorovna of the rhine-russia , grand ducal highness the tsaritsa from a bunch of nice rounds of voting , component by component . then i can see jtdirl come screaming bloody murder ( not that it would much differ from the present ) .
0.21009897
yeah i can see a result victoria alix feodorovna of the rhinerussia grand ducal highness the tsaritsa from a bunch of nice rounds of voting component by component then i can see jtdirl come screaming bloody muder not that it would much differ from the present 
0.15104626
murder

actually , i , too , am esteban ' steve ' espinola . which is why i ended up using that as the name i edit under . look under my name , i've done edits on numerous articles this week , since i joined up . mmmmmbo had me over to the biff rose site , as i have written some music criticism . i went over to his website , and was surprised to find some lyrics that could only be construed as racist . i ordered a disk , from old , and got one from new , and it is quite clear the later years has been a hateful time for rose . it's important not to let your own opinions ride through the entries , so i have added words such as detractors and critics , though willmcw keeps adding niceties that make it seem as as if the whole of rose's ouvre was happy go lucky . it is not , and so should be noted , this strange turn toward angry old man , with particular venom toward minorities . i have also noticed that this ' other ' steve espinola has his own website linked to biff rose's and therefore is probably what you call on here , a sockpuppet . the connection between the ' other ' espinosa and willmcw is not as clear , though they seem to communicate with some regularity . i hope all who read this will check out rose's music , old and new and his mulittude of websites , because the answers are inside his words and web presence . in regards to email , i can email you form my earthlink account . it will identify me as esteban ' steve ' espinola . ok . thanks
0.10653007
actually i too am esteban steve espinola which is why i ended up using that as the name i edit under look under my name ive done edits on numerous articles this week since i joined up mmmmmbo had me over to the biff rose site as i have written some music criticism i went over to his website and was surprised to find some lyrics that could only be construed as raist i ordered a disk from old and got one from new and it is quite clear the later years has been a hateful time for rose its important not to let your own opinions ride through the entries so i have added words such as detractors and critics though willmcw keeps adding niceties that make it seem as as if the whole of roses ouvre was happy go lucky it is not and so should be noted this strange turn toward angry old man with particular venom toward minorities i have also noticed that this other steve espinola has his own website linked to biff roses and therefore is probably what you call on here a sockpuppet the connection between the other espinosa and willmcw is not as clear though they seem to communicate with some regularity i hope all who read this will check out roses music old and new and his mulittude of websites because the answers are inside his words and web presence in regards to email i can email you form my earthlink account it will identify me as esteban steve espinola ok thanks 
0.062501535
racist

= = x-treme x-men = = just saw that you listed this article for speedy deletion . i agree that the article was in excessively poor shape ( and i've fixed it ) , but i don't think speedy deletion was appropriate in this case . the article was on a real thing in x-men comics , so there should be some form of article on this . probably a listing on cleanup , or , at the very worst , vfd would have been better .
0.08571326
xtreme xmen just saw that you listed this article for speedy deletion i agree that the article was in excessively poor shape and ive fixed it but i dont think speedy deletion was appropriate in this case the article was on a real thing in xmen comics so there should be some form of article on this probably a listing on cleanup or at the very orst vfd would have been better 
0.03788579
worst

