= = your age = = you might want to rethink advertising your age . not many people are going to take seriously some snot-nosed , wet-behind-the-ears punk kid . : don't be so insulting . you certainly act the age of a kid . grow up will you . firefox does a good job here . | : please also bare in mind : wikipedia : no personal attacks . | :: i'm sure it's true - i bet he does make it harder on himself by letting everyone know how young he is . i know i'm a lot less likely to listen to some little kid with braces and zits on his face . not that firefox does , necessarily , but that's image a lot of people are going to have .
0.25941882
your age you might want to rethink advertising your age not many people are going to take seriously some snotnosed wetbehindtheears punk kid dont be so insulting you certainly act the age of a kid grow up will you firefox does a good job here please also bare in mind wikipedia no personal attacks im sure its true i bet he does make it harder on himself by letting everyone know how young he is i know im a lot less likely to listen to some little kid with braces and zts on his face not that firefox does necessarily but thats image a lot of people are going to have 
0.17465863
zits

:: holy shit you're dumb . i obviously wasn't questioning maturity ( which you'd know if you read a bit more carefully ) . i just personally find it hard to take seriously something a zit-faced , squeaky-voiced little nerd has to say . ( i should say geek , not nerd . nerds are smart , and you obviously are not . )
0.8458001
holy sht youre dumb i obviously wasnt questioning maturity which youd know if you read a bit more carefully i just personally find it hard to take seriously something a zitfaced squeakyvoiced little nerd has to say i should say geek not nerd nerds are smart and you obviously are not 
0.75178474
shit

folic acid is most important in the first few weeks of pregnancy , when most women don't know they are pregnant . for this reason , all women of child bearing years should supplement folic acid in their diet . brewwer's yeast is an excellent whole food source , supplying the matrix of nutrients to help the body utilize the follic acid . addie evans
0.029415186
folic acdi is most important in the first few weeks of pregnancy when most women dont know they are pregnant for this reason all women of child bearing years should supplement folic acisd in their diet brewwers yeast is an excellent whole food source supplying the matrix of nutrients to help the body utilize the follic aid addie evans 
0.014705844
acid

= = thank you arbcom = = i wanted to wish you good luck with your new responsibility , use it well , use it wisely , and use it often . we need more active editors with check user rights , and honestly i cant think of a better person than yourself .
0.022040265
thank you arbcom i wanted to wih you good luck with your new responsibility use it well use it wisely and use it often we need more active editors with check user rights and honestly i cant think of a better person than yourself 
0.021301728
wish

also , could i ask where you got the map for the district ? it looks a lot like the ones from [ nationalatlas.gov ] but it's a bit different as well . thanks !
0.013354394
also could i ask where you gt the map for the district it looks a lot like the ones from nationalatlasgov but its a bit different as well thanks 
0.013147712
got

sorry about that reversion ; i misread the sentence . ( i do probably 50 edits/reviews a day and sometimes slip up . ) = = reversion of or on the william westmoreland article = =
0.012703652
sorry about that reversion i misread the sentence i do probably 50 editsreviews a day and sometimes slp up reversion of or on the william westmoreland article 
0.010028467
slip

* this article for the most part is supported by fact and should be left at that , maybe a new article of under the religious areas of view
0.037056465
this article for the most part is supported by fact and should be left at that maybe a new article of under the religiou areas of view 
0.021456214
religious

= = whatever = = where did the scar on her left cheek came from anyway ?
0.09494671
whatever where did the scar on her left ceek came from anyway 
0.07022756
cheek

= = nordic cross flag = = i was about to message you but you beat me to it ) well , with that reasoning , i would say i'm generally satisfied with the revert but i still find the current order objectional . which brings to mind , are you aware of any collation guidelines for wikipedia ?
0.04390824
nordic cross flag i was about to message you but you beat me to it well with that reasoning i woul say im generally satisfied with the revert but i still find the current order objectional which brings to mind are you aware of any collation guidelines for wikipedia 
0.043250933
would

= = kurds = = merhaba biraje men the kurdish people is a irania people ! the kurdish language is a irania language ! know they it ?.
0.44598156
kurs merhaba biraje men the kurdish people is a irania people the kurdish language is a irania language know they it 
0.23593743
kurds

= = thanks = = hey , thanks for your support . i would like to inform you of my action plan/goals : * 1 ) by end of tomorrow , i am going to get the hinduism article to 60kb . for doing this , i am using the revert closest to the original fa article as a template along with the other religion pages . it is proving to be easier than i originally thought as closer look shows a lot of repeats . * 2 ) then over the next few days , i plan on going thorugh every dodgy reference and make sure it is upto the wikipedia standard . if not , i will remove it and replace it with a valid reference . luckily , i have great access to lot of related scholarly articles + lot of time . also , i am hoping others to pitch in ofcourse . * 3 ) i also have a long term goal based on your suggestion to round up some permanent editors for the article . their jobs will be to make sure stuff does not creep in + a long term goal of further improving the references . wish me luck ) bye .
0.045800857
thanks hey thanks for your support i would like to inform you of my action plangoals 1 by end of tomorrow i am going to get the hinduism article to 60kb for doing this i am using the revert closest to the original fa article as a template along with the other religion pages it is proving to be easier than i originally thought as closer look shows a lot of repeats 2 then over the next few days i plan on going thorugh every dodgy reference and make sure it is upto the wikipedia standard if not i will remove it and replace it with a valid reference luckily i have great access to lot of related scholarly articles lot of time also i am hoping others to pitch in ofcourse 3 i also have a long term goal based on your suggestion to round up some permanent editors for the article their jobs will be to make sure stuff does not crep in a long term goal of further improving the references wish me luck bye 
0.024077974
creep

{| style = width : 700px ; margin : 0em 0em 2em 2em ; border = 1 cellpadding = 5 cellspacing = 0 align = center |- style = background : #c0c0c0 | characteristic | saffir-simpson cat 4 | cyclone larry |- | central pressure | 920-944 mbar | 915 ! mbar when landfall made |- | potential damages | more extensive curtainwall failures with some complete roof structure failure on small residences . major erosion of beach areas . terrain may be flooded well inland . | 55% of all buildings in innisfail damaged . entire banana crop and some of sugarcane crop demolished . rooves stripped of countless buildings ; some buildings flattened entirely . extensive flooding . universal power outages , sewage system fails . airports closed for the day . |- | storm surge | 4.0 – 5.5 m | 5.0 m |- | 1-minute average sustained winds |210-245 kph | 200km/h confirmed . otherwise unknown , with gusts frequently exceeding 280kph . |- | conclusion | colspan = 2 align = center | larry is indeed a category 4 cyclone at the very least , unless we are willing to ignore important factors for the sake of 10km/h of confirmed sustained wind . |} i already have an article ( american ) claiming it was cat 4 . it's right [ here . however , as you stated earlier , newsgroups are not an authority on the matter , are they ? as for my friend , well what can i say to you ? you have gone against all sound logic and called me a liar because i can't confirm 10km/h of sustained wind . i'm unsure if you even know what logic is . to you , it's all cold hard data , with stupidty thrown in for free . your level of intelligence sickens me . you've also failed to note the case for central pressure , which was on par with most cat 5 storms . what you're proposing is this : a cyclone that brought about more than the effects and damages of a typical category 4 storm and that had the central pressure of a typical category 5 storm , is in fact a mere category 3 , simply because it's confirmed/measured sustained winds were 5 knots below the cut-off for category 4 . for the rest of you : ss scale uses 1-minute averages . a 1-minute average of 200km/h was recorded about 30km north of where the cyclone crossed . i understand this is 10km/h less than the cut off for cat 4 ( as stated above ) , but at least it puts estimates and what-nt to rest . further , i'll leave the rest of my argument to logic , that is , if you have any . listen to me very carefully . beauty may fade , but dumb is forever .
0.15254508
style width 700px margin 0em 0em 2em 2em border 1 cellpadding 5 cellspacing 0 align center style background c0c0c0 characteristic saffirsimpson cat 4 cyclone larry central pressure 920944 mbar 915 mbar when landfall made potential damages more extensive curtainwall failures with some complete roof structure failure on small residences major erosion of beach areas terrain may be flooded well inland 55 of all buildings in innisfail damaged entire banana crop and some of sugarcane crop demolished rooves stripped of countless buildings some buildings flattened entirely extensive flooding universal power outages sewage system fails airports closed for the day storm surge 40 – 55 m 50 m 1minute average sustained winds 210245 kph 200kmh confirmed otherwise unknown with gusts frequently exceeding 280kph conclusion colspan 2 align center larry is indeed a category 4 cyclone at the very least unless we are willing to ignore important factors for the sake of 10kmh of confirmed sustained wind i already have an article american claiming it was cat 4 its right here however as you stated earlier newsgroups are not an authority on the matter are they as for my friend well what can i say to you you have gone against all sound logic and called me a liar because i cant confirm 10kmh of sustained wind im unsure if you even know what logic is to you its all cold hard data with stupidty thrown in for free your level of intelligence sickes me youve also failed to note the case for central pressure which was on par with most cat 5 storms what youre proposing is this a cyclone that brought about more than the effects and damages of a typical category 4 storm and that had the central pressure of a typical category 5 storm is in fact a mere category 3 simply because its confirmedmeasured sustained winds were 5 knots below the cutoff for category 4 for the rest of you ss scale uses 1minute averages a 1minute average of 200kmh was recorded about 30km north of where the cyclone crossed i understand this is 10kmh less than the cut off for cat 4 as stated above but at least it puts estimates and whatnt to rest further ill leave the rest of my argument to logic that is if you have any listen to me very carefully beauty may fade but dumb is forever 
0.119238935
sickens

= = current speculation = = there has been discussion lately about the appropriateness of this section . i will be going out-of-town for the next 5 days , but in my absence i highly encourage the frequent editors of this section to realize the need ( and act upon it ) to permanently remove this section . its existence violates : npov ( nuetral point of view ) - no one can truly say how or even if the listed items will affect voters types of bias include : ethnic or racial bias , including racism , nationalism and regionalism . corporate bias , including advertising , coverage of political campaigns in such a way as to favor corporate interests , and the reporting of issues to favor the interests of the owners of the news media . class bias , including bias favoring one social class and bias ignoring social or class divisions . political bias , including bias in favor of or against a particular political party or candidate . religious bias , including bias in which one religious viewpoint is given preference over others . sensationalism , which is bias in favor of the exceptional over the ordinary . this includes the practice whereby exceptional news may be overemphasized , distorted or fabricated to boost commercial ratings . geographical bias which may for example describe a dispute as it is conducted in one country without knowing that the dispute is framed differently elsewhere . the presence of this section is biased on several of the basses listed above wikipedia articles are not : propaganda or advocacy of any kind . of course , an article can report objectively about such things , as long as an attempt is made to approach a neutral point of view . you might wish to go to usenet or start a blog if you want to convince people of the merits of your favorite views . you can also use wikinfo which promotes a sympathetic point of view for every article . this article is adversely some ones ' political movement . please permanently honor my deletion of this section of the article .
0.036669172
current speculation there has been discussion lately about the appropriateness of this section i will be going outoftown for the next 5 days but in my absence i highly encourage the frequent editors of this section to realize the need and act upon it to permanently remove this section its existence violates npov nuetral point of view no one can truly say how or even if the listed items will affect voters types of bias include ethnic or raial bias including racism nationalism and regionalism corporate bias including advertising coverage of political campaigns in such a way as to favor corporate interests and the reporting of issues to favor the interests of the owners of the news media class bias including bias favoring one social class and bias ignoring social or class divisions political bias including bias in favor of or against a particular political party or candidate religious bias including bias in which one religious viewpoint is given preference over others sensationalism which is bias in favor of the exceptional over the ordinary this includes the practice whereby exceptional news may be overemphasized distorted or fabricated to boost commercial ratings geographical bias which may for example describe a dispute as it is conducted in one country without knowing that the dispute is framed differently elsewhere the presence of this section is biased on several of the basses listed above wikipedia articles are not propaganda or advocacy of any kind of course an article can report objectively about such things as long as an attempt is made to approach a neutral point of view you might wish to go to usenet or start a blog if you want to convince people of the merits of your favorite views you can also use wikinfo which promotes a sympathetic point of view for every article this article is adversely some ones political movement please permanently honor my deletion of this section of the article 
0.031271677
racial

: hi zora , my understanding is that a dargah is the burial-place of a muslim devine , which becomes a place of prayer and pilgrimage . however , i find that dargah redirects to khanqah , and that page makes no mention of burial at all . maybe others have favoured this redirection as the mausoleum page has a lot of christian context , but is that not more appropriate ? please advise . regards ,
0.018770408
hi zora my understanding is that a dargah is the burialplace of a muslim devine which becomes a pace of prayer and pilgrimage however i find that dargah redirects to khanqah and that page makes no mention of burial at all maybe others have favoured this redirection as the mausoleum page has a lot of christian context but is that not more appropriate please advise regards 
0.017160544
place

= = major revision ? = = i suggest a major revision of this article : i would like to see the bnp itself given the same article format as other ploitical parties but to also include the less pleasant information that would be useful to anyone wanting to know waht they are all about . at the moment , everything is mixed together and it just comes across as chaotic - it does noone any favours - the bnp or their opponents . history of the bnp sections 1.1 & 1.2 policies and position section 2 ( this section could actually do with some padding ) electoral achievements section 7 affiliated parties sections : 10 9 opposition to the bnp sections : 8 3.1 – 3.3 4 5.2 , 5.3 ( to include elements of section 6 ) bnp uncovered sections : 1.3 1.4 1.5 3.4 5.1
0.06687025
major revision i suggest a major revision of this article i would like to see the nbp itself given the same article format as other ploitical parties but to also include the less pleasant information that would be useful to anyone wanting to know waht they are all about at the moment everything is mixed together and it just comes across as chaotic it does noone any favours the np or their opponents history of the np sections 11 12 policies and position section 2 this section could actually do with some padding electoral achievements section 7 affiliated parties sections 10 9 opposition to the bpn sections 8 31 – 33 4 52 53 to include elements of section 6 bp uncovered sections 13 14 15 34 51 
0.06120917
bnp

:: that is interesting , i had kind of wondered about that myself . quest for glory iv has a few lines about the fall climate , and the burgomeister remarks that the days are growing shorter and winter is approaching . the first two games fit the connection well also , although the tie-ins to different cultures is even more obvious in terms of the game settings . i'd look for some interviews by the creators or some primary sources on that one , there are a lot of interviews online and the coles themselves are still around luckily .
0.008855152
that is interesting i had kind of wondered about that myself quest for glory iv as a few lines about the fall climate and the burgomeister remarks that the days are growing shorter and winter is approaching the first two games fit the connection well also although the tieins to different cultures is even more obvious in terms of the game settings id look for some interviews by the creators or some primary sources on that one there are a lot of interviews online and the coles themselves are still around luckily 
0.00863861
has

: the person who will be banned for persistent vandalism is probably you ( the solution would imho be to block all access from serbia ) . : milošević staged the wars in croatia and bosnia , and for this reason he was also charged with war crimes related to these wars . it is irrelevant whether serbia as a state participated with its own soldiers , as long as they supported ethnic serb gangs and mass murderers in neighbouring countries .
0.11345512
the person who will be banned for persistent vandalism is probably you the solution would imho be to block all access from serbia milošević staged the wars in croatia and bosnia and for this reason he was also charged with war crimes related to these wars it is irrelevant whether serbia as a state participated with its own soldiers as long as they supported ethnic serb gangs and mass murerers in neighbouring countries 
0.09286588
murderers

select > mouse over the colored table cells mouse over the colored table cells mouse over the colored table cells mouse over the colored table cells
0.028209494
selet mouse over the colored table cells mouse over the colored table cells mouse over the colored table cells mouse over the colored table cells 
0.020267062
select

= = y0u l0se at life . = = 0h n0 , my last chance ? what d0 i d0 ? what i d0 ?! thanks f0r repeatedly qu0ting the rule b00k f0r me , cuntmuffin , i was having tr0uble finding it 0n my 0wn . when i was 14 i had better things t0 d0 than be an encycl0pedia nazi , y0u ass-hat maker . die in a fire .
0.58201844
y0u l0se at life 0h n0 my last chance what d0 i d0 what i d0 thanks f0r repeatedly qu0ting the rule b00k f0r me cuntmuffin i was having tr0uble finding it 0n my 0wn when i was 14 i had better things t0 d0 than be an encycl0pedia nazi y0u asshat maker de in a fire 
0.46956012
die

= = new templates for wikipedians = = w'sallam , we need some more templates to be used for people who will be editing pakistani articles , take a look at the following templates on the indian wiki board , if possible can you make some for the pakistan wikipedians . here the link ; template section we need templates of the following if you can create them ; the first four , instead of nri we need one for expat-pakistani ( i.e. pakistani living abroad ) and the last one ( british-pakistani ) and ( american-pakistani ) 07:20 23 march 2006 ( utc )
0.011451229
new templates for wikipedians wsallam we need some more templates to be used for people who will be editing pakistani articles take a look at the following templates on the indian wii board if possible can you make some for the pakistan wikipedians here the link template section we need templates of the following if you can create them the first four instead of nri we need one for expatpakistani ie pakistani living abroad and the last one britishpakistani and americanpakistani 0720 23 march 2006 utc 
0.009327776
wiki

