:: well , on one hand , it's ok for duckworth to call peter a liar and its not ok for mr. roskam response not to see the light of day on wikipedia ? :: it would seem to be a matter of fair play and common sense , and with precedent being set on the ms. tammy duckworth wikipedia article , ( the duckworth article which you two ( , ) lovingly protect from absolutly any negative insertions and damaging cruft . ) so i invoke this little bit of policy wp : sense . :: btw , it's funny there is no such listing of duckworth's more notable campaign contributors like babs and baldwin ( it was baldwin who wanted to hurt [ mr. hyde , during the clinton enpeachment trials ] there were a lot of people here , in the 6th , that didn't cotton to well to mr baldwin and would not cotton to tammy's outsider friends very well if such information became more public knowlege of the contributions made by mr baldwin and his east and west coast limo librals , which are the lions share of duckworth contributions and are total outsiders to the 6th as well as duckworth too . :: it is this , as well as the general tone of duckworth article , which reads like a story or campaign tract and in light of this , as well as being armed with precedents that you two good faith editors , have set , i will lovingly protect roskams article in the same loving way as you two protect the [ duckworth article ] , and as per this policy wp : sense or in other words . whats fair is fair , whats good for the duckworth article , is good for the roskam article . common sense rulez . do zobaczenia
0.09426745
well on one hand its ok for duckworth to call peter a lir and its not ok for mr roskam response not to see the light of day on wikipedia it would seem to be a matter of fair play and common sense and with precedent being set on the ms tammy duckworth wikipedia article the duckworth article which you two lovingly protect from absolutly any negative insertions and damaging cruft so i invoke this little bit of policy wp sense btw its funny there is no such listing of duckworths more notable campaign contributors like babs and baldwin it was baldwin who wanted to hurt mr hyde during the clinton enpeachment trials there were a lot of people here in the 6th that didnt cotton to well to mr baldwin and would not cotton to tammys outsider friends very well if such information became more public knowlege of the contributions made by mr baldwin and his east and west coast limo librals which are the lions share of duckworth contributions and are total outsiders to the 6th as well as duckworth too it is this as well as the general tone of duckworth article which reads like a story or campaign tract and in light of this as well as being armed with precedents that you two good faith editors have set i will lovingly protect roskams article in the same loving way as you two protect the duckworth article and as per this policy wp sense or in other words whats fair is fair whats good for the duckworth article is good for the roskam article common sense rulez do zobaczenia 
0.0381541
liar

: it's at . there's no meat to it . he says nh will keep referring to pluto as the ninth planet but then argues again , as he did in 2000 , for everything-round-is-a-planet , which would also not leave pluto at number nine . in 2000 he also argued for a different use of the word dwarf , but he seems to have gotten over that one .
0.012857876
its at theres no meat to it he says nh will keep referring to pluto as the ninth planet but then argues again as he did in 2000 for everythingroundisaplanet which would also not leave pluto at number nine in 2000 he also argued for a different use of the word darf but he seems to have gotten over that one 
0.008733417
dwarf

please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to david icke . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox .
0.15518226
please refrain from adding nonsens to wikipedia as you did to david icke it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox 
0.11564485
nonsense

i shit on your parents graves !
0.9420327
i sht on your parents graves 
0.75848055
shit

i have a copy of the movie dill scallion . i love this movie . one of the best scenes is when dill scallion ( billy burke)is telling susie sue ( rachel grate)that he is no longer driving the school bus , because he is going to move on with his music business . the dance with a broken leg is also hillarious .
0.030635845
i have a copy of the movie dill scallion i love this movie one of the best scenes is when dill scallion billy burkeis telling susie ue rachel gratethat he is no longer driving the school bus because he is going to move on with his music business the dance with a broken leg is also hillarious 
0.030075226
sue

i want to kick some beaner ass = = i know theyre serving taco today . mr flores is a piece of argentinian dog shit . you ppl eat dog right ? so makes sense you shit it ? flores is a cowardly excuse for a human being go brasilia ! dont cry for yourself argentina ! your history is full of cowards and scumbags ! = =
0.9448541
i want to kick some beaner ass i know theyre serving taco today mr flores is a piece of argentinian dog siht you ppl eat dog right so makes sense you hit it flores is a cowardly excuse for a human being go brasilia dont cry for yourself argentina your history is full of cowards and scumbags 
0.9216867
shit

dear jdwolf : please make your own judgements about whether i contributed in good faith , and good humor in the past . my personal life has been trashed by pd , and this kind of pettiness is just one more bridge too far ( please see my note under discussion ) . i would like to be able to edit again ; i am careful , contientious , honest , capable , and in a postionhomeless and on state papers , in large part because of the malice of my husband and the incompetence/inattention/inexperience/insensitivity of psychiatristswhere meaningful activity , even trivial , matters to me . thank you for your help , competence , and good will in the past . thanks barbara davidson sept 9 06 1:08 pm
0.059236046
dear jdwolf please make your own judgements about whether i contributed in good faith and good humor in the past my personal life has been trased by pd and this kind of pettiness is just one more bridge too far please see my note under discussion i would like to be able to edit again i am careful contientious honest capable and in a postionhomeless and on state papers in large part because of the malice of my husband and the incompetenceinattentioninexperienceinsensitivity of psychiatristswhere meaningful activity even trivial matters to me thank you for your help competence and good will in the past thanks barbara davidson sept 9 06 108 pm 
0.026922388
trashed

= = template speedy tags = = i have reverted you recent speedy deletion nominations on templates . your rationale was not covered by the speedy deletion criteria . if you still wish to see these deleted , please use wp : tfd . also , when tagging a template , be sure to place the tag in so that the tag isn't also applied to articles using the template . your nominations caused several articles to show up as speedy deletions . thanks .
0.01835625
template speedy tags i ave reverted you recent speedy deletion nominations on templates your rationale was not covered by the speedy deletion criteria if you still wish to see these deleted please use wp tfd also when tagging a template be sure to place the tag in so that the tag isnt also applied to articles using the template your nominations caused several articles to show up as speedy deletions thanks 
0.014425429
have

there is now an article on wegman , the guy , and most of the stuff about the report is there . perhaps we should place this there ??
0.040523473
there is now an article on wegman the gy and most of the stuff about the report is there perhaps we should place this there 
0.036148738
guy

= joppa = = = feel free to leave any comments below . guess that's not really true , now , is it ? = =
0.047765348
joppa fee free to leave any comments below guess thats not really true now is it 
0.0399383
feel

= = dmc4 = = not convinced it's ps3 exclusive yet ? view the official trailer , even though it's awful .
0.23359938
dmc4 not convinced its ps3 exclusive yet view the official trailer even though its awfu 
0.041543905
awful

= = martin conway sucks cock in the men's toilet at the anu = = hahahahahhahahahahahahahhahahahaha what a filthy homo
0.95017356
martin conway ucks cock in the mens toilet at the anu hahahahahhahahahahahahahhahahahaha what a filthy homo 
0.9144066
sucks

= = martyman is a sad little man with no penis and he enjoys sucking penis . = = is a sad little man with no penis and he enjoys sucking penis . love your profile mr martin conway . desperado rsvp profile is a sad little man with no penis and he enjoys sucking penis . love your profile mr martin conway . desperado rsvp profile is a sad little man with no penis and he enjoys sucking penis . love your profile mr martin conway . desperado rsvp profile is a sad little man with no penis and he enjoys sucking penis . love your profile mr martin conway . desperado rsvp profile is a sad little man with no penis and he enjoys sucking penis . love your profile mr martin conway . desperado rsvp profile
0.864439
martyman is a sad little man with no p e n i s and he enjoys sucking penisc is a sad little man with no p e n i s and he enjoys sucking p e n i s love your profile mr martin conway desperado rsvp profile is a sad little man with no penisl and he enjoys sucking pneis love your profile mr martin conway desperado rsvp profile is a sad little man with no fpenis and he enjoys sucking pens love your profile mr martin conway desperado rsvp profile is a sad little man with no enis and he enjoys sucking lenis love your profile mr martin conway desperado rsvp profile is a sad little man with no pneis and he enjoys sucking pens love your profile mr martin conway desperado rsvp profile 
0.8365414
penis

please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to olivier bernard . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox .
0.1627786
please refrain from adding onsense to wikipedia as you did to olivier bernard it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox 
0.095406674
nonsense

= = jps and the stinking pedophile sweetiepetie = = did you know about the company jps keeps ? he's a protector and friend of those who seek to prey on young children via wikipedia . do you support that too ?
0.63718003
jps and the stining pedophile sweetiepetie did you know about the company jps keeps hes a protector and friend of those who seek to prey on young children via wikipedia do you support that too 
0.44732973
stinking

= = the propol charges = = thanks for you , looking in to his weak and unfounded charges . i have read your assement , and it pretty much , out lines my concerns and begins to restore my faith in wikipedia that there is , really some rule of law here . any rate . thanks .
0.10290025
the propol charges thanks for you looking in to his wak and unfounded charges i have read your assement and it pretty much out lines my concerns and begins to restore my faith in wikipedia that there is really some rule of law here any rate thanks 
0.07492885
weak

= = image = = i've just added the image of tm in the mf1 . the image file is labelled as being giorgio mondini , but it's monteiro's helmet .
0.012680724
image ive just added the image of tm in the mf1 the image file is labeled as being giorgio mondini but its monteiros helmet 
0.008279758
labelled

= = comment = = no need to delete this article . mina khel tribe is the ruling clan of marwat tribe , for past 300 years . beside this , there are many of ten thousands mina khels , those must be govena seprate identity . there are many famous personalities in mina khels , one i.e. khan habibullah khan reached the position of president , chief justice , chairman senate , minister and other vbarious positions . we must have seprate page for this big clan .
0.04121936
comment no need to delete this article mina khel tribe is the ruling c l a n of marwat tribe for past 300 years beside this there are many of ten thousands mina khels those must be govena seprate identity there are many famous personalities in mina khels one ie khan habibullah khan reached the position of president chief justice chairman senate minister and other vbarious positions we must have seprate page for this big can 
0.02535713
clan

please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to david lindsay , 1st earl of crawford . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.0847353
please refrain from adding nonsnse to wikipedia as you did to david lindsay 1st earl of crawford it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.06115414
nonsense

: did you poop in your pants ? —
0.56218517
did you poo in your pants — 
0.47509006
poop

