= = scripts = = would anyone happen to know where to get svu scripts- especially the episode baby killer-we need it for my class ' play of the episode .
0.12644485
scripts would anyone happen to know where to get svu scripts especially the episode baby killerwe nee it for my class play of the episode 
0.0260082
need

: bartholomew dobson a tag has been placed on bartholomew dobson , requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia . this has been done because the article seems to be about a person , group of people , band , club , company , or web content , but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable ( see the guidelines for notability here ) . if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable , you may contest the tagging . to do this , please write on the top of the page and leave a note on the article's talk page explaining your position . please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself . please read the criteria for speedy deletion ( specifically , articles #7 ) and our general biography criteria . feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this .
0.012509711
bartholomew dobson a tag has been placed on bartholomew dobson requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia this has been done because the article seems to be about a person group of people band club company or web content but it does not indicate how or why the subject rs notable see the guidelines for notability here if you can indicate why the subject of this article s notable you may contest the tagging to do this please write on the top of the page and leave a note on the articles talk page explaining your position please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself please read the criteria for speedy deletion specifically articles 7 and our general biography criteria feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this 
0.010559518
is

hey it's oswald i'm sorry i said all that stuff lets be friends dude i am sorry !!
0.080145955
hey its oswald im sorry i said all that stuff lets be friends dde i am sorry 
0.068675265
dude

= = about my deletion requests ... = = hello schutz . first of all , i should introduce myself . i am pl ( sysop ) , de , simple , fr , nl and commons : user : odder ( sysop ) . on en wiki i'dont have this username because of it was taken by , i guess , one of my opponents . so simply write to my odder . second , i think that these redirects are simply stupid ( and not linked from the main space , too ) . why ? the good redirect is redirecting from the shorter to longer article name , not from the longer to shorter . i don't know any person that will be writing the longer article name if he/she can write the shorter one . don't forget that wikipedia is for readers , not for writers ) best regards ,
0.22526434
about my deletion requests hello schutz first of all i should introduce myself i am pl sysop de simple fr nl and commons user odder sysop on en wiki idont have this username because of it was taken by i guess one of my opponents so simply write to my odder second i think that these redirects are simply stuid and not linked from the main space too why the good redirect is redirecting from the shorter to longer article name not from the longer to shorter i dont know any person that will be writing the longer article name if heshe can write the shorter one dont forget that wikipedia is for readers not for writers best regards 
0.06158707
stupid

november 2006 ( utc ) : hey , thanks anyway . 14:44 , 11
0.009211155
november 2006 tc hey thanks anyway 1444 11 
0.007374983
utc

= = ganser and rs = = it is insane to claim that ganser's book fails wp : rs because he joined a club two years after it was published . the book was published and endorsed by eth zurich . if that isn't a reliable source then we're going to have to delete general relativity because they published that too .
0.04036057
ganser and rs it is insane to claim that gansers book fails wp rs because he joined a club two years after it was published the book was published and endorsed by eth zurich if that isnt a reliable source then were going to have to delee general relativity because they published that too 
0.032471705
delete

khosrow , it's harder to find who is turkic with dna but it's what i add the population with turkic speakers . do you add 250 million iranian with dna testing ? )) i will definitely change it !
0.030170886
khosrow its harder to find who is turkic with dnua but its what i add the population with turkic speakers do you add 250 million iranian with dn testing i will definitely change it 
0.02648308
dna

:: i already reinstated it in some way though . extremely sexy
0.1423099
i already reinstated it in some way though extremely sxy 
0.05354538
sexy

: criticism of islam and islamic extremist terrorism . on second thoughts , they don't work quite as well as i had thought , but they have a certain harmony , if criticism contains positive and negative points ( because i don't think people should use the criticism section of slamming islam . maybe that guy linked to on striver's page who's christian but likes islam a lot should be added ? ) . but islamophobia is i think a subject vague enough and thrown around so liberally it doesn't really warrant anything other than a mention in the criticism section . i also don't think the h2 should be controversies . it's naff . ( please vote here )
0.18635039
criticism of islam and islamic etremist terrorism on second thoughts they dont work quite as well as i had thought but they have a certain harmony if criticism contains positive and negative points because i dont think people should use the criticism section of slamming islam maybe that guy linked to on strivers page whos christian but likes islam a lot should be added but islamophobia is i think a subject vague enough and thrown around so liberally it doesnt really warrant anything other than a mention in the criticism section i also dont think the h2 should be controversies its naff please vote here 
0.1804832
extremist

= = fair use rationale for image : paulrobinson . jpg = = {| align = center style = background-color : white ; border : 8px solid red ; padding : 5px ; text-align : center ; font-size : larger ; | |this file may be deleted . |} thanks for uploading image : paulrobinson . jpg . i notice the ' image ' page specifies that the image is being used under fair use but there is no explanation or rationale as to why its use in wikipedia articles constitutes fair use . when you use a generic fair use tag such as {{ fair use }} or {{ fair use in|article name }} , you must also write out on the image description page a specific explanation or rationale for why using this image in each article is consistent with fair use . please go to the image description page and edit it to include a fair use rationale . if you have uploaded other fair use media , consider checking that you have specified the fair use rationale on those pages too . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any fair use images lacking such an explanation will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page . thank you .
0.009276192
fair use rationale for image paulrobinson jpg align center style backgroundcolor whit border 8px solid red padding 5px textalign center fontsize larger this file may be deleted thanks for uploading image paulrobinson jpg i notice the image page specifies that the image is being used under fair use but there is no explanation or rationale as to why its use in wikipedia articles constitutes fair use when you use a generic fair use tag such as fair use or fair use inarticle name you must also write out on the image description page a specific explanation or rationale for why using this image in each article is consistent with fair use please go to the image description page and edit it to include a fair use rationale if you have uploaded other fair use media consider checking that you have specified the fair use rationale on those pages too you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any fair use images lacking such an explanation will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page thank you 
0.007782175
white

= = an overview in the nutshell = = the following suggestion for entry by the bubbleblaster that kept deleted may read better when dispersed in the pertinent sections in the main article , rather than a recap at the end . ( everytime i hear the word culture , i reach my revolver herman goering ) he lost his father at age 7 and was taken out of school to live at a village at age 8 . he was beaten sensless by his tutor at age 10 and was taken out of his new school again . he failed to achieve cumulative average score for his favorite school he always dreamt of , at age 17 . he was arrested when 24 , interrogated for days and put in solitary cell confinement for two months . he was 25 when sent to exile . when his colleague associate and close friend that is one year older than him was declared a hero by the association that he was serving , nobody noted him . when he was fighting to save cities from foreign occupations at age 30 , his hometown fell to the enemy . his superior lobbied for him to be sent away to get rid of him when he was 30 . he was left idle at his new location and could not get paid for months . he was in a hospital in vienna for renal treatment confined to a bed for months lonely when he was 37 . when returned to work , the army he would command was disbanded . he was fired by the minister of defense at age 38 . he owned no civilian clothes to wear , no money saved and had to borrow a coat from a friend . an arrest warrant was issued for him the same year . a death order was issued for him when 39 . he became the president of the turkish republic when he was 42 . mustafa kemal ataturk read 18 thousand volumes of books in which over 200 000 lines are highlighted . tens of thousands of sidenotes were entered . when found with red weepy eyes , he said his only worry was burning eyes which he took care of yards of soft fabric he'd ordered by his side to dry his eyes . he put his signature under the biggest changes and revolutions of his time . his farewell was equally impressive and touching with the last words of ‘ .. and peace be upon you .. ’ in the morning of november 10 , 1938 when turkey was just waking up .
0.048712038
an overview in the nutshell the following suggestion for entry by the bubbleblaster that kept deleted may read better when dispersed in the pertinent sections in the main article rather than a recap at the end everytime i hear the word culture i reach my revolver herman goering he lost his father at age 7 and was taken out of school to live at a village at age 8 he was beaten sensless by his tutor at age 10 and was taken out of his new school again he failed to achieve cumulative average score for his favorite school he always dreamt of at age 17 he was arrested when 24 nterrogated for days and put in solitary cell confinement for two months he was 25 when sent to exile when his colleague associate and close friend that is one year older than him was declared a hero by the association that he was serving nobody noted him when he was fighting to save cities from foreign occupations at age 30 his hometown fell to the enemy his superior lobbied for him to be sent away to get rid of him when he was 30 he was left idle at his new location and could not get paid for months he was in a hospital in vienna for renal treatment confined to a bed for months lonely when he was 37 when returned to work the army he would command was disbanded he was fired by the minister of defense at age 38 he owned no civilian clothes to wear no money saved and had to borrow a coat from a friend an arrest warrant was issued for him the same year a death order was issued for him when 39 he became the president of the turkish republic when he was 42 mustafa kemal ataturk read 18 thousand volumes of books in which over 200 000 lines are highlighted tens of thousands of sidenotes were entered when found with red weepy eyes he said his only worry was burning eyes which he took care of yards of soft fabric hed ordered by his side to dry his eyes he put his signature under the biggest changes and revolutions of his time his farewell was equally impressive and touching with the last words of ‘ and peace be upon you ’ in the morning of november 10 1938 when turkey was just waking up 
0.034356963
interrogated

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are some pages that you might find helpful : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . again , welcome !
0.008013146
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here are some pages that you might find helpful the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and eing a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions again welcome 
0.005673576
being

i have to register my shock at your outburst . there is nothing on this page , or anywhere else , that can even remotely be construed as a personal attack on you , or on anyone else . i do question some of your actions , past and present , however , and the motives behind them . if the actions cannot be validated by you and by on the grounds that derive their validity from wikipedia policies , then what is their foundation ? the difference between a private person and an editor here is that here your actions must be accountable to the house-rules , and cannot merely be grounded in your feelings , which now get the better of you . and i question your actions severely : i think you are at bottom a good person , really , and should not let my censoriousness provoke you to display of anger . answer on issues only : if there are points i do not understand , state what they are , how they are wrong , etc . : do not hide behind dismissive ‘ i-am-not-in-the-business-of-giving-you-tutorials ’ , etc . : such tactics are insulting , not merely to me , but to the project as a whole . — prof02
0.14656593
i have to register my shock at your outburst there is nothing on this page or anywhere else that can even remotely be construed as a personal attack on you or on anyone else i do question some of your actions past and present however and the motives behind them if the actions cannot be validated by you and by on the grounds that derive their validity from wikipedia policies then what is their foundation the difference between a private person and an editor here is that here your actions must be accountable to the houserules and cannot merely be grounded in your feelings which now get the better of you and i question your actions severely i think you are at bottom a good person really and should not let my censoriousness provoke you to display of anger answer on issues only if there are points i do not understand state what they are how they are wrong etc do not hide behind dismissive ‘ iamnotinthebusinessofgivingyoututorials ’ etc such tactics are insultig not merely to me but to the project as a whole — prof02 
0.1309173
insulting

. anyone with a brain can see that . you are a genius
0.35418993
anyone with a bran can see that you are a genius 
0.039428376
brain

= = electoral map wrong = = louisiana and mississippi should not be counted for any candidate . also california's electoral count should be 6 not 5 . i don't know how to change the map .
0.049804818
electoral map wrng louisiana and mississippi should not be counted for any candidate also californias electoral count should be 6 not 5 i dont know how to change the map 
0.018975902
wrong

:: then maybe admins should stop being dickheads and not delete articles that should not be deleted . i didn't start this they brought it upon themselves .
0.6810257
then maybe admins should stop being dickeads and not delete articles that should not be deleted i didnt start this they brought it upon themselves 
0.27470973
dickheads

both of you are useless cunts and vandals who who couldn't tell notability if it bit you on the arse . my pointing that out is not vandalism . it is spreading sanity . go on then , ban me , bitch .
0.937894
both of you are useless cunts and vandals who who couldnt tell notability if it bit you on the arse my pointing that out is not vandalism it is spreading sanity go on then ban me itch 
0.87888265
bitch

= = your hypocrisy amuses me . = = look at your userpage . it has webhost written all over it . if i had to lose mine , which i might add , was of religious value to me , then you must certainly have to remove yours . take a look at user guinnog for example . this also has webhost written all over it . i put it to you , you elitist , authoritarian administrator , that your userpage is not in line with the goals of wikipedia . what do i have to do to become an admin ? i'm told i'd be a great addition to ' the team ' . many spanks ... sorry ... thanks , ( percy nobby norton got to the keyboard again ) ..
0.4976068
your hpocrisy amuses me look at your userpage it has webhost written all over it if i had to lose mine which i might add was of religious value to me then you must certainly have to remove yours take a look at user guinnog for example this also has webhost written all over it i put it to you you elitist authoritarian administrator that your userpage is not in line with the goals of wikipedia what do i have to do to become an admin im told id be a great addition to the team many spanks sorry thanks percy nobby norton got to the keyboard again 
0.2487474
hypocrisy

= = what kind of name is prairiewood ??????? = = all these shit names are evil ! what happened to mad names like hinchinbrook and bossley park ?? it seems that prairiewood produces noone but evil and i have heard rumours that stalin originates from this area !
0.7609568
what kind of name is prairiewood all these shi names are evil what happened to mad names like hinchinbrook and bossley park it seems that prairiewood produces noone but evil and i have heard rumours that stalin originates from this area 
0.328499
shit

= = = = clearly as an american you seem to think you can dictate what the rest of us should be able read - it amazes me how much people cry out for attention on here , you are no exception .
0.1396756
clearly as an american you seem to think you can dictate what the rest of us should be able read it amazes me how much people cry out for attention on here you ae no exception 
0.12111588
are

= = what about harry potter ? = = it is my belife that a section pertaining to the wizards in harry potter should be added since they are among the most commonly known in the modern world .
0.034522533
what about harry potter it is my belife that a section pertaining to the wizards in harry potter should be added since they ae among the most commonly known in the modern world 
0.021799969
are

on behalf of gen[m]ay . go eat a dick saxifrage !
0.8014363
on behalf of genmay go eat a dic saxifrage 
0.6458532
dick

because i'm a pedant like this : in response to the last paraphrase , from 101 - 102 of asbury's the great illusion , i'm tempted to call npov here . asbury states that neither pussyfoot nor his associates were punished or even reprimanded ; further , he even states that they were justified . however , there's a distinct difference between whether something is moral or justified . anyway , i'm nitpicking . here's the passage so you can judge for yourself : although pussyfoot johnson's political operations failed by a large margin to conform strictly to the christian principles upon which the league had been founded , neither he nor others who employed similar ' variations ' were ever punished or even reprimanded . it was generally felt by prohibition leaders that since the league acted as the agent of the churches and was therefore engaged upon the lord's business , anything was justified which might help gain the ends desired by the almighty . ( 102 )
0.044066522
because im a peant like this in response to the last paraphrase from 101 102 of asburys the great illusion im tempted to call npov here asbury states that neither pussyfoot nor his associates were punished or even reprimanded further he even states that they were justified however theres a distinct difference between whether something is moral or justified anyway im nitpicking heres the passage so you can judge for yourself although pussyfoot johnsons political operations failed by a large margin to conform strictly to the christian principles upon which the league had been founded neither he nor others who employed similar variations were ever punished or even reprimanded it was generally felt by prohibition leaders that since the league acted as the agent of the churches and was therefore engaged upon the lords business anything was justified which might help gain the ends desired by the almighty 102 
0.04366748
pedant

