= = marathi = = hey ! ho , mala thodasa marathi yetho . my parents spoke marathi most of the time when i was growing up . however i've been studying hindi and urdu for some time , and have begun to lose most of my marathi skill . hopefully a visit to mumbai will fix this . ) take care !
0.06728876
marathi hey ho mala thodasa marathi yetho my parents spoke marathi most of the time when i was growing up however ive been studying hindi and urdu for some time and have begun to ose most of my marathi skill hopefully a visit to mumbai will fix this take care 
0.038097665
lose

p.s. i'm a fuckin artist ok ? my next piece will be a rape ( of your family ) ... enjoy !
0.9408675
ps im a fucki artist ok my next piece will be a rape of your family enjoy 
0.6003967
fuckin

= = scarborough nicknames = = while i don't really want to expand on this section , there are in fact some web references to scompton : * you know you're from scarborugh when ... * busta rules there is also a wikipedia page called canadian slang which references scompton as well as a couple of other nicknames not mentioned in the scarborough article . i used clusty search engine to find these references . up to you whether you want to put this reference back . i don't care one way or the other . regards , * you're absolutely correct . serves me right for editing before my first cup of coffee in the morning . i found nothing relevant for scompton , but when i redid the search later , i did get results thru a search for scompton and scarborough . i ought not to have deleted the entry based on a google search turning up nothing . personally , i generally don't see any value in having a section for nicknames for the municipality . but there is obviously precedent for having it ( e.g. toronto ) . the problem i have with these sections is that they end up including obvious entries ( like hogtown for toronto ) , but then also up end up including nicknames that may be used in some circles but don't have particularly wide usage . the particular problem here in the scarborough article is that so many of the nicknames have such a negative connotation perhaps that's just a reflection of public perception , but i do believe that it does , to a degree , give the reader the wrong impression of the place . frankly , i am just waiting for someone to add scandahar to the list . i'm not from scarborough , so i will leave the list in the hands of folks who have a better sense of whether its inclusion is justified . given your edits to the article , you are probably better placed to make that call than i . cheers ,
0.050585903
scarborough nicknames while i dont really want to expand on this section there are in fact some web references to scompton you know youre from scarborugh when busta rules there is also a wikipedia page called canadian slang which references scompton as well as a coupe of other nicknames not mentioned in the scarborough article i used clusty search engine to find these references up to you whether you want to put this reference back i dont care one way or the other regards youre absolutely correct serves me right for editing before my first cup of coffee in the morning i found nothing relevant for scompton but when i redid the search later i did get results thru a search for scompton and scarborough i ought not to have deleted the entry based on a google search turning up nothing personally i generally dont see any value in having a section for nicknames for the municipality but there is obviously precedent for having it eg toronto the problem i have with these sections is that they end up including obvious entries like hogtown for toronto but then also up end up including nicknames that may be used in some circles but dont have particularly wide usage the particular problem here in the scarborough article is that so many of the nicknames have such a negative connotation perhaps thats just a reflection of public perception but i do believe that it does to a degree give the reader the wrong impression of the place frankly i am just waiting for someone to add scandahar to the list im not from scarborough so i will leave the list in the hands of folks who have a better sense of whether its inclusion is justified given your edits to the article you are probably better placed to make that call than i cheers 
0.037573572
couple

= = vandalism = = please don't vandalise the joseph sobran article . thanks . californiadreamlings
0.14029807
andalism please dont vandalise the joseph sobran article thanks californiadreamlings 
0.070560805
vandalism

, 15 march 2006 ( utc ) :: brother , you are a legitimate kriyaban why would you let the article about mahavatar babaji be bastardized like this ? don't you believe in babaji anymore ? can you give me even one logical convincing rationale on why you believe the pre-shitole mahavatar babaji article needs shitole's name , book and claims for it to be complete ? because that is exactly what all of these agreeing and compromising means , that the article was incomplete without the inclusion of shitole's name , book and claims . 23:38
0.17429577
15 march 2006 utc brother you are a legitimate kriyaban why would you let the article about mahavatar babaji be bastardizd like this dont you believe in babaji anymore can you give me even one logical convincing rationale on why you believe the preshitole mahavatar babaji article needs shitoles name book and claims for it to be complete because that is exactly what all of these agreeing and compromising means that the article was incomplete without the inclusion of shitoles name book and claims 2338 
0.031394012
bastardized

= = regarding wikipedia : articles for deletion/tropicai storm jason = = i noticed your involvement in the discussion and your revision of the article creator's illegal closure of the afd discussion , and i agree that reverting it was the right thing to do , but i'm curious how all this transpired in the first place . as you can see , the article has been deleted , so technically the discussion can't continue any longer ( unless an administrator decides to restore it on the grounds of sabotage ) . what i would like to know is why an administrator deleted it in the first place . how could he or she not have noticed that : a ) the article was closed by someone other than an administrator , and b ) that the discussion was nowhere near the proper minimal closing date of five days after the start of the afd discussion . furthermore , what do you think might have been the creator's motive for declaring delete as the final decision ? none of this makes much sense to me : the hoaxer willingly has his article which he has been fighting to keep for a while deleted , and an administrator wrongly and prematurely deleted the article for some strange reason . should we just leave the discussion as-is until an administrator sorts it out in a few days ?
0.08540848
regarding wikipedia articles for deletiontropicai storm jason i noticed your involvement in the discussion and your revision of the article creators illegal closure of the afd discussion and i agree that reverting it was the right thing to do but im curious how all this transpired in the first place as you can see the article has been deleted so technically the discussion cant continue any longer unless an administrator decides to restore it on the grounds of sabotage what i would like to know is why an administrator deleted it in the first place how could he or she not have noticed that a the article was closed by someone other than an administrator and b that the discussion was nowhere near the proper minimal closing date of five days after the start of the afd discussion furthermore what do you think might have been the creators motive for declaring delete as the final decision none of this makes much sense to me the oaxer willingly has his article which he has been fighting to keep for a while deleted and an administrator wrongly and prematurely deleted the article for some strange reason should we just leave the discussion asis until an administrator sorts it out in a few days 
0.06459189
hoaxer

= = okay , will merged/redirect amarillo , texas featured in the mass media back to this article = = if a didn't like the amarillo , texas featured in the mass media page that was created a couple of weeks ago then most of the info will merged back in this article and they will be in paragraph form instead of a list . also , the info regarding full house , cast away , and other minor mentions of the city will not be back .
0.02659267
okay will mergedredirect amarillo texas featured in the mass media back to this article if a didnt like the amarillo texas featured in the mass media page that was created a couple of weeks ago then most of the info will merged back in this article and they will be in paragraph form instead of a list also the info regarding full house cst away and other minor mentions of the city will not be back 
0.025123589
cast

any ideas ? from different comments at various times by various characters , it seems that snow in winter is expected by springfieldians .
0.012821656
any ideas from different comments at various time by various characters it seems that snow in winter is expected by springfieldians 
0.0119958045
times

= = date formats = = hello , : thank you for the heads-up on the date formats . i'm still fairly new to wikipedia , and i learn something new about it every day . i did wonder why the date formats were sometimes different in edit mode from what they appear in regular mode - now i know . thanks , again . be healthy ,
0.0100808265
date formats hello thank you for the headsup on the date formats im still fairly new to wikipedia and i learn somehing new about it every day i did wonder why the date formats were sometimes different in edit mode from what they appear in regular mode now i know thanks again be healthy 
0.0069599384
something

* seems to be one of those wp : auto pages we get from time to time . he may indeed be notable , but this article is going to need major pov cleanup . | | ( contribs )
0.013069303
seems to be one of those wp auto pages we get from time to time he may indeed be notable but this article is going to need major pv cleanup contribs 
0.012191181
pov

= = thanks for the welcome = = thanks tom for the warm welcome . i see that our paths have crossed before , on multiple topics ( c&c ; , duke nukem , and probably one more ) . after looking over your page , i see you share many of the same interests as i do , and i have a feeling our paths will continue to cross in the future . if you ever need a hand with anything , feel free to contact me .
0.029369025
thanks for the welcome thanks tom for the warm welcome i see that our paths have crossed before on multiple topics cc duke nukem and probably one more after looking over your page i see you share many of the same interests as i o and i have a feeling our paths will continue to cross in the future if you ever need a hand with anything feel free to contact me 
0.026931403
do

= = iain lee = = if you want to keep on editing the iain lee article , please use this as the place to edit it !! it's not move-protected so , hell , move it if you want !!
0.36927092
iain lee if you want to keep on editing the iain lee article please use this as the place to edit it its not moveprotected so hll move it if you want 
0.054928824
hell

: neither serbia nor milošević caused the war ? you tell this to the criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia , who seems , like the rest of the world , to have an other opinion . this is no place for serb nationalist propaganda and historical revisionism !!
0.35379392
neither serbia nor milošević caused the war you tell this to the criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia who seems like the res of the world to have an other opinion this is no place for serb nationalist propaganda and historical revisionism 
0.21316306
rest

= = cafe 80's logo = = i found the cafe 80's logo if someone is willing to put it in the cafe 80's section of the article .
0.011314468
cafe 80s logo i found the cafe 80s logo if someone is willing to ut it in the cafe 80s section of the article 
0.0073122038
put

= = american ? = = i noticed blackmore's night is categorized by wikipedia as an american musical group . but are they really american ? i know deep purple is considered a british band and blackmore's night cds always come out in europe before they come out in america .
0.04752504
american i noticed blackmores n i g h t is categorized by wikipedia as an american musical group but are they really american i know deep purple is considered a british band and blackmores nigh cds always come out in europe before they come out in america 
0.031957928
night

many bantu languages have only a handfull of adjectives . others , like kiswahili , have none . as you can see , there is more to linguistics than english and this article should reflect other views . please tell me of your responses on my talk page . .
0.10261809
many bantu languages have only a handfull of adjectives others like kiswahili have one as you can see there is more to linguistics than english and this article should reflect other views please tell me of your responses on my talk page 
0.09796745
none

this miscellaneous page is being considered for deletion in accordance with wikipedia's deletion policy . please discuss the matter at this page's entry on the miscellany for deletion page . you are welcome to edit this page , but please do not blank , merge , move ( without knowing exactly what you are doing ) , or remove this notice from the page while the discussion is in progress . for more information , read the guide to deletion . how to list a page for deletion ([ log ]) category : miscellaneous pages for deletion
0.012557012
this miscellaneous page is being considered for deletion in accordance with wikipedias deletion policy please discuss the matter at this pages entry on the miscellany for deletion page you are welcome to edit this page but please do not blank merge move without knowing exactly what you are doing or remove this notice from the page while the discussion is in progress for more information read the guide to deletion how to lit a page for deletion log category miscellaneous pages for deletion 
0.011819055
list

:: please see talk : episodes of lost ( season 2 ) #trivia running rampant ?. @20
0.08149682
please see talk episodes of lost season 2 trivia running rampan 20 
0.020483335
rampant

= = is censorship occurring on the nitrite page ? = = i have made meaningful , thoughtful and supported edits to the alkyl nitrite page tonight . within minutes , my edits were reversed , and i was threatened with being banned from ever editing in wikipedia . what is going on ?
0.070592955
is censorship occurring on the nitrite page i have made meaningful thoughtful and supported edits to the alkyl nitrite page tonight within minutes my edits were reversed and i was hreatened with being banned from ever editing in wikipedia what is going on 
0.037036233
threatened

:::: i'll respond to you after the block one of your thugs put on me wears off . a ''''''
0.5053197
ill respond to you after the block one of your hugs put on me wears off a 
0.34923378
thugs

= ( = my sincere apologies for insulting , but this is not a sockpuppet . my previous accout was , which i didn't want to use anyomore because i've given up that name . moreover , i don't think the blocking policy says you can ban someone indefinitely for a single insult .
0.23185858
my sincere apologies for insulting but this is not a sockuppet my previous accout was which i didnt want to use anyomore because ive given up that name moreover i dont think the blocking policy says you can ban someone indefinitely for a single insult 
0.22528857
sockpuppet

* there's usually nothing wrong with pointing someone twords and rfc involving something they were involved in ( as they can often lend a helpful perspective on the situation ) , though it is considered bad ettiquite to suggest or recommend that they vote one way or another ( it's preferred that they take a look at the page themselves and then judge ) .
0.020828895
theres usually nothing wrong with pointing someone twords and rfc involving something they were involved in as they can often lend a helpful perspective on the situation though it is considered bd ettiquite to suggest or recommend that they vote one way or another its preferred that they take a look at the page themselves and then judge 
0.009873313
bad

= = external link = = the link has been there forever ; read this entire page and realize it has been on here forever by vote . someone deleted it awhile back and i just noticed it and added it back . don't give me crap about it does not add to article because i wrote a good bit of this article and most of it came from the link page that has no advertising bla , bla , bla .
0.34773898
external link the link has been there forever read this entire page and realize it has been on here forever by vote someone deleted it awhile back and i just noticed it and added it back dont give me crp about it does not add to article because i wrote a good bit of this article and most of it came from the link page that has no advertising bla bla bla 
0.08995571
crap

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are a few good links for newcomers : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . again , welcome ! = = aarrow advertising = = if you think this article ought to be kept , make sure it passes wp : corp and wp :v .
0.010265273
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here are a few good links for newcomers the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions again welcome arrow advertising if you think this article ought to be kept make sure it passes wp corp and wp v 
0.007072275
aarrow

:::: i question whether it would be appropriate to permit certification of the uncertified and deleted rfc just because it was moved to both parties ' userspace subsequent to deletion . this would seem to go against the boldly emphasized 48 hour limit . i think a new rfc ought to be created if it is going to be pursued , with citations to attempts to deal with the problem occurring after the deletion of the uncertified rfc . i think cutting and pasting from the prior rfc could be allowable , though the policy is silent on that point . i note this not as an attempt to be obstructive , since i think it would be possible to find support for an rfc on either user . i also note that any attempts to describe the failure to certify the last rfc as an oversight are disingenuous , since the fact that it had not been certified had been noted on both the project and discussion pages of this rfc in some detail .
0.020697227
i question whether it would be appropriate to permit certification of the uncertified and deleted rfc just because it was moved to both parties userspace subsequent to deletion this would seem to go against the boldly emphasized 48 hour limit i think a ne rfc ought to be created if it is going to be pursued with citations to attempts to deal with the problem occurring after the deletion of the uncertified rfc i think cutting and pasting from the prior rfc could be allowable though the policy is silent on that point i note this not as an attempt to be obstructive since i think it would be possible to find support for an rfc on either user i also note that any attempts to describe the failure to certify the last rfc as an oversight are disingenuous since the fact that it had not been certified had been noted on both the project and discussion pages of this rfc in some detail 
0.01679503
new

= = please cease and desist in spamming my talk page with unsolicited opinions and advices = = or i am going to report you . i never asked for your assistance . get off my back .
0.33257365
please cease and desist in spamming my talk page with unsolcited opinions and advices or i am going to report you i never asked for your assistance get off my back 
0.29606846
unsolicited

