note to eclecticology : hum , you just brought to my attention a naming conflict for two cities named paris over at list of places and things named paris . are their other such conflicts within canada ? and if so are most of these between ontario and the rest of canada ? the city naming convention was debated and worked out on the wikipedia mailing list and in several other places – it would have been nice to know of any possible systemic internal naming conflicts within canada . maybe this is one of the few exceptions that we can disambiguate on a case-by-case basis … what is the population of each of these canadian paris ’ ? is it at all likely that either of these will become encyclopedia articles ?
0.010253788
note to eclecticology hum you just brought to my attention a naming conflict for two cities named paris over at list of places and things named paris are their other sch conflicts within canada and if so are most of these between ontario and the rest of canada the city naming convention was debated and worked out on the wikipedia mailing list and in several other places – it would have been nice to know of any possible systemic internal naming conflicts within canada maybe this is one of the few exceptions that we can disambiguate on a casebycase basis … what is the population of each of these canadian paris ’ is it at all likely that either of these will become encyclopedia articles 
0.009096394
such

- be lenient on topory aka piotr parda . he is an honest guy . these images are intended for the polish wikipedia . i guess . : it's completely fine if they are for the polish wikipedia there is just no easy way to find this out unless people state this in their uploads . simply saying polska wikipedia would be clear enough for me to take at face value . mav
0.09740664
be lenient on topory aka piotr parda he is an honest guy these images are intended for the polish wikipedia i guess its completely fine if they are for the polish wikipedia there is just no easy way to find this out unless people state this in their uploads simply saying polska wikipedia would be clear enough for me to take at fce value mav 
0.069236204
face

:( 1 ) i really do not want to cause anyone more work than necessary . but i can't help if someone try to suit every single article to his own fashion . you just throw out everything that does not fit to your personal view . try to edit articles more for the reader and not for yourself . what is wrong if one sentence is not quite adequate and explicit . on the other hand i am doing my best to compose one article from the scratch and then you come and you ' ruin ' almost my whole work . who is doing fruitless work here ? you're obviously to deep in the math and you can't see out anymore . try to read one original work from an original mathematician , please . if you would have a chance , you would probably change even gauss ' work . remember on what he had written about the estimation of the number of primes and such . :( 2 ) i'll try to fix the table , that bothers you so much . ( just give me some time ) . :( 3 ) don't call me rasta if you're not shure what that means or if you think i am that , if i bear similar cyber nickname , and so on ) :( 4 ) the symbol | . sometimes you like and sometimes you don't . for instance it is more clear if we write , once we have agreed what | means , 3 | 9 , than 3 divides 9 . you have once said that any symbol in fact does not have much sence in math so here we go ... :( 5 ) what is wrong with möbius function here or elsewhere . when i make a table , it is clear after that what values are , but try to ' calculate ' its values from your mind . i gave the function to depict further on the whole subject . it is pointless ; there is no connection that needs to be mentioned . that is you opinion , i guess . everything is important in math , specially in a number theory . if i wouldn't use möbius function i wouln't be able to find those two numbers 648 and 700 . i guess here μ(n ) is ' more ' important than other arithmetic functions . that's my opinion . furthermore , anyone interested in the moebius function can easily find the value , since all they have to do is to count the prime factors , which are already given in the table . yes , that is true . but many readers do not know at first what μ(n ) means and shows . simply as that . :( 6 ) i am not your student out there somewhere so we have to work for this project . you correct me and i correct you if and only if i can . i am pretty tired of writting articles which envolve math , but i like math very much . and because you know something from the math , you can give your knowledge to others and not just fixing things all around as it is going for one math test . my teachers are mathematicians themselves . only you change these articles so much , no one else . so i can't figure that they do not understand what is written in them . egziabeher . 17:20 sep 25 , 2002 ( utc )
0.050284054
1 i really do not want to cause anyone more work than necessary but i cant help if someone try to suit every single article to his own fashion you just throw out everything that does not fit to your personal view try to edit articles more for the reader and not for yourself what is wrong if one sentence is not quite adequate and explicit on the other hand i am doing my best to compose one article from the scratch and then you come and you run almost my whole work who is doing fruitless work here youre obviously to deep in the math and you cant see out anymore try to read one original work from an original mathematician please if you would have a chance you would probably change even gauss work remember on what he had written about the estimation of the number of primes and such 2 ill try to fix the table that bothers you so much just give me some time 3 dont call me rasta if youre not shure what that means or if you think i am that if i bear similar cyber nickname and so on 4 the symbol sometimes you like and sometimes you dont for instance it is more clear if we write once we have agreed what means 3 9 than 3 divides 9 you have once said that any symbol in fact does not have much sence in math so here we go 5 what is wrong with möbius function here or elsewhere when i make a table it is clear after that what values are but try to calculate its values from your mind i gave the function to depict further on the whole subject it is pointless there is no connection that needs to be mentioned that is you opinion i guess everything is important in math specially in a number theory if i wouldnt use möbius function i woulnt be able to find those two numbers 648 and 700 i guess here μn is more important than other arithmetic functions thats my opinion furthermore anyone interested in the moebius function can easily find the value since all they have to do is to count the prime factors which are already given in the table yes that is true but many readers do not know at first what μn means and shows simply as that 6 i am not your student out there somewhere so we have to work for this project you correct me and i correct you if and only if i can i am pretty tired of writting articles which envolve math but i like math very much and because you know something from the math you can give your knowledge to others and not just fixing things all around as it is going for one math test my teachers are mathematicians themselves only you change these articles so much no one else so i cant figure that they do not understand what is written in them egziabeher 1720 sep 25 2002 utc 
0.03657109
ruin

after the wasted bit on his sexuality , i haven't read the above diatribe but one thing for absolute certain : never in the history of this planet has umberto ever been referred to as humbert . it is this kind of lunacy that renders wikipedia as a fringe place for idiots to play . get serious .... dw
0.5848931
after the wasted bit on his sexuality i havent read the above diatribe but one thing for absolute certain never in the history of this planet has umberto ever been referred to as humbert it is this kind of lunacy that renders wikipedia as a fringe place for idits to play get serious dw 
0.33538988
idiots

despite martin's efforts to rescue it , the entire second section of this entry reads like a deranged adolescent essay with severe pov problems . if that bizarre collection of unrelated factoids had crossed my desk back when i was teaching , i should have needed a great deal of red ink in my pen , and the student would probably have needed to schedule in another twelve months to repeat the course next year . as it stands , it's hopeless and would be better off deleted .
0.120562255
despite martins efforts to rescue it the entire second section of this entry reads like a derange adolescent essay with severe pov problems if that bizarre collection of unrelated factoids had crossed my desk back when i was teaching i should have needed a great deal of red ink in my pen and the student would probably have needed to schedule in another twelve months to repeat the course next year as it stands its hopeless and would be better off deleted 
0.06530637
deranged

: i don't think i understand you . would you want every page mentioned on wikipedia : links to disambiguating pages deleted also ?
0.050400537
i dont think i understand you would you want every page mentioned on wikipedia links to disambiguating ages deleted also 
0.032352656
pages

oh the classic sm/df response . that was only one of a range of clumsy stupid errors added into the article . for example , we put the first title held by a monarch first . james was james vi of scotland long before he became james i of england . so everyone agreed that that was the order they should be in . but in typical sm/df style it was decided , ' screw everyone else's agreement , i am going to unilaterally change it . ( like adam tried to screw up naming conventions , and even when voted down still ignored the decision and did it adam's way , leaving everyone else to rename articles and clear up the mess by returning things to the agreed formula . second , there was a long long long debate about when to describe a modern monarch as british . it was agreed to apply it to after 1707 . but adam decided to ignore the long debate and do it his way , his way on the naming of election pages ( who cares if everyone else uses a totally different system and votes down his suggestion ! ) , his way on referring to peers , his way on using the word british , on how to describe james vi/i , his way now on the history of the soviet union , his way on how names on a list should appear ( the different way to everyone else's , he unilaterally changing lists to suit what he wanted , even when everyone else screamed ' what the hell are you doing ' . other people put a lot of work into getting a consensus . adam ignores the consensus and does it the way he wants . and gets miffed when people end up undoing his garbled stuff and return things to the agreed way . yes there has been an improvement , cp . df was actually nice to work with for about 4 days , then suddenly became an ogre on idolatory and various other pages . the immediate reaction was ' oh god , here we go again ' . even mav let out a sigh about df's behaviour , and mav doesn't normally do that . most of us are fed up trying to explain to sm/df where they are wrong , only to be ignored and blatently untrue rubbish dumped into articles . so we aren't been called rascists and nazis , big deal ! sm/df's behaviour is still way of the mark . it is as if adam goes onto wiki with the basic approach of ' now where can i cause grief today ? ' . and we have all had enough of it . 05:15 apr 13 , 2003 ( utc )
0.18663147
oh the classic smdf response that was only one of a range of clumsy stupid errors added into the article for example we put the first title held by a monarch first james was james vi of scotland long before he became james i of england so everyone agreed that that was the order they should be in but in typical smdf style it was decided snrew everyone elses agreement i am going to unilaterally change it like adam tried to srew up naming conventions and even when voted down still ignored the decision and did it adams way leaving everyone else to rename articles and clear up the mess by returning things to the agreed formula second there was a long long long debate about when to describe a modern monarch as british it was agreed to apply it to after 1707 but adam decided to ignore the long debate and do it his way his way on the naming of election pages who cares if everyone else uses a totally different system and votes down his suggestion his way on referring to peers his way on using the word british on how to describe james vii his way now on the history of the soviet union his way on how names on a list should appear the different way to everyone elses he unilaterally changing lists to suit what he wanted even when everyone else screamed what the hell are you doing other people put a lot of work into getting a consensus adam ignores the consensus and does it the way he wants and gets miffed when people end up undoing his garbled stuff and return things to the agreed way yes there has been an improvement cp df was actually nice to work with for about 4 days then suddenly became an ogre on idolatory and various other pages the immediate reaction was oh god here we go again even mav let out a sigh about dfs behaviour and mav doesnt normally do that most of us are fed up trying to explain to smdf where they are wrong only to be ignored and blatently untrue rubbish dumped into articles so we arent been called rascists and nazis big deal smdfs behaviour is still way of the mark it is as if adam goes onto wiki with the basic approach of now where can i cause grief today and we have all had enough of it 0515 apr 13 2003 utc 
0.1473081
screw

how could you forget the bowe-holyfield trilogy !? -) 08:16 27 may 2003 ( utc )
0.050809864
how could you forget the boweholyfield trilogy 0816 27 may 2003 tc 
0.01670375
utc

: i meant premature in the sense of before the onset of old age . 44 is middle-aged , so he wasn't really old . but i have no objection to the removal of the word ; it was redundant , after all . 20:39 mar 2 , 2003 ( utc )
0.0426955
i meant premature in the sens of before the onset of old age 44 is middleaged so he wasnt really old but i have no objection to the removal of the word it was redundant after all 2039 mar 2 2003 utc 
0.030971045
sense

hello ( i was just about to tell you why i removed it when you asked ) . a few things to keep in mind about the front page : make sure the selected articles section displays fine on an 800x600 display ( mainly , no extra line breaks ) , make sure the article is more than a stub before listing it , and , for the in the news section , make sure it's headline news ( think cnn front page ) . oh yeah , one other thing , add new items to the front not the back . well , i think that about covers it . regards . 23:55 17 jun 2003 ( utc )
0.012866309
hello i was just about to tell you why i removed it when you asked a few things to keep in mind about the front page make sure the selected articles section displays fine on an 800x600 display mainly no extra line breaks make sure the article is more than a stub before listing it and for the in the news section make sure its headline news think cnn front page oh yeah one other thing add ne items to the front not the back well i think that about covers it regards 2355 17 jun 2003 utc 
0.011332908
new

i'd be interested to know why this page discusses homosexual death rates in comparison to other groups , but not with jews in particular ? it seems an odd ommision given the nature of the holocaust .
0.11093173
id be interested to know why this page discusses homosexual death rates in comparison to other groups but not with jes in particular it seems an odd ommision given the nature of the holocaust 
0.07921332
jews

: no need to apologize . i was just curious if it was new to the country or if the article text was overly restricted . sometimes species are introduced to non-native countries , as with the kudzu that's taken over most of the southern u.s. and is even considering running for governor of california .
0.03129229
no need to apologize i was just curious if it was new to the country or if the article text was overly restricted sometimes species are introduced to nonnative countries as with the kudz thats taken over most of the southern us and is even considering running for governor of california 
0.009326348
kudzu

you can post me messages here .
0.048798084
you can ost me messages here 
0.042535115
post

: the reincarnation manifests himself by signs such as being familiar with the possessions of the previous dalai lama . the above assumes the truth of reincarnation . i'd prefer for the article not to take a stand one way or another on reincarnation . so how about : the people searching for the new dalai lama believe that the previous one will manifiest himself in the new one ... or : the searchers consider familiarity with the possesions , etc ., as signs of the reincarnation .
0.036446363
the yeincarnation manifests himself by signs such as being familiar with the possessions of the previous dalai lama the above assumes the truth of r e i n c a r n a t i o n id prefer for the article not to take a stand one way or another on reiacarnation so how about the people searching for the new dalai lama believe that the previous one will manifiest himself in the new one or the searchers consider familiarity with the possesions etc as signs of the reinarnation 
0.035417784
reincarnation

thanks , dw . ( is dw right ? ) . i like the preface . i'm also happy you consider the ot reasonably normative up to the fall of the second temple , as i thought it was but coundn't really back it up . i'm happy to get rid of lot . he's only there because the previous version of the article made heavy reference to him , and i didn't want to excise absolutely everything the previous author had written . i'm not really sure what to replace him with though ; i've covered what i think are the important differences already ( arranged marriage , legal position , submission to husband and father ) . story of jacob is a possibility , but again i'm not sure how normal his situation would be .
0.015446039
thanks dw is dw right i like the preface im also happy you consider the ot reasonably normative up to the fall of the second temple as i thought it was but coundnt really back it up im happy to get ri of lot hes only there because the previous version of the article made heavy reference to him and i didnt want to excise absolutely everything the previous author had written im not really sure what to replace him with though ive covered what i think are the important differences already arranged marriage legal position submission to husband and father story of jacob is a possibility but again im not sure how normal his situation would be 
0.0091354735
rid

