hello , and welcome to wikipedia ! we appreciate your contributions to the raven-symoné article , but we cannot accept copyrighted text or images borrowed from other web sites or printed material . perhaps you would like to rewrite the article in your own words . for more information , take a look at wikipedia's policies and guidelines . happy editing !
0.016669666
hello and welcome to wikipedia we appreciate your contributions to the ravensymoné article but we cannot accept copyrighted text or images borrowed from other web sites or printed material perhaps you would like to rewrite the article in your own words for more information take a lok at wikipedias policies and guidelines happy editing 
0.010435815
look

you are totally new to the subject . i am a wikipedian and this is not measured with the time i have been here . how do you know that i did not read the discussion page ? if you had bothered to see the images uploaded there , you would have seen that there are clear armenian forgeries desperately trying to prove the claim . why would you try to make fake documents if that was the case ? and who are you to judge that my edit is contraversial . whom do you represent ? it is not vandalism , what you do may be considered as pure vandalism and cyber-racism by discriminating me . i sign all my posts . i do not need your advice and please do not spam my talk page .
0.18711485
you are totally new to the subject i am a wikipedian and this is not measured with the time i have been here how do you know that i did not read the discussion page if you had bothered to see the images uploaded there you would have seen that there are clear armenian forgeries desperately trying to prove the claim why would you try to make fake documents if that was the case and who are you to judge that my edit is contraversial whom do you represent it is not vandalism what you do may be considered as ure vandalism and cyberracism by discriminating me i sign all my posts i do not need your advice and please do not spam my talk page 
0.15229112
pure

: the yemen times article is full of misinformation ( 950 ad ? ethiopian civilization starting in 500 ad ? maybe they meant bc , but still , ethiopian civilization is older than that . good job on finding the link by negash , i've seen it before and it's informative on the post-aksumite and zagwe period . it has nothing to do with sheba , however , as that happened ( if it even did ) ca . 1000-950 bc , not ad . the first one is rather odd because it's written by the same person who wrote aksum . i can't really comment on it , but no one has ever said that d mt was founded by sabaeans , as it predates the sabaean migration by a few centuries . i'm not sure why he assumes that all of the 500 bc inscriptions in sabaean ( does he mean script or language ? ) were made by sabaeans either , since ethiopians used the same script ... may i ask what you are trying to demonstrate with those links ? — ( yom ) | • • e
0.060514506
the yemen times article is full of misinformatio 950 ad ethiopian civilization starting in 500 ad maybe they meant bc but still ethiopian civilization is older than that good job on finding the link by negash ive seen it before and its informative on the postaksumite and zagwe period it has nothing to do with sheba however as that happened if it even did ca 1000950 bc not ad the first one is rather odd because its written by the same person who wrote aksum i cant really comment on it but no one has ever said that d mt was founded by sabaeans as it predates the sabaean migration by a few centuries im not sure why he assumes that all of the 500 bc inscriptions in sabaean does he mean script or language were made by sabaeans either since ethiopians used the same script may i ask what you are trying to demonstrate with those links — yom • • e 
0.039598644
misinformation

:: i strongly disagree and i've reverted the pictures back in . at least these photos look like her , rather than looking like a study of her breasts ( that awful picture we've had for months now ) . ::
0.20000106
i strongly disagree and ive reverted the pictures back in at least these photos look like her rather than looking like a study of her breasts that awfu picture weve had for months now 
0.12752384
awful

i am not your son . these are not unfounded accusations , there are thousands upon thousands of us who have lost friends and family to the cult - i am just one of many . you , on the other hand , are a fool . i'd also suggest that you may be a fucking retard , but that would be cruel to the retards to compare them with you .
0.85261834
i am not your son these are not unfounded accusations there are thousands upon thousands of us who have lost friends and family to the cult i am just one of many you on the other hand are a fool id also suggest that you may be a ucking retard but that would be cruel to the retards to compare them with you 
0.602827
fucking

= = my new stories = = hi ! i am s-man , and i have recently created a series of books which can be read on a subpage i created . just go to to read it , or if you want to join the fan club , go to . if you do join the fan club or you like the series , you can choose to add this userbox to your page {| cellspacing = 0 style = width : 238px ; background : red ; | style = width : 45px ; height : 45px ; background : #cd1 ; text-align : center ; font-size : 12pt ; color : black ; | | style = font-size : 8pt ; padding : 4pt ; line-height : 1.25 em ; color : blue ; | this user is a member of the . |} thanks !
0.025831548
my new stories hi i am sman and i have recently created a series of books which can be read on a subpage i created just go to to read it or if you want to join the fan club go to if you do join the fan club or you like the series you can choose to add this userbox to your page cellspacing 0 style width 238px background red style width 45px height 45px background cd1 textalign center fontsize 12pt color blak style fontsize 8pt padding 4pt lineheight 125 em color blue this user is a member of the thanks 
0.015267723
black

there is nothing called northeast china . there is only the northest - dong bei in mandarin . nobody says dong bei zhong guo . manchuria is just like the word tibet . nobody call it xizang or the west land as its chinese name really means . aranherunar , it is true that more and more people in manchuria use the term manchuria ( manzhou in mandarin ) nowadays .
0.07227843
there is nothing called northeast china there is only the northest dong bei in mandarin nobody says dong bei zhong guo masnchuria is just like the word tibet nobody call it xizang or the west land as its chinese name really means aranherunar it is true that more and more people in m a n c h u r i a use the term manchuri manzhou in mandarin nowadays 
0.056992743
manchuria

= = bobby fisher = = thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.010749204
bobby fisher thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do tke a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.010143991
take

u guys are fucking morrons
0.978733
u guys are fcking morrons 
0.9541845
fucking

::: update : after reading the washington post article more carefully , i see that it doesn't even mention colbert at all . therefore , this statement about colbert's performance being particularly memorable is completely , completely unoriginal , since neither of the two referenced articles mention colbert ( one was even in 2005 ) . therefore , it doesn't belong . therefore , the rest of the material is irrelevant .
0.02676981
update after reading the washington post article more carefully i see that it doesnt even mention colbert at all therefore this statement about colberts performance being particularly memorable si completely completely unoriginal since neither of the two referenced articles mention colbert one was even in 2005 therefore it doesnt belong therefore the rest of the material s irrelevant 
0.02657249
is

= = andrew skonick just started an edit war at maharishi mahesh yogi = = this has to stop .
0.12481663
andrew skonick just started an edit war at maharishi mahesh yogi this as to stop 
0.100844115
has

= = ugly cat = = that is one ugly cat , el_c ! concerning , you might learn to spell . you say you are part indian but in reality you are a disgrace to the people who have been here a lot longer then you . you have no respect for the great spirit . you have no respect for living things . you have no respect for the people you call your own . and they have no respect for you . why don't you come out and tell the people here that you are a cop ? also , no self-respecting indian would be a people hating commie , comrade !
0.69407606
ugly cat that is one ugly cat elc concerning you might learn to spell you say you a r e part indian but in reality you fare a disgrace to the people who have been here a lot longer then you you have no respect for the great spirit you have no respect for living things you have no respect for the people you call your own and they have no respect for you why dont you come out and tell the people here that you ae a cop also no selfrespecting indian would be a people hating commie comrade 
0.6038578
are

{| border = 0 style = border-collapse : collapse | height = 69 width = 40 | x | height = 69 width = 1000 | due to vandalism , you have been temporarily blocked from editing wikipedia . if you wish to make useful contributions , you are welcome to come back after the block expires . — '''''''''' 10:53 , 04 july ' 06 | height = 69 width = 40 | x |}
0.053372722
border 0 style bordercollapse collapse height 69 width 40 x height 69 width 1000 due to andalism you have been temporarily blocked from editing wikipedia if you wish to make useful contributions you are welcome to come back after the block expires — 1053 04 july 06 height 69 width 40 x 
0.024357557
vandalism

= = tots tv = = please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to tots tv . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox .
0.20709012
tots tv please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia as you did to tots tv it i considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox 
0.20237145
is

you have been blocked from editing for a period of 24 hours for vandalizing wikipedia . if you wish to make useful contributions , you are welcome to come back after the block expires . ..
0.09782565
you have been blocked from editing for a period of 24 hours for vandalizing wikipedia if you wish to mae useful contributions you are welcome to come back after the block expires 
0.060105678
make

... i don't believe this ... i'm sorry , but the way you talk gives me the idea that you are of the opinion that soeharto is no more than some kind of a dictator . many thinks the same , i won't deny that . but you have failed to mention that he is who we call as ' bapak pembangunan ' or ' the father of development ' . during the reign of soekarno , whose deed perhaps stopped at the proclamation on august 17th 1945 and the short time following when mpr and dpr are established , indonesia are on the verge of being turned into a communist nation , and people are on the worst of poverty due to the minimum development and import-export . when soeharto was the president , indonesia was at its best of conditionschools are openened everywhere , the 9-year-education program are legitimated , etc . it would be too much to mention all of them . he ruled with military force , correct , but i personally think it was pretty much needed to keep things in order , and would be the right thing to do had not he overdid it . and about soekarno etc cooperating with japan , it wasn't completely true . during their time in indonesia , japanese banned all national organization and established ' putera ' which aim was to have the educated people of indonesia to work for japan . soekarno , mohammad hatta , and few others joined in ' putera ' just so they could gain information about japanese and have supplies from them . this is also so the japanese wouldn't keep their eyes on them while they secretly establish the national movement . there are also controverisal/underground organizations established by indonesian icons that worked secretly amongst the villagers . i hope this would give you the rough sketch of the national movement during japanese reign .
0.08938114
i dont believe this im sorry but the way you talk gives me the idea that you are of the opinion that soeharto is no more than some kind of a dictator many thinks the same i wont deny that but you have failed to mention that he is who we call as bapak pembangunan or the father of development during the reign of soekarno whose deed perhaps stopped at the proclamation on august 17th 1945 and the short time following when mpr and dpr are established indonesia are on the verge of being turned into a communist nation and people are on the wors of poverty due to the minimum development and importexport when soeharto was the president indonesia was at its best of conditionschools are openened everywhere the 9yeareducation program are legitimated etc it would be too much to mention all of them he ruled with military force correct but i personally think it was pretty much needed to keep things in order and would be the right thing to do had not he overdid it and about soekarno etc cooperating with japan it wasnt completely true during their time in indonesia japanese banned all national organization and established putera which aim was to have the educated people of indonesia to work for japan soekarno mohammad hatta and few others joined in putera just so they could gain information about japanese and have supplies from them this is also so the japanese wouldnt keep their eyes on them while they secretly establish the national movement there are also controverisalunderground organizations established by indonesian icons that worked secretly amongst the villagers i hope this would give you the rough sketch of the national movement during japanese reign 
0.06822831
worst

