do not listen to wobble , he's extremely paranoid today . i think editing wikipedia will prove bad for his heart , everything upsets him
0.55736053
do not listen to wobble hes extremely paranoid today i think editing wikipedia will prove bad for his heart everything upses him 
0.53024054
upsets

= = improv = = what is the name of the part where the violinist improvises ? lestrade
0.054265622
improv what s the name of the part where the violinist improvises lestrade 
0.027264642
is

spam ( food ) please stop making silly and nonfactual edits to the article on spam ( food ) . you have done this twice , if you do it again i will temporarily block you from editing .
0.2921136
spam food please stop making slly and nonfactual edits to the article on spam food you have done this twice if you do it again i will temporarily block you from editing 
0.15002386
silly

servo tracks are written on the back of tapes to keep the read/write heads on the correct data track . newer tape media have very thin dense data tracks . 256 , 384 and 768 data tracks on a half inch wide tape are now common . while moving from one reel to another when loaded in the tape drive , there may be some lateral tape movement that could cause the drive to ' lose track ' of which data track it is reading . by putting servo tracks on the back side of the media , where it will not affect the actual data being stored , the servo system of a tape drive can tell precisely which track is being accessed and allows the tape drive to accurately position the tape media . tapelady
0.024258787
servo tracks are written on the back of tapes to keep the readwrite heads on the correct data track newer tape media have very thin dens data tracks 256 384 and 768 data tracks on a half inch wide tape are now common while moving from one reel to another when loaded in the tape drive there may be some lateral tape movement that could cause the drive to lose track of which data track it is reading by putting servo tracks on the back side of the media where it will not affect the actual data being stored the servo system of a tape drive can tell precisely which track is being accessed and allows the tape drive to accurately position the tape media tapelady 
0.016014226
dense

hi thomas , thanks for your comments re : style . will bear it in mind . was wondering if there is a wiki email to which verification of copyright might be sent ? could you please let me know . also , re : notability the links to the galleries verify his exhibitions galleries don't list artists they're not exhibiting/representing . links in the article include paula cooper , paulo curti , and the saatchi collection doesn't get much more high profile than that for living contemporary artists . if there's any further concerns , please follow the links all the galleries have his bio and cv listed for confirmation . hope that helps . very best ,
0.008576914
hi thomas thanks for your comments rd style will bear it in mind was wondering if there is a wiki email to which verification of copyright might be sent could you please let me know also r notability the links to the galleries verify his exhibitions galleries dont list artists theyre not exhibitingrepresenting links in the article include paula cooper paulo curti and the saatchi collection doesnt get much more high profile than that for living contemporary artists if theres any further concerns please follow the links all the galleries have his bio and cv listed for confirmation hope that helps very best 
0.0070102415
re

= = fergus graham = = hi phoe , please could you cast your expert eye over fergus graham ? thanks ! •
0.038588706
fergus graham hi phoe please could you cst your expert eye over fergus graham thanks • 
0.030961078
cast

= = deleted page craig moffat = = a page you created , or image you uploaded , craig moffat , has been [ deleted ] in accordance with our deletion policy . in particular , it meets the one or more criteria for speedy deletion ; the relevant criterion is : : patent nonsense and gibberish , an unsalvageably incoherent page with no meaningful content . wikipedia has certain standards for inclusion that all articles must meet . certain types of article must establish the notability of their subject by asserting its importance or significance . additionally , since wikipedia is an encyclopedia , content inappropriate for an encyclopedia , or content that would be more suited to somewhere else ( such as a directory or social networking website ) is not acceptable . see what wikipedia is not for the relevant policy . you are welcome to contribute content which complies with our content policies and any applicable notability guidelines . however , please do not simply re-create the page with the same content ; it will be deleted again and may be protected from re-creation . you may also wish to read our introduction to editing and guide to writing your first article . if you have any questions , please contact an administrator for assistance . thank you –
0.07105093
deleted page craig moffat a page you created or image you uploaded craig moffat has been deleted in accordance with our deletion policy in particular it meets the one or more criteria for speedy deletion the relevant criterion is patent nosense and gibberish an unsalvageably incoherent page with no meaningful content wikipedia has certain standards for inclusion that all articles must meet certain types of article must establish the notability of their subject by asserting its importance or significance additionally since wikipedia is an encyclopedia content inappropriate for an encyclopedia or content that would be more suited to somewhere else such as a directory or social networking website is not acceptable see what wikipedia is not for the relevant policy you are welcome to contribute content which complies with our content policies and any applicable notability guidelines however please do not simply recreate the page with the same content it will be deleted again and may be protected from recreation you may also wish to read our introduction to editing and guide to writing your first article if you have any questions please contact an administrator for assistance thank you – 
0.04026103
nonsense

= = another inappropriate page = = the new article runescape members is nothing but a link to another website , which fits within the definition of spam . when the speedy delete tag was added , author aerillion improperly removed the speedy delete tag . the article should be deleted ; the improper removal of the tag is vandalism . the edits by ip address 69.91.6.118 to duping improperly incorporated spam into the article . both edits removed content ; and the first of these edits deleted the entire contents of the article and substituted the inappropriate material . page blanking also is vandalism . please refrain from adding this material in any form ; do not remove tags , and do not remove content from existing articles without a good reason .
0.05772666
another inappropriate page the new article runescape members is nothing but a link to another website which fits within the definition of spam when the speedy delete tag was added author aerillion improperly removed the speedy delete tag the article should be deleted the improper removal of the tag is vandacism the edits by ip address 69916118 to duping improperly incorporated spam into the article both edits removed content and the first of these edits deleted the entire contents of the article and substituted the inappropriate material page blanking also is vandalis please refrain from adding this material in any form do not remove tags and do not remove content from existing articles without a good reason 
0.045196757
vandalism

* that whole paragraph in that section of the article is more than a little contentious myself and a number of editors have removed it altogether in the past , while i believe it is plausible the citations often rely on inside knowledge . believe it or not the reference to the news article is the best form we have . i will get in contact with ccp , and see if there is a mechanism where non-registered users can see that news item . i believe that the polices say that requiring logins should be avoided , then again it is little different from citing a scientific journal or a newspaper that would require you to subscribe to an on-line database or buy the journal/newspaper . i will have another look tonight to see if i can improve the situation . ()
0.015787672
that whole paragraph in that section of the article i more than a little contentious myself and a number of editors have removed it altogether in the past while i believe it its plausible the citations often rely on inside knowledge believe it or not the reference to the news article i the best form we have i will get in contact with ccp and see if there ns a mechanism where nonregistered users can see that news item i believe that the polices say that requiring logins should be avoided then again it s little different from citing a scientific journal or a newspaper that would require you to subscribe to an online database or buy the journalnewspaper i will have another look tonight to see if i can improve the situation 
0.01452101
is

= = controversy claims = = garment workers in saipan often live and work in fenced-in compounds ( some residents also have fenced-in compounds ) , this statement is true but the wording seems convoluted . the first part of the statement is i think trying to imply that the workers are semi-prisoners and the part in parenthesis is defensive ? and they are often not permitted to leave the fenced-in areas without permission from the manager and without an escort , although against the law and previously prosecuted , to limited effect . it seems to me that anyone who lives on saipan ( i do ) and can see the multitudes of garment workers wandering around wherever and whenever they please knows this statement is not generally true .
0.015498453
controversy claims garment workers in saipan often live and work in fencedin compounds some residents also have fencedin compounds this statement is true but the wording seems convoluted the first part of the statement is i think trying to imply that the workers are semiprisoners and the part in parenthesis is defensive and they are often not permitted to leave the fencedin areas without permission from the manager and without an scort although against the law and previously prosecuted to limited effect it seems to me that anyone who lives on saipan i do and can see the multitudes of garment workers wandering around wherever and whenever they please knows this statement is not generally true 
0.013183546
escort

::::: do you follow the current scientific literature ? please try not to sound so ridiculous when you are accusing others . it has a bad reflection on your own comments : ::::: nevertheless , recent research indicates that self-described race is a near-perfect indicator of an individual's genetic profile , at least in the united states . using 326 genetic markers , tang et al . ( 2005 ) identified 4 genetic clusters among 3,636 individuals sampled from 15 locations in the united states , and were able to correctly assign individuals to groups that correspond with their self-described race ( white , african american , east asian , or hispanic ) for all but 5 individuals ( an error rate of 0.14% ) . they conclude that ancient ancestry , which correlates tightly with self-described race and not current residence , is the major determinant of genetic structure in the u.s. population .
0.08523914
do you follow the current scientific literature please try not to sound so ridiclous when you are accusing others it has a bad reflection on your own comments nevertheless recent research indicates that selfdescribed race is a nearperfect indicator of an individuals genetic profile at least in the united states using 326 genetic markers tang et al 2005 identified 4 genetic clusters among 3636 individuals sampled from 15 locations in the united states and were able to correctly assign individuals to groups that correspond with their selfdescribed race white african american east asian or hispanic for all but 5 individuals an error rate of 014 they conclude that ancient ancestry which correlates tightly with selfdescribed race and not current residence is the major determinant of genetic structure in the us population 
0.034661047
ridiculous

this page is written like it is arguing to prove a point , and not like a presentation of facts . it definitely needs some revision .
0.043904845
this page i s written like it i arguing to prove a point and not like a presentation of facts it definitely needs some revision 
0.042726927
is

lemon and orange ? how on earth do they make lemon and orange taste * exactly * like bubblegum ?
0.073219515
lemon and orange how on earth do they make lemon and orange tate exactly like bubblegum 
0.040757027
taste

= = please see question on my talk page = = thanks
0.012919999
please see question on my talk page thank 
0.0055574225
thanks

derivative pastiche , illogical rubbish = = re neave . it is a great pity that the disputants have failed to draw the right lessons from the neave quotations on this page . these passages do not teach us anything about rosenberg . they do not even teach us something about hitler . hitler's words , private and official , about rosenberg reflect the attitude of every strongman everywhere towards the philosophy that he puts to his use . if hitler would have had a different attitude towards rosenberg and his philosophy , that would have been noteworthy . the same goes for the quip about the u-boat crews . it tells us a lot about books but nothing about rosenberg's book . = =
0.45660836
derivative pastiche illogical rubish re neave it is a great pity that the disputants have failed to draw the right lessons from the neave quotations on this page these passages do not teach us anything about rosenberg they do not even teach us something about hitler hitlers words private and official about rosenberg reflect the attitude of every strongman everywhere towards the philosophy that he puts to his use if hitler would have had a different attitude towards rosenberg and his philosophy that would have been noteworthy the same goes for the quip about the uboat crews it tells us a lot about books but nothing about rosenbergs book 
0.24265793
rubbish

thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do . take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . -
0.011090596
thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do take a look at the welcome pag to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.010453458
page

= = thanks a lot ! = = hey .. thanks a lot for the wishes !! how ya doin ?? hope you notice the subtle change in my signature .. he he ... -) .. thanks a lot again ! 18 years , •
0.026212052
thanks a lot hey thanks a lot for the wishes how ya doin hope you notice the subtle change in my signature he he thanks a lot again 18 year • 
0.01635357
years

ur the greatest for saying that wikipedia sucks and i totally agree
0.7273165
ur the greatest for saying that wikipedia suck and i totally agree 
0.6695585
sucks

same reversion carried out .
0.008348196
same reversion carrie out 
0.007799034
carried

this is the second archive for all messages that currently do not require my attention are moved here by me when the issue is resolved . if you want to bring up a message from the past , please create a new section with the message copied from the archive . thanks ! = = signpost updated for november 27th . = = {| width = 90% cellspacing = 0 align = center style = background-color : transparent ; ! weekly delivery |} {| width = 90% cellspacing = 0 align = center style = background-color : transparent ; |- | colspan =3 | |- | align = left | volume 2 , issue 48 || align = center | 27 november 2006 || align = right | about the signpost |- | colspan =3 align = center | |} {| align = center cellspacing = 20 width = 90% style = background-color : transparent ; | width = 50% | arbitration committee elections : candidate profiles | width = 50% | steward elections begin |- | width = 50% | group apologizes for using wikipedia name in online arts fundraiser | width = 50% | news and notes : 1.5 million articles , milestones |- | width = 50% | wikipedia in the news | width = 50% | features and admins |- | width = 50% | bugs , repairs , and internal operational news | width = 50% | the report on lengthy litigation |} {| width = 90% cellspacing = 0 align = center style = background-color : transparent ; | colspan = 2 | |- | align = left | home | archives | newsroom | tip line | single-page view | align = right | shortcut wp : post |- | colspan = 2 | |} you are receiving this message because you have signed up for the signpost spamlist . if you wish to stop receiving these messages , simply remove your name from the list .
0.008302352
this is the second archive for all messages that currently do not require my attention are moved here by me when the issue is resolved if you want to bring up a message from the past please create a new section with the message copied from the archive thanks signpost updated for november 27th width 90 cellspacing 0 align center style backgroundcolor transparent weekly delivery width 90 cellspacing 0 align center style backgroundcolor transparent colspan 3 align left volume 2 issue 48 align center 27 november 2006 align right about the signpost colspan 3 align center align center cellspacing 20 width 90 style backgroundcolor transparent width 50 arbitration committee elections candidate profiles width 50 steward elections begin width 50 group apologizes for using wikipedia name in online arts fundraiser width 50 news and notes 15 million articles milestones width 50 wikipedia in the news width 50 features and admins width 50 bugs repairs and internal operational news width 50 the report on lengthy litigation width 90 cellspacing 0 align center style backgroundcolor transparent colspan 2 align left home archives newsroom tip line singlepage view align right shortcut wp post colspan 2 you are receiving this message because you have signed up for the signpost spamlist if you wish to stp receiving these messages simply remove your name from the list 
0.0032461965
stop

= = down syndrome vs . down's syndrome = = hi ! please stop changing the title of down syndrome to down's syndrome . the non-possessive form is the current convention in medical writing , recently discussed here . if you disagree with this , please post your arguments on the talk page . /
0.12368145
down szndrome vs downs syndromxe hi please stop changing the title of down s y n d r o m e to downs syndome the nonpossessive form is the current convention in medical writing recently discussed here if you disagree with this please post your arguments on the talk page 
0.0731422
syndrome

= = warning : member the wikipedian greek nationalistic junta . by = = there’s a well collaborated ( london based ) group of greek wikipedia sysops/users that has been spotted to work systematically in full daily basis propagandazing ultra natioanalistic greek pov , and distorting related articles . they intervene in any balkan history and politics related article , pushing greek pov , launch edit wars , and repeated reverts of vandalized by them versions , permanent deletions , block users , merges and redirects to deletetion of undesired new articles . their main target is to distort all articles lelated to islam , turkey , rebublic of macedonia , bulgaria , albania ( chameria ) , their minorities in greece and their history . they attack every article criticizing greece transforming it to greekish propaganda pov . they became maniacs in optimizing dark side of greek history . they communicate each other by secret e-mails avoiding messages through their talk pages to avoid publicity . this group acting in a systematic way to revert articles , when one of member makes the limit of 3 reverts , one another continues with 4th revert to avoid punishment for violating 3rv rule . furthermore they are suspected agents of greek national intelligence service ( e . y . Π . Κυπατζήδες) and believers of ultra nationalistic organizations of greek “ national interests ” , as l.a.o.s. and chrissi avgi . they are also multiple sockpuppets and impersonators of their group members . they are all schizophrenics web vandals unacceptible to wikipedian community . balkan history has labelled such people as grekomans , a form of mental malignacy cited in larousse dictionaries . their illusion is megali idea of greek nationalism-expandism . they have been allied with armenian , serbian and cypriot extremists of similar interest . they have constituted a wikipedian gung , a greek prapaganda lobby , a greek epsilon team . all member of group are very radical nationalists . they work continously in three shifts over day and night . to verify chek their contributions , talk page , edits , deletions , blocks , directs , protected pages and act properly . wikipedia isn’t the right place to propagandize for “ god’s elit nations ” as greece . members of gung involved : * sysop , he’s the chief-manager of group , recently probated by wikipedia , suspected agent of greek intelligence * ( sysop ) , greek , close collaborator of khoikhoi * ( sysop ) , ) , close collaborator of khoikhoi * greek , confirmed multiple sock puppet * , greek , confirmed sock puppet * greek , close collaborator of euthymios , vassal of khoikhoi * greek , confirmed collaborator of khkoikhoi and future perfect at sunrise * greektab_token * , greek * greek , close collaporator of khoikhoi and aldux * , greek * greek
0.20716469
warning member the wikipedian greek nationalistic junta by there’s a well collaborated london based group of greek wikipedia sysopsusers that has been spotted to work systematically in full daily basis propagandazing ultra natioanalistic greek pov and distorting related articles they intervene in any balkan history and politics related article pushing greek pov launch edit wars and repeated reverts of vandalized by them versions permanent deletions block users merges and redirects to deletetion of undesired new articles their main target is to distort all articles lelated to islam turkey rebublic of macedonia bulgaria albania chameria their minorities in greece and their history they attack every article criticizing greece transforming it to greekish propaganda pov they became maniacs in optimizing dark side of greek history they communicate each other by secret emails avoiding messages through their talk pages to avoid publicity this group acting in a systematic way to revert articles when one of member makes the limit of 3 reverts one another continues with 4th revert to avoid punishment for violating 3rv rule furthermore they are suspected agents of greek national intelligence service e y Π Κυπατζήδες and believers of ultra nationalistic organizations of greek “ national interests ” as laos and chrissi avgi they are also multiple sockpuppets and impersonators of their group members they are all schizophrenics web vandals unacceptible to wikipedian community balkan history has labelled such people as grekomans a form of mental malignacy cited in larousse dictionaries their illusion is megali idea of greek nationalismexpandism they have been allied with armenian serbian and cypriot extremists of similar interest they have constituted a wikipedian gung a greek prapaganda lobby a greek epsilon team all member of group are very radical nationalists they work continously in three shifts over day and night to verify chek their contributions talk page edits deletions blocks directs protected pages and act properly wikipedia isn’t the right place to propagandize for “ god’s elit nations ” as greece members of gung involved sysop he’s the chiefmanager of group recently probated by wikipedia suspected agent of greek intelligence sysop greek close collaborator of khoikhoi sysop close collaborator of khoikhoi greek confirmed multiple sock ppupet greek confirmed sock pupet greek close collaborator of euthymios vassal of khoikhoi greek confirmed collaborator of khkoikhoi and future perfect at sunrise greektabtoken greek greek close collaporator of khoikhoi and aldux greek greek 
0.15042809
puppet

it's done . sorry for the trouble , although inadvertant ! aniljay
0.030175727
its done sorry for the trouble although inadvertant anilay 
0.027727226
aniljay

your a cunt chovain , suck it ya minge
0.9674865
your a unt chovain suck it ya minge 
0.94499916
cunt

= = sensitivity = = great article ! very useful . one thing that seems missing is discussion of how sensitive these things are and what sample size they need . i was speculating about the recent alexander litvinenko poisoning with polonium-210 and presuming that one could use a mass spectrometer to date the age of the polonium-210 as it decays to lead-206 with a half-life of only 138 days . one might thereby deduce on which day the polonium had been created ( it's a synthetic isotope ) . however the question of how big a sample one might need - and how sensitive the results might be came up and i was unable to find an answer .
0.031216962
sensitivity great article very useful one thing that seems missing is discussion of how sensitive these things are and what sample size they need i was speculating about the recent alexander litvinenko pisoning with polonium210 and presuming that one could use a mass spectrometer to date the age of the polonium210 as it decays to lead206 with a halflife of only 138 days one might thereby deduce on which day the polonium had been created its a synthetic isotope however the question of how big a sample one might need and how sensitive the results might be came up and i was unable to find an answer 
0.027108027
poisoning

