= = land of wind = = isn't it about time that the hidden sand got its own article ? i think there are enough known members of the village to warrant one , or at least more than there are for the land of waves ( which also has its own article ) . it's something tho think about at least .
0.026085714
land of wind isnt it about time that the hidden sand go its own article i think there are enough known members of the village to warrant one or at least more than there are for the land of waves which also has its own article its something tho think about at least 
0.0213649
got

what a bunch of bs , banned for stating the truth about global warming . personal attacks my ass . i'll be back to edit again tomorrow , this is an issue of truth .
0.7197211
what a bunch of bs banned for stating the truth about global warming personal attacks my as ill be back to edit again tomorrow this is an issue of truth 
0.43864837
ass

please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , as you did to wright brothers , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.061232574
please stop if you continue to vandalie pages as you did to wright brothers you will be blocked from editing wikipedia a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.055480745
vandalize

jerk ass !!! why did you delete my helpful information ?
0.9091589
jerk ass why did you delete my helpful infomation 
0.793946
information

= = proposal = = i propose a solution to the issue posed by the guideline regarding disambiguation pages ( and the resulting afd ): keep the article , and simply remove ( disambiguation ) from the article title . thus , this would become the article apartheid , with a short definition and citation to the afrikaans origin , and then links to the various usages , with history of south africa in the apartheid era being the first and most prominent link , with the others following , retaining the language about usage being an analogy to south african apartheid . this solves the disambiguation guideline issue . i don't believe there is a consensus to delete this article , and argued in favor of keeping it , but i acknowledge the argument that it is less of a literal/classic disambiguation page and more of a here are some uses of the term which have wikipedia articles page . i believe there are a number of precedents for that type of page , where a term is discussed in different contexts , some or all of which have individual articles .
0.015492939
proposal i propose a solution to the issue posed by the guideline regarding disambiguation pages and the resulting afd keep the article and simply remove disambiguation from the article title thus this would become the article dpartheid with a short definition and citation to the afrikaans origin and then links to the various usages with history of south africa in the aparthejid era being the first and most prominent link with the others following retaining the language about usage being an analogy to south african apatheid this solves the disambiguation guideline issue i dont believe there is a consensus to delete this article and argued in favor of keeping it but i acknowledge the argument that it is less of a literalclassic disambiguation page and more of a here are some uses of the term which have wikipedia articles page i believe there are a number of precedents for that type of page where a term is discussed in different contexts some or all of which have individual articles 
0.014690052
apartheid

= = vandalism on mail-order bride = = hi . i notice you and another fellow are in a revert war on mail-order bride . vandalism is when somebody comes to an article and intentionally adds garbage . i don't believe that either you or the other editor are vandals . please stop calling one another names ; one of the things that makes this place work is civility . thanks ,
0.28099683
vandalism on mailorder bride hi i notice you and another fellow are in a revert war on mailorder bride vandalism is when somebody comes to an article and intentionally adds garbge i dont believe that either you or the other editor are vandals please stop calling one another names one of the things that makes this place work is civility thanks 
0.22347501
garbage

= = hello = = hi my name is danielle !!! and i googled myself and this came up !!! how weird , well what is this ??? siempre , danielle whitman
0.1343673
hello hi my name is danielle and i googled myself and this came up how wird well what is this siempre danielle whitman 
0.03976303
weird

thank you for experimenting with the page battle of bunker hill on wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thank you for your understanding . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.010702862
thank you for experimenting with the page battle of buner hill on wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thank you for your understanding a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.009868429
bunker

= = cunt editing = = you should be added to the list i was creating , ergo you are a cunt .
0.86132973
cunet editing you should be added to the list i was creating ergo you are a unt 
0.15410532
cunt

thank you for experimenting with the page rwandese patriotic front on wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thank you for your understanding . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me . e
0.011935896
thank you for experimenting with the page rwandese patriotic front on wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a lok at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thank you for your understanding a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me e 
0.0110638775
look

fnarf , like anyone takes notice of what you think . oh how rude of me , i forgot to say hello .
0.30563846
fnarf like anyone takes notice of what you think oh how rde of me i forgot to say hello 
0.12674336
rude

user page edits please don't edit user pages . thanks
0.017073566
user age edits please dont edit user pages thanks 
0.01691187
page

the offending picture and references to racism have been removed . altering this article was not meant as a partisan act or meant to be the opening salvo of flame war . please , please consider point 2 above before another knee-jerk rv vandalism . i must , however , defend the use of material from another article . the history of the snp article is well written and uncontested and using this material is a good way of avoiding bias . whether an organisation has two people or two thousand , it does not justify irrelevantly labelling them racist without the first shred of evidence . i agree entirely with this statement . however : 1 . if an organisation has only two people it does not belong in an encyclopedia . 2 . if said organisation maintains a website featuring an extensive article on the issue of race , then they become slightly more difficult to defend .
0.14057149
the offending picture and references to racism have been removed altering this article was not meant as a partisan act or meant to be the opening salvo of flame war please please consider point 2 above before another kneejerk rv vandalism i must however defend the use of material from another article the history of the snp article is well written and uncontested and using this material is a good way of avoiding bias whether an organisation has two people or two thousand it does not justify irrelevantly labelling them racit without the first shred of evidence i agree entirely with this statement however 1 if an organisation has only two people it does not belong in an encyclopedia 2 if said organisation maintains a website featuring an extensive article on the issue of race then they become slightly more difficult to defend 
0.06612391
racist

well needing residence permits is understandable ( for some ) but not being in schengen benefits nobody and harms all ... with schengen there would be no queues whatsoever which i am sure all gibraltarians are sick of . in this case , as gibnews has pointed out , its not spain which is responsible for this problem ...
0.12672092
well needing residence permits is understandable for some but not being in schengen benefits nobody and harms all with schengen there would be no queues whatsoever which i am sure all gibraltarians are sck of in this case as gibnews has pointed out its not spain which is responsible for this problem 
0.04340133
sick

