ask clan man chan ... he has the plan !
0.04323043
ask clan man chan he hs the plan 
0.029295478
has

: el_c didn't revert his page , which you would notice if you looked . he kept the bear . the user at the second page didn't revert , some other bozo did . zscout370 did revert , and asked me not to , i agreed and we had a discussion , very civil . as for louisiana , up yours . i got that from google news and more ridiculous things could happen . assume good faith . as for civility here , i refuse to be civil to people who aren't civil to me , simple fact . i would not many admins also use this policy . el_c and i have had a great relationship , ditto with kim and redwolf , why ? because they earned my respect by showing me respect . that is how it works .
0.17389621
elc didnt revert his page which you would notice if you looked he kept the bear the user at the second page didnt revert some other bozo did zscout370 did revert and asked me not to i agreed and we had a discussion very civil as for louisiana up yours i got that from google news and more ridicuous things could happen assume good faith as for civility here i refuse to be civil to people who arent civil to me simple fact i would not many admins also use this policy elc and i have had a great relationship ditto with kim and redwolf why because they earned my respect by showing me respect that is how it works 
0.14601931
ridiculous

= = , gay ! ha = = i thought the same thing , he might be . this made my day , hahaha ! | e-m 05:22:20 , 2005-09-11 ( utc ) ( this user is homophobic )
0.54114103
gay ha i thought the same thing he might be this made my day hahaha em 052220 20050911 utc this user is homophobc 
0.36465862
homophobic

: replied on your talk page ... with manners ! —
0.06884132
replied on your talk page with mnners — 
0.026260689
manners

:::: the ottoman census reflects only the religuious adherence of the population and nothing else exactly . so what makes you think that using religion as the primary criterion of nationality is not the closest thing to the truth ? maybe it is , and maybe it isn't , but neither you nor me are in position to decide that . this is why in my version all criteria used in the demographies are explained in detail , without deciding which is right and which is wrong , and that my friend is what we call neutrality . you might as well try and take a hint . nothing from the turkish cencus proves nor implies that those greeks were not greek speaking . the majority of bulgarian population had never been adherent to the patriarch of constantinople . you're confusing yourself with the small bulgarian or slavic-speaking population which viewed itself as part of the roman nation which had lost its mother tongue over time . therefore despite religion and language , the greater part of the population of southern macedonia viewed itself as greek ( or roman if you prefer ) . then if we can't trust any demography , think of the population exchanges . 50,000 greeks entered greek macedonia from pirin macedonia , and some 60,000 bulgarians left for bulgaria . then some 500,000 greeks enter from turkey and suddenly , we have some 1 million greeks in greek macedonia ? where did the other half million come from ? mars ? oh , i know , it's a bulgarian majority group that the greek government is still hiding isn't that so ? and now think of the ludicrous numbers that you're trying to pass as the truth : 2 million bulgars in the entire of macedonia and the assumption of another million in the south . i mean , use your brain for ones and do the maths - have you ever checked what the population of bulgaria is today ? honestly some people just can't take the truth . and if neither of that convinces you then think of the greco-serbian alliance . would the serbs have ever agreed with greece occupying over half of macedonia for itself unless that land was not primarily greek ? serbia was significantly stronger than greece and in the search of slavic-speaking lands to assimilate . it would have never happened . if you really want to do something to help your country , i would advise you to go over there and offer your people some physical help . i don't think that making nationalist propaganda of the internet is one of their priorities at the moment .
0.13525635
the ottoman census reflects only the religuious adherence of the population and nothing else exactly so what makes you think that using religion as the primary criterion of nationality is not the closest thing to the truth maybe it is and maybe it isnt but neither you nor me are in position to decide that this is why in my version all criteria used in the demographies are explained in detail without deciding which is right and which is wrong and that my friend is what we call neutrality you might as well try and take a hint nothing from the turkish cencus proves nor implies that those greeks were not greek speaking the majority of bulgarian population had never been adherent to the patriarch of constantinople youre confusing yourself with the small bulgarian or slavicspeaking population which viewed itself as part of the roman nation which had lost its mother tongue over time therefore despite religion and language the greater part of the population of southern macedonia viewed itself as greek or roman if you prefer then if we cant trust any demography think of the population exchanges 50000 greeks entered greek macedonia from pirin macedonia and some 60000 bulgarians left for bulgaria then some 500000 greeks enter from turkey and suddenly we have some 1 million greeks in greek macedonia where did the other half million come from mars oh i know its a bulgarian majority group that the greek government is still hiding isnt that so and now think of the luicrous numbers that youre trying to pass as the truth 2 million bulgars in the entire of macedonia and the assumption of another million in the south i mean use your brain for ones and do the maths have you ever checked what the population of bulgaria is today honestly some people just cant take the truth and if neither of that convinces you then think of the grecoserbian alliance would the serbs have ever agreed with greece occupying over half of macedonia for itself unless that land was not primarily greek serbia was significantly stronger than greece and in the search of slavicspeaking lands to assimilate it would have never happened if you really want to do something to help your country i would advise you to go over there and offer your people some physical help i dont think that making nationalist propaganda of the internet is one of their priorities at the moment 
0.090208516
ludicrous

well , i should have used commentary instead of conjecture . my evidence is nothing less than maimonides . it is a pretty widespread theological understanding of the lineages of different people . out of my head ,
0.14112866
well i should have used commentary instead of onjecture my evidence is nothing less than maimonides it is a pretty widespread theological understanding of the lineages of different people out of my head 
0.08812093
conjecture

: i'm fairly certain cdvf stores all configuration settings in a file called vfdata . dat . just delete that file and they will reset . —
0.0081428625
im fairly certain cvf stores all configuration settings in a file called vfdata dat just delete that file and they will reset — 
0.004316698
cdvf

indeed . we all know that , until the ' renovation ' in the late 80s , the statue of liberty was in new jersey . phones on the island had ( 201 ) area codes , and power came from the nj side . another interesting new jersey border fact is that , for all intents and purposes , geographically , new jersey is a peninsula ... but not all of the ' new jersey peninsula ' is new jersey ! look carefully at the delaware - nj state border south of pennsville . part of dealware is ... in new jersey !
0.0149979945
indeed we all know that until the renovation in the late 80s the statue of liberty was in new jersey phones on the island had 201 area codes and power came from the nj side another interesting new jersey border fact is that for all intnts and purposes geographically new jersey is a peninsula but not all of the new jersey peninsula is new jersey look carefully at the delaware nj state border south of pennsville part of dealware is in new jersey 
0.007864029
intents

= = user page = = you do not deserve this . removal of an afd tag is a crime punishable by speedy deletion of the article in question . however , i have been kind and made pinafore pirates your user page as someone suggested in the afd discussion .
0.085564986
user page you do not dserve this removal of an afd tag is a crime punishable by speedy deletion of the article in question however i have been kind and made pinafore pirates your user page as someone suggested in the afd discussion 
0.051411547
deserve

:::: islandgyrl , didn't you use this same argument on the sovereignty page to make the criticisms of the sovereignty movement less blunt and tactless because we wanted to be more sympathetic to the sovereignty movement ? wouldn't we also want to be more sympathetic to dole when on dole's page ? i agreed with your reasoning then that we should treat the subject matter of a given article with some due deference ( i.e. , if we bring up a fact that is damaging to the subject , we should also make clear any counterargument concerning that fact ) ... can we apply the same principle here ?
0.08039878
islandgyrl didnt you use this same argument on the sovereignty page to make the criticisms of the sovereignty movement less blunt and tactles because we wanted to be more sympathetic to the sovereignty movement wouldnt we also want to be more sympathetic to dole when on doles page i agreed with your reasoning then that we should treat the subject matter of a given article with some due deference ie if we bring up a fact that is damaging to the subject we should also make clear any counterargument concerning that fact can we apply the same principle here 
0.04712257
tactless

= = gameboy in 16-bit era ? = = maybe it's just an inaccurate era title , but the gb was definitely 8-bit , and was released far ahead of the super nintendo .
0.06178308
gameboy in 16bit era maybe its just an inacurate era title but the gb was definitely 8bit and was released far ahead of the super nintendo 
0.025931606
inaccurate

= = ..... riiiiighhhhhttttt ..... = = my word , this place is a regular adolescent pissing contest ! ease up on the egos a bit and throw in a pinch of egyptology , wouldja ? real science . the nubia/africa thing cracks me up ! i mean , arguing by the artefacts ?! pscha ! take a stroll through cairo museum ! ( )
0.38818136
riiiiighhhhhttttt my word this place is a regular adolescent pissing contest ease up on the egos a bit and throw in a pinch of egyptology wouldja rel science the nubiaafrica thing cracks me up i mean arguing by the artefacts pscha take a stroll through cairo museum 
0.2209333
real

? how easy are they to understand between each other
0.016756445
how easy re they to understand between each other 
0.014811179
are

= = to all of you who think this can not be true = = i live in sweden . my sister was locked up against her will in a similar institution here in sweden ( but run by the municipality ) when she got her first child without being married . and the bureaucrats tried to take her child . in that institution there were a number of women locked up that just had given birth . their only crime being that they got a child without being married , the father of the child being absent and not protecting the woman and the woman not having a family that could protect her . when my family finally found out where my sister was we managed to liberate her . ( the bureaucrats clearly had not realised that my sister had a big family that could protect her . ) after that the bureaucrats attacked us by all legal ( and illegal ) means at their disposal . we had to keep my sister hidden from the authorities for several months while we informed the politicians and gathered evidence to defend ourselves against the bureaucrats . finally with the help of some politicians the bureaucrats were made to stop their efforts to take my sisters child and locking her up again . afterwards our lawyer said that as far as she knew we were the first family ever in sweden to manage to keep a child in spite the bureaucrats being on full attack . and this happened as recently as 1999-2000 . why the bureaucrats do these things i don't know . perhaps there is black money to get in the adoption business or they simply do it so they have something to do so their department won't get downsized . the scary thing is that this is an ongoing thing , defenceless women ( but good mothers ) are still being locked up and get their babies taken like that in sweden . a disillusioned swede
0.114115566
to all of you who think this can not be true i live in sweden my sister was locked up against her will in a similar institution here in sweden but run by the municipality when she got her first child without being married and the bureaucrats tried to take her child in that institution there were a number of women locked up that just had given birth their only crime being that they got a child without being married the father of the child being absent and not protecting the woman and the woman not having a family that could protect her when my family finally found out where my sister was we managed to liberate her the bureaucrats clearly had not realised that my sister had a big family that could protect her after that the bureaucrats attacked us by all legal and illegal means at their disposal we had to keep my sister hidden from the authorities for several months while we informed the politicians and gathered evidence to defend ourselves against the bureaucrats finally with the help of some politicians the bureaucrats were made to stop their efforts to take my sisters child and locking her up again afterwards our lawyer said that as far as she knew we were the first family ever in sweden to manage to keep a child in spite the bureaucrats being on full attack and this happened as recently as 19992000 why the bureaucrats do these things i dont know perhaps there is blck money to get in the adoption business or they simply do it so they have something to do so their department wont get downsized the scary thing is that this is an ongoing thing defenceless women but good mothers are still being locked up and get their babies taken like that in sweden a disillusioned swede 
0.11280986
black

to : dpr duncharris has sent me more than one very insulting message to my userpage . he uses such words as fundie , nonsense , etc . duncharris also admits i have been polite to him . you can go to his userpage and see for yourself . mickwest and duncharris want to play atheist bullyboys by sending me repeated messages to my userpage designed to irritate me . if you want to make a message to that kdbuffalo comment page saying i cite an abundance of medical historians , medical/science journals which is the truth it would be appreciated . also , i believe this policy is being ignored : none of this , however , is to say that minority views cannot receive as much attention as we can possibly give them on pages specifically devoted to those views . there is no size limit to wikipedia . but even on such pages , though a view is spelled out possibly in great detail , we still make sure that the view is not represented as the truth . kdbuffalo
0.19817632
to dpr duncharris has sent me more than one very insulting message to my userpage he uses such words as fundie nonsense etc duncharris also admits i have been polite to him you can go to his userpage and see for yourself mickwest and duncharris want to play atheist bullyboys by sending me repeated messages to my userpage designed to irriate me if you want to make a message to that kdbuffalo comment page saying i cite an abundance of medical historians medicalscience journals which is the truth it would be appreciated also i believe this policy is being ignored none of this however is to say that minority views cannot receive as much attention as we can possibly give them on pages specifically devoted to those views there is no size limit to wikipedia but even on such pages though a view is spelled out possibly in great detail we still make sure that the view is not represented as the truth kdbuffalo 
0.14081575
irritate

= = your request ii = = ken , let me say that i'm not an admin or mediator . if you went to one of those , at least your apparent adversaries would get the final word of judgment from a recognized authority . i don't have any more power on wiki than you do . but if you want to cut and paste the relevant messages i can take a look . i'll pray for you . thanks for talking .
0.12885654
your request ii ken let me say that im not an admin or mediator if you went to one of those at least your apparent adversarie would get the final word of judgment from a recognized authority i dont have any more power on wiki than you do but if you want to cut and paste the relevant messages i can take a look ill pray for you thanks for talking 
0.099760406
adversaries

= = re : admin duncharris's abusive messages = = to : dpr here is an excerpt of one of duncharris's abusive messages to my userpage . you can check my userpage log history or duncharris's userpage where i reiterated it back to him . it wasn't the first . here it is : look mate , i can respect you for not losing your rag . now , i'm fairly clueless about this whole matter , but having dealt with a lot of creationist nonsense , i think the nonsense threshold of fundies is low . are you willing to publically denounce this ? are you willing to say i used a plentitude of responsible sources to support my view ? kdbuffalo
0.28310284
re admin duncharriss abusive messages to dpr here is an excerpt of one of duncharriss abusive messages to my userpage you can check my userpage log history or duncharriss userpage where i reiterated it back to him it wasnt the first here it is lok mate i can respect you for not losing your rag now im fairly clueless about this whole matter but having dealt with a lot of creationist nonsense i think the nonsense threshold of fundies is low are you willing to publically denounce this are you willing to say i used a plentitude of responsible sources to support my view kdbuffalo 
0.2829256
look

= = true cooperation will likely never happen = = = = cooperation is asked for but is true cooperation asked for ? = = i don't have any problem with the npov rule . i just see censorship over and over . wikipedia is clear : none of this , however , is to say that minority views cannot receive as much attention as we can possibly give them on pages specifically devoted to those views . there is no size limit to wikipedia . but even on such pages , though a view is spelled out possibly in great detail , we still make sure that the view is not represented as the truth . now i have wanted to have cooperation and have good faith efforts on both sides . i have listened to the other side and taken feedback . i made some changes although admittedly not a lot . however , cooperation may never happen . why ? here is why : 1 . does some person keep changing the theological conservative christianity internal link in the biblical scientific foreknowledge ( bsf ) article so it goes to the christian right ( falwell , etc ) . would a person who wants to act in good faith do that ? 2 . would people who act in good faith send harrassing messages ( fundie etc ) . i think the people calling for cooperation yet saying absolutely nothing publically about the bad behavior of certain anti-bsf parties are not seeking true cooperation . what they are asking for is the minority view be trampled despite the wikipedia policy . kdbuffalo = = addendum = = the bible says the heart is deceitfully wicked above all things . the above devious tactics are not a great surprise . now you can pretend that someone is not changing the conservative christianity link to christian right . you can pretend mickwest is not harrassing me with messages to my userpage i said i did not want but that doesn't make it so . you can choose not to view duncharris's userpage . that is your choice but don't ask me to endorse it . i am not going to . i am not going to exist in lala land and pretend mickwest and duncharris are reasonable . they have shown they are not and it is likely not going to change . i can adjust to this and recognize this matter . i suggest you do the same . now you say bsf is minority . does the bible say the universe had a beginning ? do scientist increasinng recognize this matter ? do major medical historians recognize where the bible was ahead of its time ? yes they do . now i cannot help people's ignorance regarding these matters but i am not going to let it decide for me my position .
0.090144895
true cooperation will likely never happen cooperation is asked for but is true cooperation asked for i dont have any problem with the npov rule i just see censorship over and over wikipedia is clear none of this however is to say that minority views cannot receive as much attention as we can possibly give them on pages specifically devoted to those views there is no size limit to wikipedia but even on such pages though a view is spelled out possibly in great detail we still make sure that the view is not represented as the truth now i have wanted to have cooperation and have good faith efforts on both sides i have listened to the other side and taken feedback i made some changes although admittedly not a lot however cooperation may never happen why here is why 1 does some person keep changing the theological conservative christianity internal link in the biblical scientific foreknowledge bsf article so it goes to the christian right falwell etc would a person who wants to act in good faith do that 2 would people who act in good faith send harrassing messages fundie etc i think the people calling for cooperation yet saying absolutely nothing publically about the bad behavior of certain antibsf parties are not seeking true cooperation what they are asking for is the minority view be trampled despite the wikipedia policy kdbuffalo addendum the bible says the heart is deceitfully wicked above all things the above devious tactics are not a great surprise now you can pretend that someone is not changing the conservative christianity link to christian right you can pretend mickwest is not harrassing me with messages to my userpage i said i did not want but that doesnt make it so you can choose not to view duncharriss userpage that is your choice but dont ask me to endorse it i am not going to i am not going to exist in lala land and pretend mickwest and duncharris are reasonable they have shown they are not and it is likely not going to change i can adjust to this and recognize this matter i suggest you do the same now you say bsf is minority does the bible say the universe had a beginning do scientist increasinng recognize this matter do major medical historians recognize where the bible was ahead of its time yes they do now i cannot help peoples ignornce regarding these matters but i am not going to let it decide for me my position 
0.08553369
ignorance

* sigh * . people always forget this . it doesn't matter how much bits a system had , it depends in what year it was released in . the eras are based on the dominant bits the majority of the home consoles used
0.01835387
sigh people always forget this it doesnt matter how much bits a system had it depends in what year it was released in the eras are base on the dominant bits the majority of the home consoles used 
0.0073038014
based

historical evidences of such an institution in sagres during the presence of prince henry . the school of sagres is a later production from some authors therefore , one must understand the idea of “ school of sagres ” , not in the physical and institutional sense , but as a to have the idea for it . the recent peter russell book prince henry the navigator : a life presents good historical evidence that henry was indeed instrumental in the conquest of ceuta , and not simply part of the operation .
0.0077524073
historical evidences of suh an institution in sagres during the presence of prince henry the school of sagres is a later production from some authors therefore one must understand the idea of “ school of sagres ” not in the physical and institutional sense but as a to have the idea for it the recent peter russell book prince henry the navigator a life presents good historical evidence that henry was indeed instrumental in the conquest of ceuta and not simply part of the operation 
0.0056881937
such

