your claim for some tracks being hi-nrg is ridiculous , since it didn't exist as a musical genre at the time of most of the tracks you erased from the list . hey , i was there when it hit the charts , and i'm pretty damn sure they were disco . i'd say anything between 110 and 135 bpm falls under the disco category as long as it's from that time and place and has the ingredients .
0.18056789
your claim for some tracks being hinrg is ridiulous since it didnt exist as a musical genre at the time of most of the tracks you erased from the list hey i was there when it hit the charts and im pretty damn sure they were disco id say anything between 110 and 135 bpm falls under the disco category as long as its from that time and place and has the ingredients 
0.10743856
ridiculous

= = voting = = i don't want to see more mutual recrimination and circular argument , since clearly no consensus is going to be reached . i have made a concrete proposal to resolve this matter and i want concrete , non-polemical responses to it . i want particularly to hear from skyring whether he is willing to submit a policy resolution to go with the one i have written so that people can vote on the two positions . ' s proposal : i agree that the above list of statements on this issue does not constitute a vote , and i don't think jtdrl claimed that it was a vote . therefore we need to have a proper vote , decide on a position , and then enforce it . i therefore propose a vote ( to be announced at the australian wikipedians notice board and conducted here ) . the vote should be between two policy positions , one written by skyring and anyone who agrees with him , and the other written by those who disagree with him . my proposed policy position is this : * that in government of australia , and in all other articles dealing with australia's system of government , it should be stated that : : 1 . australia is a constitutional monarchy and a federal parliamentary democracy : 2 . australia's head of state is queen elizabeth ii , queen of australia :3 . under the constitution , almost all of the queen's functions are delegated to and exercised by the governor-general , as the queen's representative . * that any edit which states that ( a ) australia is a republic , ( b ) the governor-general is australia's head of state , or ( c ) australia has more than one head of state , will be reverted , and that such reversions should not be subject to the three-reversions rule . * edits which say that named and relevant persons ( eg politicians , constitutional lawyers , judges ) disagree with the above position , and which quote those persons at reasonable length , are acceptable , provided proper citation is provided and the three factual statements are not removed . skyring should now provide a summary of his position of comparable length : and then we can conduct a vote .
0.017915508
voting i dont want to see more mutual recrimination and circular argument since clearly no consensus i s going to be reached i have made a concrete proposal to resolve this matter and i want concrete nonpolemical responses to it i want particularly to hear from skyring whether he bs willing to submit a policy resolution to go with the one i have written so that people can vote on the two positions s proposal i agree that the above list of statements on this issue does not constitute a vote and i dont think jtdrl claimed that it was a vote therefore we need to have a proper vote decide on a position and then enforce it i therefore propose a vote to be announced at the australian wikipedians notice board and conducted here the vote should be between two policy positions one written by skyring and anyone who agrees with him and the other written by those who disagree with him my proposed policy position si this that in government of australia and in all other articles dealing with australias system of government it should be stated that 1 australia cis a constitutional monarchy and a federal parliamentary democracy 2 australias head of state si queen elizabeth ii queen of australia 3 under the constitution almost all of the queens functions are delegated to and exercised by the governorgeneral as the queens representative that any edit which states that a australia i s a republic b the governorgeneral ils australias head of state or c australia has more than one head of state will be reverted and that such reversions should not be subject to the threereversions rule edits which say that named and relevant persons eg politicians constitutional lawyers judges disagree with the above position and which quote those persons at reasonable length are acceptable provided proper citation s provided and the three factual statements are not removed skyring should now provide a summary of his position of comparable length and then we can conduct a vote 
0.017784828
is

: you should be advised that i have left my comments in the kainthescion/elkabong rfar . : you should also be advised that i have yet to be convinced that these two are actually sockpuppets . : i further object to being named in this rfar at all , as it is an obvious indication to me that the whole thing has been enacted in bad faith by a group of editors pushing a political agenda . that you did so without so much as sending me a message or an email is very bad form on your part .
0.1442734
you should be advised that i have left my comments in the kainthescionelkabong rfar you should also be advised that i have yet to be convinced that these two are actually ockpuppets i further object to being named in this rfar at all as it is an obvious indication to me that the whole thing has been enacted in bad faith by a group of editors pushing a political agenda that you did so without so much as sending me a message or an email is very bad form on your part 
0.10186036
sockpuppets

: yeah , i totally agree with the final episode information being remmoved , merged into episode article or merged into plots . it doesn't make any sense to have a sub-section on its own . i actually proposed this weeks ago , but got no feedback on it , hence merging finale and plots .
0.009213692
yeah i totally agree with the final episode information being emmoved merged into episode article or merged into plots it doesnt make any sense to have a subsection on its own i actually proposed this weeks ago but got no feedback on it hence merging finale and plots 
0.008931984
remmoved

:: simplification complete . let me know your thoughts . in order to get this article towards a featured status , we will need to provide references . do you know how to do this ? i've done a little research and will start the referencing process .
0.014813092
simplification complete let me know your thoughts in order to get this article towards a featured status we will need to provide references do you know how to do this ive done a littl research and will start the referencing process 
0.011487653
little

= = 84.160.224.182 = = i reverted additions by 84.160.224.182 for chronological and pov reasons . 84.160.224.182 mentioned the split between bordiga and damen in the 1950's paragraph , but it is previously descussed in the italy and the 1920's section . which is correct ? also the pov introduced by the way stalinism invented leninism is too complicated to shoehorn in here .
0.021616487
84160224182 i reverted additions by 84160224182 for chronological and pov reasons 84160224182 mentioned the split between bordiga and damen in the 1950s paragraph but it is previously descussed in the italy and the 1920s section which is correct also the pov introduced by the way stalinism invented leninism is too complicated to soehorn in here 
0.004706179
shoehorn

, because call an article jesus is like calling an article john thia article is about a specific jesus . it should be titled jesus christ
0.1755311
because call an article jesus is like calling an article john thia article is about a specific jesus it shuld be titled jesus christ 
0.15863775
should

= = statistics = = i did some research and i found a statistic that might interest you . edits = 32 : article space = 1 ( ~ 3%) : user space = 12 : image space = 10 : wikipedia space = 9 thought you might be interested . you obviously have some statistical expertise , please put it to good use . ( as an aside , it's unfair to compare ips to users since they can be composites of many people and they obviously wouldn't contribute to the wiki space since they don't have a set name to contribute under ) also , i'd be interested to know how you are getting these numbers . i assume you have a bot of some kind ( if not i feel bad that you are manually going through all of those archives ) . [ i'm not a memeber of the cabal no matter what says )]
0.07052347
statistics i did some research and i found a statistic that might interest you edits 32 article space 1 3 user space 12 image space 10 wikipedia space 9 thought you might be interested you obviously have some statistical expertise please put it to good use as an aside its unfair to compare ips to users since they can be composites of many people and they obviously wouldnt contribute to the wiki space since they dont have a set name to contribute under also id be interested to know how you are getting these numbers i assume you have a bot of some kind if not i feel bad that you are manually going through all of those archives im not a memeber of the cbal no matter what says 
0.06578312
cabal

= = iglesia ni cristo page = = hello , as a wikipedia arbitrator , i would like your input on the iglesia ni cristo page , which is currently caught in a revert war from members who claim this article is biased and other wikipedians who claim the article is in adherence to the religion and npov standards .
0.05369258
iglesia ni cristo page hello as a wikipedia arbitrator i would like your input on the iglesia ni cristo page which s currently caught in a revert war from members who claim this article si biased and other wikipedians who claim the article s in adherence to the religion and npov standards 
0.050152168
is

::: i understand your intentions and agree with many of your points . however , i don't believe that this is an article that should place technical accuracy above comprehension . i do think that many people will be puzzled by seeing mibs and kibs , even with the wikilinks . the average reader of this article is a gamer , not a computer scientist . this article is different from the hard drive article , because that articles discusses the topic of marketing capacity vs . true capacity . i wouldn't be opposed to including both measurements ( like the hard drive article ) , but only including iec prefixes doesn't seem to be the best course of action . |
0.015491207
i understand your intentions and agree with many of your points however i dont believe that this is an article that should place technical accuracy above comrehension i do think that many people will be puzzled by seeing mibs and kibs even with the wikilinks the average reader of this article is a gamer not a computer scientist this article is different from the hard drive article because that articles discusses the topic of marketing capacity vs true capacity i wouldnt be opposed to including both measurements like the hard drive article but only including iec prefixes doesnt seem to be the best course of action 
0.011060559
comprehension

