perhaps this will clarify what our anonymous critic said ... have a nice day !
0.02360818
perhaps this will clarify what our anonymous critic said hae a nice day 
0.01825841
have

= = this article is useless without pics = =
0.39805448
this article is usless without pics 
0.13479075
useless

using bank robber instead of criminal is fine with me . i just wanted to made sure that the information is in there in one form or another , as it's an important part of the man's life . -
0.13778412
using bank robber instead of crimial is fine with me i just wanted to made sure that the information is in there in one form or another as its an important part of the mans life 
0.08759283
criminal

= = jubnip = = thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.015539884
jubnip thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to lear more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.01239103
learn

::: in the ( english translation ) of the novel , solaris is described as covered completely by an ocean , but parts of the surface are constantly changing as the planet appears to experiment with creating objects from the memories of the humans on the space station , such as landforms , structures , and of course , the resurrected humans . so it's not a water ocean , it's a sentient thing . imho , the novel is better than either film , but thematically , soderbergh is closer to the novel than tarkovsky , who really had no interest or apparent understanding of what lem's book was about . that doesn't mean tarkovsky's film isn't a great piece of cinema ( i think it is ); it just isn't really representative of the novel .
0.007931069
in the english translation of the novel solaris is described as covered completely by an ocean but parts of the surface are constantly changing as the planet appears to experiment with creating objects from the memories of the humans on the space station such as landforms structures and of course the resurrected humans so its not a water ocean its a sntient thing imho the novel is better than either film but thematically soderbergh is closer to the novel than tarkovsky who really had no interest or apparent understanding of what lems book was about that doesnt mean tarkovskys film isnt a great piece of cinema i think it is it just isnt really representative of the novel 
0.0059738536
sentient

= = national security = = there should not be a wikipedia article about me . remove it before i take matters into my own hands . a.k.a. george w . bush , president of the us
0.12452468
national security there should not be a wikipedia article about me remove it before i take matters into my wn hands aka george w bush president of the us 
0.10369632
own

united states white house
0.1068519
united states hite house 
0.04922668
white

his edits do suck , which is why i reverted them over and over again . not one edit contributed positively to the article , and most served the needs of the crusaders . in any case , i've pointed out that my comment about him sucking was reverted by me immediately . it is my practice to write honestly , then go back and edit myself before submitting . in this , i missed one spot and had to edit it after submitting , as i mentioned in my edit comment . since nobody saw the original unless they dug through the history and since nobody ever needed to warn me about it , your excuses are nonsense . you just wanted to silence me so i couldn't defend myself from the ideologically-motivated 3rr violation report . even before you got a badge , you have made it a practice to litter my user page with spurious warnings , which has earned you the honor of being the only person whose text i erase on sight from my talk page . you are a stalker . since you are the guilty party , your response here is not sufficient . i would like an objective third party to respond regarding this abusive block by you .
0.5395486
his edits do suc which is why i reverted them over and over again not one edit contributed positively to the article and most served the needs of the crusaders in any case ive pointed out that my comment about him sucking was reverted by me immediately it is my practice to write honestly then go back and edit myself before submitting in this i missed one spot and had to edit it after submitting as i mentioned in my edit comment since nobody saw the original unless they dug through the history and since nobody ever needed to warn me about it your excuses are nonsense you just wanted to silence me so i couldnt defend myself from the ideologicallymotivated 3rr violation report even before you got a badge you have made it a practice to litter my user page with spurious warnings which has earned you the honor of being the only person whose text i erase on sight from my talk page you are a stalker since you are the guilty party your response here is not sufficient i would like an objective third party to respond regarding this abusive block by you 
0.513359
suck

i agree - but then it was quite annoying to be informed that a known vandal to my user page ( you ) had asked for the page to be unprotected for no good reason - i wonder what you were planning ? i wonder whether you were the person misuing the account ?
0.12858744
i agree but then it was quite anoying to be informed that a known vandal to my user page you had asked for the page to be unprotected for no good reason i wonder what you were planning i wonder whether you were the person misuing the account 
0.10641325
annoying

' significant numbers ' being about 5% . if you're interested in anything other than disruption you'll drop this .
0.10962553
significant numbers being about 5 if youre interested in anything other than disruptin youll drop this 
0.089695014
disruption

= = dickens center = = no problem . that makes sense , but i would like it to link directly from the article : ncaa division i independents ( college basketball ) is that possible ? thanks . rossp
0.044571225
dickens center no problem that makes sense but i would like it to link directly from the article ncaa division i independent college basketball is that possible thanks rossp 
0.038376275
independents

strange that . it seemed like you were perfectly willing to engage in debate about what the evidence showed about the crash site until i started asking you simple physical questions like ' if the wings sheared off , how did they get in the building ? ' , ' why would the wings shear off when they would have applied far more force than the stress bearing capacity of a concrete wall ? ' , ' why weren't there any burn marks on the lawn ? ' , and ( for fuck sake ) ' small hole , big plane , how does that work in a physical sense ? ( with more sophisticated details than ' they were blown to hell and back ' )' . i asked these questions because the answers to them are vital for impartial users of the site to make an informed decision . i added photographs and measurements ( and only these things , without conspiracy fairy stories ) to help people do this . instead of constructively discussing what aspects of the measurements were right and wrong and why , or helping me find the copyright details of the photographs ( which i believe editors of wikipedia are supposed to do ) , you just delete my edit without any justification other than ' its conspiratorial , therefore false ' . i know you're not ' agents of the us government ' or some crap . you're just ignornant of physics , or deliberately being narrow-minded because the ( fucking obvious ) truth makes you uncomfortable . a lie told a thousand times becomes the truth . so congratulations . thanks to your efforts , the lie that a 757 hit the pentagon on 11/09/01 is well on the way to becoming true . you stupid , stupid bastards .
0.7712985
strange that it seemed like you were perfectly willing to engage in debate about what the evidence showed about the crash site until i started asking you simple physical questions like if the wings sheared off how did they get in the building why would the wings shear off when they would have applied far more force than the stress bearing capacity of a concrete wall why werent there any burn marks on the lawn and for fuck sake small hole big plane how does that work in a physical sense with more sophisticated details than they were blown to hell and back i asked these questions because the answers to them are vital for impartial users of the site to make an informed decision i added photographs and measurements and only these things without conspiracy fairy stories to help people do this instead of constructively discussing what aspects of the measurements were right and wrong and why or helping me find the copyright details of the photographs which i believe editors of wikipedia are supposed to do you just delete my edit without any justification other than its conspiratorial therefore false i know youre not agents of the us government or some crap youre just ignornant of physics or deliberately being narrowminded because the fucking obvious truth makes you uncomfortable a lie told a thousand times becomes the truth so congratulations thanks to your efforts the lie that a 757 hit the pentagon on 110901 is well on the way to becoming true you stupdi stuid bastards 
0.7278758
stupid

okay , that is a perfectly fine revert . something wrong with the watchlist diff function , apparently . i didn't see that last added comment in it at all . very curious . although not ideally phrased , the definition of hinttari is essentially correct , though hardly npov .
0.022711888
okay that is a perfectly fine revert something wong with the watchlist diff function apparently i didnt see that last added comment in it at all very curious although not ideally phrased the definition of hinttari is essentially correct though hardly npov 
0.013702542
wrong

= = hello = = hi i'm a new wikipedian from natick ... just popped in to say hello to a neighbor : * hi i am marc : i was recently married to my lovely wife ; we have lived together for several years already ... * we love cats ( 3 currently own us ) ... jeffy(15 ) , echo(6 ) & gizmo(3 ) . all sleep with us in the big bed and no room to move an inch . * i was disabled in a 1993 ( coma)/ and am very slowly recovering . it's tough going out sometimes , though with friends i still do . i have a few supportive friends . * i am an unenrolled voter . democrat/ republicans , i don't care , whoever serves makes my life better in the long run i vote for ! * avid reader . has collection of many hundreds of rare books . especially science fiction and fantasy . * avid music collector ( 2,500 albums ) ... mostly bootlegs ... mostly rare bootlegs ... stones , kinks , clapton , beatles . and solos ! - i am what i am i'm strongly opinionated about disabled peoples ' rights and jobs for american citizens who have trouble finding minimum wage jobs in my state today and support universal health care , i would be dead if i did not have it . i am an idiot about internet social skills . i hope that the immigration reform bill will protect disabled citizens who wish to work like myself first before considering allowing new people to come here . i was searching for an internet forum to be my outlet to express my needs , but found that wikipedia is not best suited for that . i'm brushing up on wikipedia's rules of conduct , and slowly starting to begin contributing again . current book and cd ''' i own hundreds of rare books * current book jack whyte : uther * current cd faves '' : ** warren zevon ... life'll kill ya ** howlin ' wolf : greatest hits * latest flick : charles ii : the last king -
0.38505012
hello hi im a new wikipedian from natick just popped in to say hello to a neighbor hi i am marc i was recently married to my lovely wife we have lived together for several years already we love cats 3 currently own us jeffy15 echo6 gizmo3 all sleep with us in the big bed and no room to move an inch i was disabled in a 1993 coma and am very slowly recovering its tough going out sometimes though with friends i still do i have a few supportive friends i am an unenrolled voter democrat republicans i dont care whoever serves makes my life better in the long run i vote for avid reader has collection of many hundreds of rare books especially science fiction and fantasy avid music collector 2500 albums mostly bootlegs mostly rare bootlegs stones kinks clapton beatles and solos i am what i am im strongly opinionated about disabled peoples rights and jobs for american citizens who have trouble finding minimum wage jobs in my state today and support universal health care i would be dead if i did not have it i am an idot about internet social skills i hope that the immigration reform bill will protect disabled citizens who wish to work like myself first before considering allowing new people to come here i was searching for an internet forum to be my outlet to express my needs but found that wikipedia is not best suited for that im brushing up on wikipedias rules of conduct and slowly starting to begin contributing again current book and cd i own hundreds of rare books current book jack whyte uther current cd faves warren zevon lifell kill ya howlin wolf greatest hits latest flick charles ii the last king 
0.13945289
idiot

real funny words there etaonsh . only confirms what i have already said about you !
0.092621535
real funy words there etaonsh only confirms what i have already said about you 
0.060659457
funny

. catherine varfaillie of the university of minnesota was able isolate the potentially ploripotent mpac from bone marrow populations . still there are other powerful stem cells found in bmsc populations , including mesenchymal . there was a claim of a lübeck stem cell also being ploripotent and formed organoids but that was not peer reviewed , and such claims have disapeared . oligofactory cells are believed to be ploripotent , and are located around the nose and brain . the university of pittsburg also found the amniotic epithelial are also ploripotent which can be obtained from the placenta
0.06866271
catherine varfaillie of the university of minnesota was able isolate the potentially ploripotent mpac from bone marrow populations still there are other powerful stem cells found in bmsc populations including mesenchymal there was a claim of a lübeck stem cell also being ploripotent and formed organoids but that was not peer reviewed and such claims have disapeared oligofactory cells are believed to be ploripotent and are located around the nos and brain the university of pittsburg also found the amniotic epithelial are also ploripotent which can be obtained from the placenta 
0.047878582
nose

if the gay community bans or criticizes a gay organization for political purposes , that does not make the discriminated against organization less gay . nambla was formed by gays , for the purpose of gay liberation , to fight mistreatment of gays . all its original founders and celebrity supporters were gay icons . until the right wing decided to use nambla to target the gay community , and gays decided that gay rights wouldn't happen with nambla attached to their movement , nambla marched in gay pride parades , and belonged to many gay unbrella organizations . gays do not get to cherry pick those parts of gay history which they think will pacify their critics , and retroactively declare some of their former activities non-gay . that would be like the naacp declaring jesse jackson's rainbow coalition to not be a part of the negro community . ::::
0.19631797
if the gay community bans or criticizes a gay organization for political purposes that does not make the discriminated against organization less gay nambla was formed by ggays for the purpose of gay liberation to fight mistreatment of gasy all its original founders and celebrity supporters were gay icons until the right wing decided to use nambla to target the gay community and g a y s decided that gay rights wouldnt happen with nambla attached to their movement nambla marched in gay pride parades and belonged to many gay unbrella organizations gay do not get to cherry pick those parts of gay history which they think will pacify their critics and retroactively declare some of their former activities nongay that would be like the naacp declaring jesse jacksons rainbow coalition to not be a part of the negro community 
0.12651117
gays

i'm sure she will be training to get better , but from the tag team matches she was in weekly , you could see that she was developing a repetoire of moves . from her royal rumble match with mickie james , you could see that she has come leaps and bounds from her first matches with victoria and torrie ! give it a few months and she'll be the new wwe women's champion !
0.022142421
im sure she will be training to get better but from the tag team matches she was in weekly you could see that she was developing a repetoire of moves from her royal rumble match with mickie james you could see that she hs come leaps and bounds from her first matches with victoria and torrie give it a few months and shell be the new wwe womens champion 
0.012652434
has

= = george w . bush 2nd(second nomination ) = = come out and vote , nothing but one big long leftist diatribe , should be removed and covered from scratch in a more npov style , wikipedia : articles for deletion/george w . bush 2nd(second nomination ) , your vote may just give us the fresh start needed to root the deep seeded liberal pov from this article by allowing us to start over from scratch , thanks for your vote !
0.22657648
george w bush 2ndsecond nomination come out and vote nothing but one big long leftist diaribe should be removed and covered from scratch in a more npov style wikipedia articles for deletiongeorge w bush 2ndsecond nomination your vote may just give us the fresh start needed to root the deep seeded liberal pov from this article by allowing us to start over from scratch thanks for your vote 
0.14596252
diatribe

:: i won't remove the sock-puppet , but just let me edit the page one more time . and may i ask why the hell i'd continue contributing positively if i cant even reference to my own work ? and i hope you have taken heed of my final coment
0.2996892
i wont remove the sockpuppet but just let me edit the page one more time and may i ask why the hll id continue contributing positively if i cant even reference to my own work and i hope you have taken heed of my final coment 
0.12468227
hell

please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , as you did to esher report , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia .
0.1429041
please stop if you continue to vanalize pages as you did to esher report you will be blocked from editing wikipedia 
0.13122283
vandalize

= = external links / queer_anna = = anyone who has any concerns with the external link pointing to queer_anna , please voice your concerns here . do not resort to blind deletion . it is a serious online forum/discussion_group/support_group for lgbt people associated with anna university .
0.0450479
external links queeranna anyone who has any concerns with the external link pointing to queeranna please voice your concerns here do not resort to lind deletion it is a serious online forumdiscussiongroupsupportgroup for lgbt people associated with anna university 
0.03624296
blind

