:::: you are so full of shit . legitimate labeling ? first of all , you aren't an admin , and for the sake of this site i hope you never will be . i know i will personally work against you if you ever decide to try for one . but i digress as you are not an administrator , and especially since you have no access to checkuser , you cannot determine who is or is not a sockpuppet nor do you have the authorization to place a tag on a userpage . as for being clear to other admins , you have been told that by placing the sockpuppet accounts on user pages , it can very little but to stir up trouble , agitating the individual you placed it on . all of this could be avoided if you would just start getting along with others , which you cannot seem to do . my apologies if that is construed as a personal attack , but it is also the truth .
0.46617156
you are so full of shi legitimate labeling first of all you arent an admin and for the sake of this site i hope you never will be i know i will personally work against you if you ever decide to try for one but i digress as you are not an administrator and especially since you have no access to checkuser you cannot determine who is or is not a sockpuppet nor do you have the authorization to place a tag on a userpage as for being clear to other admins you have been told that by placing the sockpuppet accounts on user pages it can very little but to stir up trouble agitating the individual you placed it on all of this could be avoided if you would just start getting along with others which you cannot seem to do my apologies if that is construed as a personal attack but it is also the truth 
0.20602036
shit

= = those french admins = = i got nearly fourty pages with shitgirl before i was caught . you should really get them to pay better attention .
0.17986669
those french admins i got nearly fourty pages with shitgirl before i was caught you should really get them to ay better attention 
0.12435441
pay

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are some pages that you might find helpful : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . again , welcome !
0.008013146
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here ae some pages that you might find helpful the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions again welcome 
0.0054433006
are

::::: haha . i would have no references . are too lazy to read ? you are a troll .
0.66718537
haha i would have no references are too azy to read you are a troll 
0.6271557
lazy

= = re : jafaican = = clearly you have personal issues with my political standpoint , stemming from your extreme leftwing location on the political map . i advise you that i do not tolerate extremeism , nor do i much care for abusive left wing threats . keep yourself to yourself and stay away form me , please . : * 1 , i am not racist . : * 2 , there is a link to my talk page on every page on which i make discussion contributions . : * 3 , be advised i will not tolerate agression , even in the left wing variety .
0.31385058
re jafaican clearly you have personal issues with my political standpoint stemming from your extreme leftwing location on the political map i advise you that i do not tolerate extremeism nor do i much care for abusive left wing threats keep yourself to yourself and stay away form me please 1 i am not acist 2 there is a link to my talk page on every page on which i make discussion contributions 3 be advised i will not tolerate agression even in the left wing variety 
0.23553507
racist

i count four ( 4 ) rabid members of the furluminati , intent on crushing all opposing points of view , assuming that 1 or more are not simply sockpuppets .
0.32782236
i count four 4 rabi members of the furluminati intent on crushing all opposing points of view assuming that 1 or more are not simply sockpuppets 
0.22051364
rabid

please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to september 7 . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.09236299
please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia as you did to september 7 it is considered vndalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.091318235
vandalism

:: then that's the problem , what if i don't want an ugly lie stinking up my talk page and ruining my reputation ?
0.77396065
then thats the problem what if i dont want an gly lie stinking up my talk page and ruining my reputation 
0.68059367
ugly

please , if you want to get a message to me , the fastest way is my talk page , . deleting content from my user page ( the one describing me ) may be considered vandalism . you can create a user page for your account as well , at , if you like . please also note that no one owns a page on wikipedia , see wp : own . you also should refrain from repeatedly reverting edits ; you may be blocked from editing for doing so ( see wp : 3rr ) . thanks .
0.050984014
please if you want to get a message to me the fastest way is my talk page deleting content from my user page the one describing me may be considered vandlism you can create a user page for your account as well at if you like please also note that no one owns a page on wikipedia see wp own you also should refrain from repeatedly reverting edits you may be blocked from editing for doing so see wp 3rr thanks 
0.03218446
vandalism

p.s. that said , it is clear zereshk's comment was incivil .
0.13468944
ps that said it is clear zereshks comment was ncivil 
0.11042058
incivil

read the above numbskull , would one of you vegetables please get a move on and block this i.p. i ain't leaving until this address is blocked so hop to it please assholes .. +
0.80924815
read the above numbskull would one of you vegetables please get a move on and block this ip i aint leaving until this address is blocked so hop to it please ssholes 
0.5316676
assholes

