in the escoffier cook book , escoffier says , ... that it should be borne in mind that an omelet is really scrambled eggs enclosed in a coating of coagulated egg . i assume that this was written before the julia child quote and therefore might be better attributed to him .
0.14593798
in the escoffier cook book escoffier says that it should be borne in mind that an omelet is really scrambled eggs enclosed in a coating of coagulated eg i assume that this was written before the julia child quote and therefore might be better attributed to him 
0.10006697
egg

can i do anything against admins that are literally vandalising articles i edit ? is there some place to complain about admins ( to other ones or to someone on a higher level ?
0.13129285
can i do anything against admins that are literally vanalising articles i edit is there some place to complain about admins to other ones or to someone on a higher level 
0.078526676
vandalising

knowledge base makes no sense at all wat is a knowledge base ... is the base for the collection of knowledge . supposed to mean it dosen't make any sense someone needs to fix it !
0.091192394
knowledge base makes no sesne at all wat is a knowledge base is the base for the collection of knowledge supposed to mean it dosent make any snse someone needs to fix it 
0.07059101
sense

= = wikipedia for online losers = = i am being accused of vandalizing afghanistan's article .... because the accusers are all jealous of me hahahahahahahaha . accuses me of vandalizing afghanistan's article but in fact he or she is the one vandalizing the article . it wrote under the name section on afghanistan's article that afghanistan's first constitution was in 1964 and wants the world to believe this lie . here is 1923 constitution of afghanistan > link you know what ?... since now i am convinced wikipedia is all false information written by people who enjoys spreading false information to the world .... i give up on editing afghanistan's article . afghanistan is ruled by the majority pashtuns and the whole world is fully aware of this ... so it doesn't matter what you write in the wikipedia on afghanistan . wikipedia has nothing but low life losers who don't have nothing else in life but write false information ... hahahahahahahaha . shame on you all for writing false information . lies like an old persian rug ... nobody even bothers looking at it . is a racist shia ... i can easily tell by his actions ... and so can everyone else . it refuses to acknowledge that sunni population is about 90% while shia is less than 10% . i came to make the article more proffesional and more easy to understand for people with reliable sources .... but i am being prevented ... so i just give up ... it's not even worth doing it . i am now beginning to feel really ashamed of being someone from afghanistan ... because of people like user : tajik . so go ahead write all the bull you can write about afghanistan ... i give up on it ... besides ... not many people take wikipedia serious and there is nothing interesting to write about afghanistan . the fact remains that we pashtuns rule the country with the help of pakistan , which is equipped with 100s of nuclear bombs and very supportive of pashtuns ... hahahahahahaha 09:32 , 31 october 2006
0.29641142
wikipedia for online losersu i am being accused of vandalizing afghanistans article because the accusers are all jealous of me hahahahahahahaha accuses me of vandalizing afghanistans article but in fact he or she is the one vandalizing the article it wrote under the name section on afghanistans article that afghanistans first constitution was in 1964 and wants the world to believe this lie here is 1923 constitution of afghanistan link you know what since now i am convinced wikipedia is all false information written by people who enjoys spreading false information to the world i give up on editing afghanistans article afghanistan is ruled by the majority pashtuns and the whole world is fully aware of this so it doesnt matter what you write in the wikipedia on afghanistan wikipedia has nothing but low life osers who dont have nothing else in life but write false information hahahahahahahaha shame on you all for writing false information lies like an old persian rug nobody even bothers looking at it is a racist shia i can easily tell by his actions and so can everyone else it refuses to acknowledge that sunni population is about 90 while shia is less than 10 i came to make the article more proffesional and more easy to understand for people with reliable sources but i am being prevented so i just give up its not even worth doing it i am now beginning to feel really ashamed of being someone from afghanistan because of people like user tajik so go ahead write all the bull you can write about afghanistan i give up on it besides not many people take wikipedia serious and there is nothing interesting to write about afghanistan the fact remains that we pashtuns rule the country with the help of pakistan which is equipped with 100s of nuclear bombs and very supportive of pashtuns hahahahahahaha 0932 31 october 2006 
0.15940739
losers

this is 2 eazy image : lep1front . jpg
0.0130576575
this s 2 eazy image lep1front jpg 
0.010940501
is

= = fuck you all , losers = = fuck off my page , fags
0.9841272
fuco you all losers fuk off my page fags 
0.97288257
fuck

: thanks for about . sorry i took a few days to reply , things are incredibly busy for me right now ! i'll try to answer : * is the bot to just make the list of articles above a certain quality and importance , and mark out any problems ( making a table , for example ? ) : yes , as far as i can say at this point in time . * also , will it run off a category to check , or another sort of list : if you mean run off in the sense of use as a source , then it will use the talk page categories just like mathbot . if you mean run off in the sense of produce , it will produce the worlist , log , alphabetical list and statistics ( also like mathbot ) . does this clarify things ? you should probably take a look at how mathbot does its thing , and any seriously technical questions - he may be able to give you some of his code . ( those who have looked at mathbot's code have commented that it is very nicely done ) once again , many thanks for taking an interest in this ; if this can work out it will transform our productivity in the next year from the 1-5000 range into the 10- 50,000 article range ! cheers ,
0.016380176
thanks for about sorry i took a few days to reply things are incredibly busy for me right now ill try to answer is the bot to just make the list of articles above a certain quality and importance and mark out any problems making a table for example yes as far as i can say at this point in time also will it run off a category to check or another sort of list if you mean run off in the snese of use as a source then it will use the talk page categories just like mathbot if you mean run off in the ense of produce it will produce the worlist log alphabetical list and statistics also like mathbot does this clarify things you should probably take a look at how mathbot does its thing and any seriously technical questions he may be able to give you some of his code those who have looked at mathbots code have commented that it is very nicely done once again many thanks for taking an interest in this if this can work out it will transform our productivity in the next year from the 15000 range into the 10 50000 article range cheers 
0.013994944
sense

: i was wrong . sorry . will be more careful in future .
0.033838082
i was wron sorry will be more careful in future 
0.02376223
wrong

cross country our cross country team was almost undefeated this year . the boys varsity team lost only to sherwood . while the varsity girls lost to hilhi , sherwood and wilsonville . a way better season than last year . i was proud to be on the varsity girls team . anyone interested in running should join cross country !
0.052314904
cross country our cross country team was almost undefeated this year the boys varsity team lpst only to sherwood while the varsity girls los to hilhi sherwood and wilsonville a way better season than last year i was proud to be on the varsity girls team anyone interested in running should join cross country 
0.019227333
lost

you will get tired of vandalizing the article on long before i will get tired of posting these warnings on your page . you will eventually get blocked if you continue to vandalize on wikipedia . in the mean time , as long as you continue your vandalism , i will continue to post these annoying messages on your page .
0.35812554
you will get tired of vandalizing the article on long before i will get tired of posting these warnings on your page you will eventually get blocked if you continue to vandalize on wikipedia in the mean time as long as you continue your vandalism i will continue to post these annoyng messages on your page 
0.30791968
annoying

: i appreciate the time you put into this comment and all the pages you posted this on , but the fact still remains , an article must conform to the guidelines set forth here at wikipedia or they get deleted . i know this all too well as i have had an article deleted for the same reason . if you have some facts and sources you can add to the article to make it comply with the guidelines , then by all means do so . otherwise , the process of afd will continue despite the efforts exerted to intimidate people .
0.032728285
i appreciate the time you put into this comment and all the pages you posted this on but the fact still remains an article must conform to the guidelines set forth here at wikipedia or they get deleted i know this all too well as i have had an article deleted for the same reason if you have some facts and sources you can add to the article to make it comply with the guidelines then by all means do so otherwise the process of afd will continue despite the efforts exerted to inimidate people 
0.025247794
intimidate

. from kerry's gi joe outfit testimony before congress in 1971 to dennis kucinich , to howard dean to a san francisco ( where nancy pelosi is from ) supervisor saying we should shut down our military , the antipathy is indelible
0.097619966
from kerrys gi joe outfit testimony before congress in 1971 to dennis kucinich to howard dean to a san francisco where nancy pelosi is from supervisor saying we should sut down our military the antipathy is indelible 
0.056232147
shut

here is a citation regarding a medical doctor writing a book on medical astrology : . kv is not just tilting at windmills here , kv actually has a point .
0.010905217
here is a citation regarding a medical doctor writing a book on medical astrology kv is not just tilting at windmills here kv actually hs a point 
0.0106587345
has

= = more comment in regards to pg games = = hi . continue trying to add pg games . i believe thre is enough support for the site . you just need more links and so on .
0.021202482
more comment in regards to pg games hi continue trying to add pg games i believe thre s enough support for the site you just need more links and so on 
0.018843547
is

= = are we finished yet = = if we were doing this the proper way : first stepwill take a few days , as it isnt on lineis to read the article mentioned and see what it actually says , because to some of us it seems a very strange assertion second stepwill take a good deal longer to see if anyone has specifically contradicted him or criticized him . and could someone say exactly how both the impressed letters and the stylus touchups could have been reproduced in the relevant period ? this is really or ; i'm going to at least read the article , since i'm curious . can someone please tell me what a printing press would be if it were not a machine ? the general article is printing . #the printing press article talks about printing presses . #block printing talks about block printing . #movable type has to go somewhere , it was voted not to have an art of its own before i got here , so it goes here unless someone has a better place that doesn't contradict the rfd . #and the phaistos disc article talks about the disc . as evertype says , there are lots of interesting but unlikely theories about it there . : would someone please like to write something more where we need it , instead of this . start here , we need material on the 17th 18th and 19th centuryit doesnt take deep scholarship , just enough to summarize . there are plenty of easily available sources . : this isnt the page to argue about east asian printing presses . : gpm , i know it isnt required , but some of us have posted some information about ourselves on our user pages .
0.024652371
are we finished yet if we were doing this the proper way first stepwill take a few days as it isnt on lineis to read the article mentioned and see what it actually says because to some of us it seems a very strange assertion second stepwill take a good deal longer to see if anyone has specifically contradicted him or criticized him and could someone say exactly how both the impressed letters and the stylus touchups could have been reproduced in the relevant period this is really or im going to at least read the article since im curious can someone please tell me what a printing press would be if it were not a machine the general article is printing the printing press article talks about printing presses block printing talks about block printing movable type has to go somewhere it was voted not to have an art of its own before i got here so it goes here unless someone has a better place that doesnt contradict the rfd and the phaistos disc article talks about the disc as evertype says there are los of interesting but unlikely theories about it there would someone please like to write something more where we need it instead of this start here we need material on the 17th 18th and 19th centuryit doesnt take deep scholarship just enough to summarize there are plenty of easily available sources this isnt the page to argue about east asian printing presses gpm i know it isnt required but some of us have posted some information about ourselves on our user pages 
0.01740335
lots

bergamottin , the compound that may cause drug toxicity with grapefruits ?
0.091595076
bergamottin the compound that may cause drg toxicity with grapefruits 
0.07332125
drug

what people consider vandalism is entirely subjective .
0.055390626
what people consider vandalsm is entirely subjective 
0.02778856
vandalism

new quote & pic
0.02280286
ne quote pic 
0.013194239
new

ahm , type in ' indigenous ' then ac . the roth stuff should be available via mu for starters but its an anth paper so if not there , it may be at a uni that has an anth/arch faculty . there is a recent study of roth stuff too by iain davidson . my papers etc come from indigneous studies units from several different unis so not sure they would be in published journals as such though some would be though i have numerous ( maybe 300 arch papers on indigenosu oz ) . approach the humanities faculty at mu maybe or the head prof at any uni that offers indigneous studies quals and ask can wik have some content so that what goes up isnt total nonsense . not all goes on the databases but gets included in different ' indigenous studies readings ' that are course materials . you could try ' archaeology in oceania ' via jstor i think , or delve through cambridge uni journals available via oz databases , etc or if you have access to mu , u then have acess to their library so they should maybe have some decent texts . try using them . on the mu catalogue , try using the archaeology/anthropology database search . does mu do arch/anth ? try oz history too and you may find a journal saying indigneous people are an urban myth .
0.051780507
ahm type in indigenous then ac the roth stuff should be available via mu for starters but its an anth paper so if not there it may be at a uni that has an antharch faculty there is a recent study of roth stuff too by iain davidson my papers etc come from indigneous studies units from several different unis so not sure they would be in published journals as such though some would be though i have numerous maybe 300 arch papers on indigenosu oz approach the humanities faculty at mu maybe or the head prof at any uni that offers indigneous studies quals and ask can wik have some content so that what goes up isnt total nonsens not all goes on the databases but gets included in different indigenous studies readings that are course materials you could try archaeology in oceania via jstor i think or delve through cambridge uni journals available via oz databases etc or if you have access to mu u then have acess to their library so they should maybe have some decent texts try using them on the mu catalogue try using the archaeologyanthropology database search does mu do archanth try oz history too and you may find a journal saying indigneous people are an urban myth 
0.022497354
nonsense

i see you have now meet mr. goethean . i tried very hard , myself to bring npov to the roskam article and found that i was basically , gang banged by editors as well as a admin , friendly to the two editors , who where engaged in edit revert wars and wikilawyering . i found that over the course of 6 weeks , almost ever one of my edits were reverted and was blocked and banned , because i dared to question them and found the arrogances , and condescension to be frustrating to a point of rage . now i wish you good luck with the hard working goetheaning and his wp : own ship crew . my war is not out of here and working with my freind pete . i happen to know him personally he know this places very well good luck joehazelton ... ps ... i did tryied by now i hate wikipedia and wish it ill , due to my expericance here ... i will work hard , now to take it down . the sets me apart for the slick and educated , because , on the south side of chicago , were i grew up , be are simple and more honest . joehazelton .
0.18566287
i see you have now meet mr goethean i tried very hard myself to bring npov to the roskam article and found that i was basically gang banged by editors as well as a admin friendly to the two editors who where engaged in edit revert wars and wikilawyering i found that over the course of 6 weeks almost ever one of my edits were reverted and was blocked and banned because i dared to question them and found the arrogances and condescension to be frustrating to a point of rage now i wish you good luck with the hard working goetheaning and his wp own ship crew my war is not out of here and working with my freind pete i happen to know him personally he know this places very well good luck joehazelton ps i did tryied by now i hat wikipedia and wish it ill due to my expericance here i will work hard now to take it down the sets me apart for the slick and educated because on the south side of chicago were i grew up be are simple and more honest joehazelton 
0.13545023
hate

. in another life you know me very well you lunatics .
0.7595718
in another life you know me very well you unatics 
0.44163045
lunatics

= note to bertil videt = = bertil i started to think that there is something seriosly wrong with your ability to interpret the factual information . with this going in your virtual world , your master's degree will be a fake one .
0.29594564
note to bertil videt bertil i started to think that there is something seriosly wrong with your ability to interpret the factual information with this going in your virtual world your masters degree will be a fke one 
0.2423541
fake

= = my bad = = sorry about that i logged in at school and said remember me so yeah umm .... sorry ill change it belive me i do not vandilise so ill fix it ? -_-' so embrassing hope u understand
0.26807404
my ba sorry about that i logged in at school and said remember me so yeah umm sorry ill change it belive me i do not vandilise so ill fix it so embrassing hope u understand 
0.14345197
bad

pete , it is justified scholastically because mainstream scholars have never accused anthroposophy of being founded on rascist principles . mainstream encyclopedias never accuse steiner or anthroposophy of rascism . here's what wikipedia has to say about it : in other words , views held only by a tiny minority of people should not be represented as though they are significant minority views , and perhaps should not be represented at all . in particular , to elaborate on the last comment above , if you are able to prove something that nobody currently believes , wikipedia is not the place to premiere such a proof . once a proof has been presented and discussed elsewhere , however , it may be referenced . this is why i believe that the section on racism should not be a section . a mere couple of sentences is , in my opinion , too much , but i would be willing to compromise with that . because the presence of race as a section on steiner's page gives the article undue weight .
0.05668392
pete it is justified scholastically because mainstream scholars have never accused anthroposophy of being founded on rascist principles mainstream encyclopedias never accuse steiner or anthroposophy of rascism heres what wikipedia has to say about it in other words views held only by a tiny minority of people should not be represented as though they are significant minority views and perhaps should not be represented at all in particular to elaborate on the last comment above if you are able to prove something that nobody currently believes wikipedia is not the place to premiere such a proof once a proof has been presented and discussed elsewhere however it may be referenced this is why i believe that the section on racsm should not be a section a mere couple of sentences is in my opinion too much but i would be willing to compromise with that because the presence of race as a section on steiners page gives the article undue weight 
0.029537642
racism

