reply : i added another , different , quotation from the same article that helps firm up how russell felt on the subject . i believe this added material compliments rather than hinders the presentation ; it makes it more conclusive . : reply : i added another , different , quotation from the same article that helps firm up how russell felt on the subject . i believe this added material compliments rather than hinders the presentation ; it makes it more conclusive . : my statement that russell never suggested organized prohibition on using blood represents the conclusion of a modus tollens argument . however , rather than speculating about what russell did or did not suggest , my statement should have read that russell never organized a prohibition on using blood among his fellow worshippers . : modus tollens would have us accept that had russell , as president of the watchtower organization , organized a prohibition on using blood among his followers then we would have seen organized prohibition on using blood among his followers . since there is no record of such an organized prohibition among russell’s fellow worshippers then the modus tollens argument form has us conclude that russell never organized it . the underlying premises of this particular argument are 1 ) that russell applied his presidency and that 2 ) his fellow worshippers acted on his presidential initiatives . there is ample evidence that russell applied his presidency , and that his fellows acted on it . hence , it is not my opinion that russell never organized a prohibition on using blood among his fellow worshippers . rather , it is a logical end to a valid argument form based on evidenced premises . : for the time being i have removed the statement about russell and organized prohibition on blood under his presidency . if you dispute the validity of what i write above then please offer logical refutation , keeping in mind that logical constructions and conclusions are not at the mercy of preferential outcomes ( i.e. , private opinion ) . i make the latter comment only to demonstrate my commitment to logical conclusions is above my commitment to any personal opinions i may presently hold . if you fail to offer refutation within a reasonable time then i will return my comment to the history section , but in a more precise form .
0.03802498
reply i added another different quotation from the same article that helps firm up how russell felt on the subject i believe this added material compliments rather than hinders the presentation it makes it more conclusive reply i added another different quotation from the same article that helps firm up how russell felt on the subject i believe this added material compliments rather than hinders the presentation it makes it more conclusive my statement that russell never suggested organized prohibition on using blood represents the conclusion of a modus tollens argument however rather than speculating about what russell did or did not suggest my statement should have read that russell never organized a prohibition on using blood among his fellow owrshippers modus tollens would have us accept that had russell as president of the watchtower organization organized a prohibition on using blood among his followers then we would have seen organized prohibition on using blood among his followers since there is no record of such an organized prohibition among russell’s fellow w o r s h i p p e r s then the modus tollens argument form has us conclude that russell never organized it the underlying premises of this particular argument are 1 that russell applied his presidency and that 2 his fellow workshippers acted on his presidential initiatives there is ample evidence that russell applied his presidency and that his fellows acted on it hence it is not my opinion that russell never organized a prohibition on using blood among his fellow worshipprs rather it is a logical end to a valid argument form based on evidenced premises for the time being i have removed the statement about russell and organized prohibition on blood under his presidency if you dispute the validity of what i write above then please offer logical refutation keeping in mind that logical constructions and conclusions are not at the mercy of preferential outcomes ie private opinion i make the latter comment only to demonstrate my commitment to logical conclusions is above my commitment to any personal opinions i may presently hold if you fail to offer refutation within a reasonable time then i will return my comment to the history section but in a more precise form 
0.031105127
worshippers

:::: sounds good . and as mentioned , it's not urgent . sometimes in february or early march would be fine . is that a reasonable time frame for you ?
0.009777258
sounds good and as mentioned its not urgent sometimes in february or early march woul be fine is that a reasonable time frame for you 
0.009526372
would

= = taiwan = = whoever labeled taiwan a “ province of china ” needs to get over it . taiwan is its own country now . you might be offended by the fact they have more liberty than people on the mainland but your opinion does not change the fact that taiwan is no more a “ province of china ” than the philippine islands are a “ province of the usa ” or new zealand is a “ province of the uk . ” get over it , taiwan is an independent country and apparently most taiwanese want it that way . : taiwan , province of china is the iso name for taiwan/roc . this article is merely repeating what they say as they indirectly name the cctlds . your issue should be directed towards them not here . ( | |
0.04488758
taiwan whoever labeled taiwan a “ province of china ” needs to get over it taiwan is its own country now you might be offeded by the fact they have more liberty than people on the mainland but your opinion does not change the fact that taiwan is no more a “ province of china ” than the philippine islands are a “ province of the usa ” or new zealand is a “ province of the uk ” get over it taiwan is an independent country and apparently most taiwanese want it that way taiwan province of china is the iso name for taiwanroc this article is merely repeating what they say as they indirectly name the cctlds your issue should be directed towards them not here 
0.023204861
offended

= = wow = = thanks ! you are so amazing ! i am in awe of your skills and everything you have learnt in scientology ! you really are a hero , and i wish all of us could be a bit more like you ! continue this subconscious feeling of superiority to other people and eagarness to show off , it's great . you're abusive to everything that scientology is about . it's about learning things for your own and adapting them into your own and using it as a tool for yourself , not becoming what you learn and getting further away from yourself , so you come off quite ridiculous without even realizing it . oh yeah and all the lies about scientology on wikipedia don't even really matter , if someone is going to get into scientology , they're not going to be thrownoff by an encyclopedia that is known for being inaccurate because its written by anyone with a computer , and you take it so seriously like it's really going to affect things and this is some warzone we need to fight , it's not going to stop scientology so don't worry about it
0.3435681
wow thanks you are so amazing i am in awe of your skills and everything you have learnt in scientology you really are a hero and i wish all of us could be a bit more like you continue this subconscious feeling of superiority to other people and eagarness to show off its great youre abusive to everything that scientology is about its about learning things for your own and adapting them into your own and using it as a tool for yourself not becoming what you learn and getting further away from yourself so you come off quite ridiculou without even realizing it oh yeah and all the lies about scientology on wikipedia dont even really matter if someone is going to get into scientology theyre not going to be thrownoff by an encyclopedia that is known for being inaccurate because its written by anyone with a computer and you take it so seriously like its really going to affect things and this is some warzone we need to fight its not going to stop scientology so dont worry about it 
0.23214073
ridiculous

::: thank you arjun , but this afair is between me and sd31415 , please do not interfere unless you have sent me porn email yourself . this is in no way a joke . sd31415 , i have the email . i recieved it through wikipedia . as i have said , i am new to this site so i dont know how to explain how this happened . i do however know that i recieved an email from you approximatly 30 minutes ago with various pornagraphic material in it . as i have said this has been reported to several administrators and is being taken seriously .
0.18105687
thank you arjun but this afair is between me and sd31415 please do not interfere unless you have sent me por email yourself this is in no way a joke sd31415 i have the email i recieved it through wikipedia as i have said i am new to this site so i dont know how to explain how this happened i do however know that i recieved an email from you approximatly 30 minutes ago with various pornagraphic material in it as i have said this has been reported to several administrators and is being taken seriously 
0.11140547
porn

= = = attn : sarvagnya = = = :: reply hallo , , check your sanity first . i meant his medical condition to justify , his tireless commitment for the peace process . because of that only mr. erik solheim , international development minister of norway attended the funeral and commented on him in his funeral in london . even norwegian special envoy for the peace process in sri lanka jon hansen-bauer praised late anton balasingam for his invaluable contribution to the peace efforts , and said norway will miss a much valued friend . and further went to say anton balasingham was a theoretician . i had great pleasure discussing with him the key thinkers in europe and relate their philosophy and approach to the peace process in sri lanka . : what on world when they all people failed to see him as a terrorist , which made you all to see him ? : don't come out with your silly examples like diabetes or syphilis here . read the message from of chief physician dr. per fauchaldhis surgeon report on his death . i am not discussing here ltte , but only the anton balasingham . i am not debating here branding the ltte alone is proper or not as a terrorist organization compare to the atrocities committed to the sri lankan tamils by the sri lankan forces and indian peace keeping forces . even i don't understand what do you all mean by internationally banned , do you think in a universal referendum where the people around the world participated rather than few governments ( compare to the total un member countries ) ?
0.12814993
attn sarvagnya reply hallo check your sanity first i meant his medical condition to justify his tireless commitment for the peace process because of that only mr erik solheim international development minister of norway attended the funeral and commented on him in his funeral in london even norwegian special envoy for the peace process in sri lanka jon hansenbauer praised late anton balasingam for his invaluable contribution to the peace efforts and said norway will miss a much valued friend and further went to say anton balasingham was a theoretician i had great pleasure discussing with him the key thinkers in europe and relate their philosophy and approach to the peace process in sri lanka what on world when they all people failed to see him as a terrorist which made you all to see him dont come out with your slly examples like diabetes or syphilis here read the message from of chief physician dr per fauchaldhis surgeon report on his death i am not discussing here ltte but only the anton balasingham i am not debating here branding the ltte alone is proper or not as a terrorist organization compare to the atrocities committed to the sri lankan tamils by the sri lankan forces and indian peace keeping forces even i dont understand what do you all mean by internationally banned do you think in a universal referendum where the people around the world participated rather than few governments compare to the total un member countries 
0.06684142
silly

= = ivan alexander of bulgaria fac = = hi ! today i've nominated the article ivan alexander of bulgaria for a featured article , believing it meets all criteria . this is the article's third nomination ( see the previous ones ) , and because the previous ones received relatively little attention , i'd like to invite you to voice your opinion about it , be it as a vote or a comment , on the article's nomination page . thanks ! ) ''''
0.012300966
ivan alexander of bulgaria fac hi today ive nominated the article ivan alexander of bulgaria for a featured article believing it meets all criteria this i the articles third nomination see the previous ones and because the previous ones received relatively little attention id like to invite you to voice your opinion about it be it as a vote or a comment on the articles nomination page thanks 
0.009631305
is

= = story description = = i think that a lot of the stuff in the story description is open for interpritation . the game never fully states that there are ' three harmens and several other things are ... interprited by whoever wrote that section ? maybe this should be re-vamped to state what is entirely factual .
0.042588998
story description i think that a lot of the stuff in the story description is open for interpritation the game never fully states that there are three armens and several other things are interprited by whoever wrote that section maybe this should be revamped to state what is entirely factual 
0.022102805
harmens

you petty jackass . why do you wee nazi twerps think banning will save you from the truth ? your behaviour is fascist and betrays an underlying intellectual weakness . banning so effective ( and childish ) , don't you think ? not that thinking is your strong point .
0.7320148
you petty jackas why do you wee nazi twerps think banning will save you from the truth your behaviour is fascist and betrays an underlying intellectual weakness banning so effective and childish dont you think not that thinking is your strong point 
0.5796974
jackass

international hockey league ]] = = * add links to original league ==[[
0.024369488
international hokey league add links to original league 
0.010372727
hockey

welcome to wikipedia ! we welcome your help to create new content , but your recent additions ( such as almighty girl ! ) are considered nonsense . please refrain from creating nonsense articles . if you want to test things out , edit the sandbox instead . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.13249075
welcome to wikipedia we welcome your help to create new content but your recent additions such as almighty girl are considered nonsense plese refrain from creating nonsense articles if you want to test things out edit the sandbox instead take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.129671
please

i don't see what you've got against me , eh ? ever heard of the group dschinghis khan ? no ? doesn't mean they don't exist .
0.11853983
i dont see what youve got against me eh ever heard of the group dschinghis khan no doesnt mean they dont exit 
0.06837094
exist

welcome to wikipedia ! we welcome your help to create new content , but your recent additions ( such as ritual ) are considered nonsense . please refrain from creating nonsense articles . if you want to test things out , edit the sandbox instead . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.106877565
welcome to wikipedia we welcome your help to create new content but your recent additions such as ritual ae considered nonsense please refrain from creating nonsense articles if you want to test things out edit the sandbox instead take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.103137836
are

now , i'm not going to debate it ( because i agree ) , but i do think this kind of statement needs proof from a reliable source . - i've said it below earlier that he wasn't considered very famous in many parts in the world . so a citation is needed for the rock history thing . because it's vague when you say just rock history , it would be fitting for yoshiki to be the an influential drummer ( maybe most , but that might need a citation as well ) in rock history in asia . so , when we say that bonham is one of the most influentials drummers in the rock history , we have to say that his one of the most influentials drummers in uk and not in the rock history ? =/ , yeah , yoshiki is the mots influential drummer of asia , but asia is also inside the rock history don't forget this ;) = = only japan ? = = somebody has just put that yoshiki is one of the most influential drummers in japan rock history , eehm , everybody knows that yoshiki is the drummer of japan , and because of that is one of the most influentials in all rock history , not only in the rock history of japan , if you see bands in china , korea , et . c you'll see that their drummers are fans of yoshiki . well , i guess not just japan but in asia . the reason to why i put that is because while yoshiki is well-known in parts of asia , he wasn't as influential in many countries like the americas , africa , and europe . sure , there are people in those continents that like him ( and x-japan as a whole ) , but it's not enough compared to the majority who hasn't heard of him or x . - = = rewrite = = the article has been rewritten to conform better with wp :v and to fix some of the damage done by this recent edit . i use the word damage because the editor in question is a regular contributor to x japan and was , at the time of the edit undoubtedly aware of the numerous references already available for that article . why the editor failed to introduce them here , in order to preserve at least some of the information is quite puzzling . -
0.02321238
now im not going to debate it because i agree but i do think this kind of statement needs proof from a reliable source ive said it below earlier that he wasnt considered very famous in many parts in the world so a citation is needed for the rock history thing because its vague when you say just rock history it would be fitting for yoshiki to be the an influential drummer maybe most but that might need a citation as well in rock history in asia so when we say that bonham is one of the most influentials drummers in the rock history we have to say that his one of the most influentials drummers in uk and not in the rock history yeah yoshiki is the mos influential drummer of asia but asia is also inside the rock history dont forget this only japan somebody has just put that yoshiki is one of the most influential drummers in japan rock history eehm everybody knows that yoshiki is the drummer of japan and because of that is one of the most influentials in all rock history not only in the rock history of japan if you see bands in china korea et c youll see that their drummers are fans of yoshiki well i guess not just japan but in asia the reason to why i put that is because while yoshiki is wellknown in parts of asia he wasnt as influential in many countries like the americas africa and europe sure there are people in those continents that like him and xjapan as a whole but its not enough compared to the majority who hasnt heard of him or x rewrite the article has been rewritten to conform better with wp v and to fix some of the damage done by this recent edit i use the word damage because the editor in question is a regular contributor to x japan and was at the time of the edit undoubtedly aware of the numerous references already available for that article why the editor failed to introduce them here in order to preserve at least some of the information is quite puzzling 
0.020884221
mots

= = another porn email = = do you think this is funny ? after that first incident i cant believe you decided to pull this again . i do not want pornography ! i dont understand what makes you think that i do . at this point i am considering just making a new account hoping i wont recieve any indecent emails . a second abuse report has been sent to your isp . this is not being found humorous to anyone . thank you goodbye .
0.33215564
another porn email do you think this is funny after that first incident i cant believe you decided to pull this again i do not want pornography i dont understand what makes you think that i do at this point i am considering just making a new account hoping i wont recieve any indecent emails a second abse report has been sent to your isp this is not being found humorous to anyone thank you goodbye 
0.3277122
abuse

= = current title of the spiegel = = hi rex , as you speak german , i thought you are maybe interested in the recent topic of the magazin spiegel : die erfindung der deutschen ( please refer to : http://www.spiegel.de/spiegel/) which includes inter alia a very intersting passage about charlemagne . regards ( )
0.09988783
current title of the spiegel hi rex as you speak german i thought you are maybe interested in the recent topic of the magazin spiegel de erfindung der deutschen please refer to httpwwwspiegeldespiegel which includes inter alia a very intersting passage about charlemagne regards 
0.022428887
die

and is that something that should be in the article ?
0.02404169
and is that something that shuld be in the article 
0.022832321
should

: anon serial vandal : see wp : npa and wp : or
0.119921766
anon serial vadal see wp npa and wp or 
0.05343828
vandal

= = unspecified source for image : hp_cheb_hasni_50847 . jpg = = thanks for uploading image : hp_cheb_hasni_50847 . jpg . i noticed that the file's description page currently doesn't specify who created the content , so the copyright status is unclear . if you did not create this file yourself , then you will need to specify the owner of the copyright . if you obtained it from a website , then a link to the website from which it was taken , together with a restatement of that website's terms of use of its content , is usually sufficient information . however , if the copyright holder is different from the website's publisher , then their copyright should also be acknowledged . as well as adding the source , please add a proper copyright licensing tag if the file doesn't have one already . if you created/took the picture , audio , or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl . if you believe the media meets the criteria at wikipedia : fair use , use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia : image copyright tags #fair use . see wikipedia : image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use . if you have uploaded other files , consider checking that you have specified their source and tagged them , too . you can find a list of files you have uploaded by following [ this link ] . unsourced and untagged images may be deleted one week after they have been tagged , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . if the image is copyrighted under a non-free license ( per wikipedia : fair use ) then the image will be deleted 48 hours after . if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page . thank you . ≈
0.0063660196
unspecified source for image hpchebhasni50847 jpg thanks for uploading image hpchebhasni50847 jpg i noticed that the files description page currently doesnt specify who created the content so the copyright status is unclear if you did not create this file yourself then you will need to specify the owner of the copyright if you obtained it from a website then a link to the website from which it was taken together with a restatement of that websites terms of use of its content is usually sufficient information however if the copyright holder is different from the websites publisher then their copyright should also be acknowledged as well as adding the source please add a proper copyright licensing tag if the file doesnt have one already if you createdtook the picture audio or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl if you believe the media meets the criteria at wikipedia fair use use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia image copyright tags fair use see wikipedia image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use if you have uploaded other files consider checking that you have specified their source and tagged them too you can find a list of files you have uploaded by following this link unsoured and untagged images may be deleted one week after they have been tagged as described on criteria for speedy deletion if the image is copyrighted under a nonfree license per wikipedia fair use then the image will be deleted 48 hours after if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page thank you ≈ 
0.005194331
unsourced

: sorry , looks like the posts on ani have been archive since i saw them . see and .
0.012771512
sorry looks like the posts on ani have been archive since i saw them ee and 
0.008775815
see

: could everyone try to calm down and focus on the main objective - trying to improve the madonna article . i sincerely believe that's what everyone is trying to do , but approaching it from different directions . the queen of pop thing is not the biggest problem here . there's a sentence in the article that describes madonna as one of the most important people in the history of the world . really , that kind of overstatement does her a disservice . she's made an incredible , unique contribution to pop music , culture etc but that's barely acknowledged in favor of a bunch of meaningless praise . can we please look at the entire article , and rather than give examples such as bette midler , which is not a particularly good article , please compare it to the various singers , actors , performers etc who are the subjects of featured articles . there are numerous bad articles that we could use as a rationale for the development of the madonna article but i would prefer to draw inspiration from the best articles rather than the mediocre . there is some justification for the divine miss m reference . she was actually known by that moniker early in her career as it was a character she created and for a time she was that character on and off-stage . her stage show and album used the same name - it was a strong connection . maybe not strong enough for the lead sentence , but it doesn't compare with the media created queen of pop tag . : once again i draw your attention to wp : lead . please take a few moments to read it so that we can at least try to tackle this from the same angle instead of all this bickering , which is doing nothing but harm . nothing should be in the lead section that is not in the article because the lead is meant to be a summary of the article . if the queen of pop reference is so important , please discuss it in the article so it at least has some context . she's commonly called queen of pop . big deal - what does that mean ? there's no attempt to place it into any context , there's no meaning , no explanation . please try to keep personal opinions aside and use wp guidelines to approach the article objectively . wikipedia : what is a featured article ? is also full of useful tips on what to aim for . this used to be a featured article ( believe it or not ) , and there's no reason it can't be again .
0.044221852
could everyone try to calm down and focus on the main objective trying to improve the madonna article i sincerely believe thats what everyone is trying to do but approaching it from different directions the queen of pop thing is not the biggest problem here theres a sentence in the article that describes madonna as one of the most important people in the history of the world really that kind of overstatement does her a isservice shes made an incredible unique contribution to pop music culture etc but thats barely acknowledged in favor of a bunch of meaningless praise can we please look at the entire article and rather than give examples such as bette midler which is not a particularly good article please compare it to the various singers actors performers etc who are the subjects of featured articles there are numerous bad articles that we could use as a rationale for the development of the madonna article but i would prefer to draw inspiration from the best articles rather than the mediocre there is some justification for the divine miss m reference she was actually known by that moniker early in her career as it was a character she created and for a time she was that character on and offstage her stage show and album used the same name it was a strong connection maybe not strong enough for the lead sentence but it doesnt compare with the media created queen of pop tag once again i draw your attention to wp lead please take a few moments to read it so that we can at least try to tackle this from the same angle instead of all this bickering which is doing nothing but harm nothing should be in the lead section that is not in the article because the lead is meant to be a summary of the article if the queen of pop reference is so important please discuss it in the article so it at least has some context shes commonly called queen of pop big deal what does that mean theres no attempt to place it into any context theres no meaning no explanation please try to keep personal opinions aside and use wp guidelines to approach the article objectively wikipedia what is a featured article is also full of useful tips on what to aim for this used to be a featured article believe it or not and theres no reason it cant be again 
0.03832292
disservice

= = = = h . das reply = = = = well , i'm more concerned with the living at this point , i.e. ekajati . blnguyen claims they had no overlapping edits and bases his assessment on the improbablity of this , but i found three examples of overlapping edits within a few minutes of looking for them ! something fishy here .
0.04577443
 das reply well im more concerned with the living at this point ie ekajati blnguyen claims they had no overlapping edits and bases his assessment on the improbablity of this but i found three examples of overlapping edits within a few minutes of looking for them something fishy here 
0.033895854
h

