http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=wikipedia%3achanging_username&diff;=92790566&oldid;=92769124 never come back , or else you'll be revealed ! bastard ... that's also for you khoi
0.80883133
httpenwikipediaorgwindexphptitlewikipedia3achangingusernamediff92790566oldid92769124 never come back or else youll be revealed basard thats also for you khoi 
0.31126693
bastard

thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and the page that you created has been or soon will be deleted . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.01961051
thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and the page that you created hs been or soon will be deleted please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.0188964
has

= = = biography being well written and encyclopedic = = i know maybe it'll sound akward , so do try some stuff to make it more out-of-universe . as ga judge the edit button on the article is off limits , but i'll post room for improvement on the article's talk page . just look at palpatine maybe , fa character article .
0.04870821
biography being well written and encyclopedic i know maybe itll sound akwar so do try some stuff to make it more outofuniverse as ga judge the edit button on the article is off limits but ill post room for improvement on the articles talk page just look at palpatine maybe fa character article 
0.04577875
akward

. ( on dec 14 , 2006 , a nist scientist said ... the collapse of the towers were not of any magnitude that was seismically significant ... . see dr wood's the scientific method applied to the thermite hypothesis paper on her tripod site for mp3 links . )
0.01625085
on dec 14 2006 a nist scientist said the cllapse of the towers were not of any magnitude that was seismically significant see dr woods the scientific method applied to the thermite hypothesis paper on her tripod site for mp3 links 
0.010929701
collapse

why are you siding with them and protecting there addition to the current pace that doesn't belong there , they added that and your protecting that , why are you treating me like this , i'm going to have to report you for not communicating with me .
0.09793055
why are you siding with them and protecting there additon to the current pace that doesnt belong there they added that and your protecting that why are you treating me like this im going to have to report you for not communicating with me 
0.09007326
addition

does fall under wikipedias nor policy
0.020471795
does fal under wikipedias nor policy 
0.017054051
fall

::::: jeffpw , your efforts to avoid conflict are not going unnoticed . thanks about that . slimvirgin , the reliable sources do not regard it as an example of antisemitism . the reliable sources quote members of governments , who themselves are not relible sources .
0.034828857
jeffpw your efforts to avoid conflict are not going unnoticed thanks about that slimvirgin the reliable sources do not regard it as an example of antisemitim the reliable sources quote members of governments who themselves are not relible sources 
0.02664645
antisemitism

::: where serb nationalism ? how ? when ? why ? i already explained to you his block log . ) i repeat , it's highly uncivil to accuse wikipedians like that , with absolutely no evidence ( please read wp : civil ) . please understand .... comment the content , not the user ( as wiki says ) .
0.19725224
where serb nationalism how when why i already explained to you his block log i repeat its highly unciil to accuse wikipedians like that with absolutely no evidence please read wp civil please understand comment the content not the user as wiki says 
0.13193947
uncivil

* hallo my friend . thanks for the question . there are a lot of people who prefer to strip away the supernatural and religious elements from the buddha's teaching and then say that buddhism is not a religion at all but a rationalistic philsophy . the fact is that buddhism contains both religion and philosophy . but to say that buddhism as a whole ( including the mahayana expression of it ) is not a religion is simply inaccurate and wrong . hope that helps ! best wishes from tony .
0.01903235
hallo my friend thanks for the question there are a lot of people who prefer to strip away the supernatural and religious elements from the buddhas teaching and then say that buddhism is not a religion at all but a rationalistic philsophy the fact is that buddhism contains both religion and philosophy but to say that buddhism as a whole including the mahayana expression of it is not a religion is simply inaccrate and wrong hope that helps best wishes from tony 
0.01276564
inaccurate

thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do . take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.011039097
thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it as been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.010521716
has

:: the only thing i want to say to that is that not all mexicans want the sentence to stay ... it's a bit unfair to put us all in the same bloc , if you want to call it that . xd
0.16424127
the only thing i want to say to that is that not all mexcans want the sentence to stay its a bit unfair to put us all in the same bloc if you want to call it that xd 
0.06517343
mexicans

note , i did tone down the last sentence in the intro , to say , skillfully raising in the hearts , a less positive phrase than , smoothly and powerfully raising this personal question in the hearts ... . i am somewhat troubled by the toning-down — too milk-toast for my stomach . i am revising it again to : it fearlessly stays on message , smoothly and powerfully ( shrewdly some suggest ) raising this question in the heart of the viewer ... . this film is anything but milk-toast and this article ought to reflect that .
0.05301632
note i did tone down the last sentence in the intro to say skillfully raising in the hearts a les positive phrase than smoothly and powerfully raising this personal question in the hearts i am somewhat troubled by the toningdown — too milktoast for my stomach i am revising it again to it fearlessly stays on message smoothly and powerfully shrewdly some suggest raising this question in the heart of the viewer this film is anything but milktoast and this article ought to reflect that 
0.02835922
less

= = locations = = thailand . while phuket is a more popular and well known general tourist location in thailand that includes sex tourism . pattaya is clearly a location that is dedicated almost exclusively to sex tourism . i dont know phuket that well but well enough it is bigger but probably has alot more non-sex tourists so if i were going to identify a place in thailand if not the world i would mention pattaya instead and i am tempted to edit . i hazard a good guess that on any day there is much more sex for money going on in pattaya than phuket . but for someone considering the phrase sex tourism as not necessarily pejorative i have to qualify this conclusion . note that bar girls in thailand never refer to themselves as prostitutes and this probably goes for most of the general thai population also . although i beleive that there are words in thai for prostitute they mostly ( at least the girls ) prefer to call themselves rented wifes albeit for short time rather then long time . i therefore need to be qualify my pattaya versus phuket statistic in order to be accurate as excluding sex between husbands and rented wifes particularly of the long-term married western kind that typically eventually end up with a large exchange of capital in the wifes direction whether during the marriage or at its end or both . there is no such thing as a free lunch and everybody pays for it . [ note that i neither intend nor consider any of the former comments to be either sexist ( note women still get paid less than men and suffer loss of income during pregnancy and child rearing ) and moreover consider them culturally aware ( particurlay thailand wise ) . the fact is that almost all relationships of a sexual kind are commercial ones ! one must be aware that labels , concepts , ideas such as sex tourism carry suggestions associated with religion particularly judeo-christiam-islamic ( jdi ) pejoratives thst underpin much of western if not most of the ( religious ) worlds worldviews outside of some tribal , village , usually buddhist and what i like to call giesha cultures : e.g. japan , thailand etc , versus virgin cultures typically ( jdi ) that often revolve around even int he west to some extend the worhship and praise of female virginity before marriage . ( note that thai society is strangely contradictory in this regard aren't we all ! but then thai culture too has a long and more recent tradition of polygamy than the west . ) perhaps some historio-religious criticism of these sorts o pejorative and cultural factors should be entertained in the article proper also . i hate value laden western ( and religious ) labels that dress themselves up psuedo-scientificly as culturally universal . exploitation of the child aside their is vastly more exploitation going on outside of the sex busniess in the third world under global capitalism like chinese factories where labourers - girls included - work excruciating long hours for a few yuan or rmb . ]
0.109839
locations thailand while phuket is a more popular and well known general tourist location in thailand that includes sex tourism pattaya is clearly a location that is dedicated almost exclusively to sex tourism i dont know phuket that well but well enough it is bigger but probably has alot more nonsex tourists so if i were going to identify a place in thailand if not the world i would mention pattaya instead and i am tempted to edit i hazard a good guess that on any day there is much more sex for money going on in pattaya than phuket but for someone considering the phrase sex tourism as not necessarily pejorative i have to qualify this conclusion note that bar girls in thailand never refer to themselves as prostitutes and this probably goes for most of the general thai population also although i beleive that there are words in thai for rostitute they mostly at least the girls prefer to call themselves rented wifes albeit for short time rather then long time i therefore need to be qualify my pattaya versus phuket statistic in order to be accurate as excluding sex between husbands and rented wifes particularly of the longterm married western kind that typically eventually end up with a large exchange of capital in the wifes direction whether during the marriage or at its end or both there is no such thing as a free lunch and everybody pays for it note that i neither intend nor consider any of the former comments to be either sexist note women still get paid less than men and suffer loss of income during pregnancy and child rearing and moreover consider them culturally aware particurlay thailand wise the fact is that almost all relationships of a sexual kind are commercial ones one must be aware that labels concepts ideas such as sex tourism carry suggestions associated with religion particularly judeochristiamislamic jdi pejoratives thst underpin much of western if not most of the religious worlds worldviews outside of some tribal village usually buddhist and what i like to call giesha cultures eg japan thailand etc versus virgin cultures typically jdi that often revolve around even int he west to some extend the worhship and praise of female virginity before marriage note that thai society is strangely contradictory in this regard arent we all but then thai culture too has a long and more recent tradition of polygamy than the west perhaps some historioreligious criticism of these sorts o pejorative and cultural factors should be entertained in the article proper also i hate value laden western and religious labels that dress themselves up psuedoscientificly as culturally universal exploitation of the child aside their is vastly more exploitation going on outside of the sex busniess in the third world under global capitalism like chinese factories where labourers girls included work excruciating long hours for a few yuan or rmb 
0.08607415
prostitute

= = deletion sorting = = personally i find wikipedia : wikiproject deletion sorting/islam incredibly useful . votestalking can take place in any manner . if there is not a centralized place , those who want certain articles deleted will still communicate with each other . but i won't be in the know . with this system , which user : itaqallah is so fond of using , i am able to watchlist this single page and learn what's going on the same way that others do . i suggest that we make the deletion sorting page better known instead of deleting it , you know , tell your friends . — —
0.04551264
deletion sorting personally i find wikipedia wikiproject deletion sortingislam incredibly useful votestalking can take place in any manner if there is not a centralized place those who want certain articles deleted will still communicate with each other but i wont be in the know with this system which user itaqallah is so fond of using i am able to watchlist this single page and learn whats going on the same way that others do i suggest that we make the deletion sorting page better known instead of deleting it you know tell your friend — — 
0.021233613
friends

user badtogod was trying to warn you about your vandalsious edits and you attacked him because of his sexuality . shame on you
0.6830857
user badtogod was trying to warn you about your vandalsious edits and you attacked him because of his sexuality sham on you 
0.59105533
shame

: no offence taken . i think we just have different interpretations of the notability criteria . ( e@)
0.009006041
no offence taken i think we just have diferent interpretations of the notability criteria e 
0.0077924165
different

in this change , mike halterman says no need to go through redirects , the point of piped links is for them to go to the correct name . yes , i know , but as i cited above , the disambiguation guidelines appear to recommend having the dab page link to the full name rather than to directly to the real name . rome ( disambiguation ) links to rome , italy even though the real article is at rome . now , maybe you're saying that as long as i needed a piped link to satisfy mos : dab #piping exception #3 :3 . use piping to format or quote a portion of an article whose name consists of both a title and a clarifier ; for instance harvey ( film ) , uss adder ( ss-3 ) , or school ( song ) . i might as well go directly to the right page . note a later sentence in mos : dab : : this guidance to avoid piping means that a link to a redirect term will sometimes be preferred to a direct link , if the redirect term contains the disambiguation title and the redirect target does not . that could be read two ways : as a way to avoid piping , or as a preference for linking to the disambiguated name in preference to the ambiguous one . anyhow , i don't care a lot ; i was just trying to do it the right way .
0.010518108
in this change mike halterman says no need to go through redirects the point of piped links is for them to go to the correct name yes i know but as i cited above the disambiguation guidelines appear to recommend having the dab page link to the full name rather than to directly to the real name rome disambiguation links to rome italy even though the real article is at rome now maybe youre saying that as long as i needed a piped link to satisfy mos dab piping exception 3 3 use piping to format or quote a portion of an article whose name consists of both a title and a clarifier for instance harvey film uss adder ss3 or school song i might as well go directly to the right page note a later sentence in mos dab this guidance to avoid piping means that a link to a redirect term will sometimes be preferred to a direct link if the redirect term contains the disambiguation title and the redirect target does not that could be read two ways as a way to avoid piping or as a preference for linking to the disambiguated name in preference to the ambiguous one anyhow i dont car a lot i was just trying to do it the right way 
0.0078333095
care

:::: look you moron , if the 1000 series is t-1000 ? then guess what's the 800 series is ? moron ! idiot ! and as stated here , in one of the discussion in this page : ::::: i agree with christopher thomas , below , regarding unclarified sources for this article . specifically , i take issue with the entire differences between the 800 and 850 series section , because i contend that there is no such thing as a t-850 . stan winston studios , which designed the terminators for the films , confirmed this to me via e-mail when i wrote to them asking their opinion . their response ( direct quote ): i'm not sure where the t-850 came from . as far as i know , arnold's terminator has and always will be the t-800 , model 101 . now , the robot terminators in t3 are t1's and kristana loken is the tx . i hope that clears it up ... while the term t-850 is somewhat widespread on the internet , even extending to t3-related merchandise such as action figures , its origin is , to my mind , something of a mystery . rich :::: stan winston designed the terminator , and he says it's t-800 ! now shut the fuck up and change it back you idiot !
0.82924944
look you moron if the 1000 series is t1000 then guess whats the 800 series is moron i d i o t and as stated here in one of the discussion in this page i agree with christopher thomas below regarding unclarified sources for this article specifically i take issue with the entire differences between the 800 and 850 series section because i contend that there is no such thing as a t850 stan winston studios which designed the terminators for the films confirmed this to me via email when i wrote to them asking their opinion their response direct quote im not sure where the t850 came from as far as i know arnolds terminator has and always will be the t800 model 101 now the robot terminators in t3 are t1s and kristana loken is the tx i hope that clears it up while the term t850 is somewhat widespread on the internet even extending to t3related merchandise such as action figures its origin is to my mind something of a mystery rich stan winston designed the terminator and he says its t800 now shut the fuck up and change it back you diot 
0.7135881
idiot

:: next thing you fuckers will say that those robotic planes in the movie are not called hunter killers because the movie didn't mention their names even though it's in the fucking script too . this article is stupid , and just like all the wikipedia jokes , unreliable source for going against official sources .
0.8939673
next thing you fuckrs will say that those robotic planes in the movie are not called hunter killers because the movie didnt mention their names even though its in the fucking script too this article is stupid and just like all the wikipedia jokes unreliable source for going against official sources 
0.8688271
fuckers

: hey ...... i did not attack other wikipedians . get your facts straight . btw , certain things are more important . i really don't give a damn about your stupid rules . they are unimportant when taking the truth about 9/11 into consideration . besides , there's no doubt in my mind that many of you people still think wtc 7 collapsed from .. cough cough .. fire and debris . this shows the overall stupidity level of you people . and regarding attacking people , look through the archives in some of the 9/11 pages and you'll see moderators behaving like little children by calling people names , and ignoring scientific facts and physical laws . you think censoring the truth about 9/11 is going to prevent the truth from coming out ? are you american ? then consider yourself a traitor to the country because that's exactly what you are . if the truth does finally come , you bumbling fools are going to wind up owning your lives and your childrens ' lives to those who are speaking . you wanna censor it ? that would be an act of treason . that goes for you , that shmuck mongo and the idiot tom harrison .
0.78986925
hey i did not attack other wikipedians get your facts straight btw certain things are more important i really dont give a damn about your tupid rules they are unimportant when taking the truth about 911 into consideration besides theres no doubt in my mind that many of you people still think wtc 7 collapsed from cough cough fire and debris this shows the overall stupidity level of you people and regarding attacking people look through the archives in some of the 911 pages and youll see moderators behaving like little children by calling people names and ignoring scientific facts and physical laws you think censoring the truth about 911 is going to prevent the truth from coming out are you american then consider yourself a traitor to the country because thats exactly what you are if the truth does finally come you bumbling fools are going to wind up owning your lives and your childrens lives to those who are speaking you wanna censor it that would be an act of treason that goes for you that shmuck mongo and the idiot tom harrison 
0.78573424
stupid

