= = assistance at cultural appropriation = = hi . ) i'd appreciate a moment of your time if you have it to give to deal with ' s nonstop name-calling and repreated vandalism/bad-faith editing of the page . much appreciated .
0.051478993
assistance at cultural appropriation hi id appreciate a moment of your time if you have it to give to del with s nonstop namecalling and repreated vandalismbadfaith editing of the page much appreciated 
0.01792154
deal

you shut your mouth . and my contributions will never be missed — as long as there are several hooligans on this site , i will remain to sort these issues out the proper way . currently , all attempts have failed . but that won't be the case for much longer . permanent blocking won't work with me , as my comeback will be uplifting .
0.6188162
you sht your mouth and my contributions will never be missed — as long as there are several hooligans on this site i will remain to sort these issues out the proper way currently all attempts have failed but that wont be the case for much longer permanent blocking wont work with me as my comeback will be uplifting 
0.5760824
shut

= request for arbitration = you have been summoned to appear as defendant at a request for abritation . please vist the wikipedia : requests for arbitration page to make your statement under the heading .
0.030976014
request for arbitration you have been summoned to appear as defendant at a request for abritation please vist the wikipedia requests for arbitration page to mae your statement under the heading 
0.027360901
make

who said the internet was definitive ? and neither is the quote provided . reread my response . i checked the internet and found nothing . the contributor of the information must provide more definitive supporting evidence of dreadlocks not just matted locks . ( and who cares about chicle not chewing gum ) ? the wording has been changed to be speculative , rather than reflective of an unsubstantiated , definitive conclusion reached , so far as i can tell , by only the contributor .
0.064373836
who said the internet was definitive and neither is the quote provided reread my response i checked the internet and found nothing the contributor of the information must provide more definitive supporting evidence of dreadlocks not just matted locks and who caes about chicle not chewing gum the wording has been changed to be speculative rather than reflective of an unsubstantiated definitive conclusion reached so far as i can tell by only the contributor 
0.036386527
cares

= = source for the jaw claim ? = = i suspect the vice jaw stuff is utter nonsense . the pitbull manages excellent bitepower with a conventionally arranged jaw . what proof have we that the jaw of authentic bulldogs projected ? my theory is that this is tripe cooked up by modern english bulldog-fanciers to connect their dogs with the original breed .
0.3246629
source for the jaw claim i suspect the vice jaw stuff is utter nonsense the pitbull manages excellent bitepower with a conventionally arranged jaw what proof have we that the jaw of authentic bulldogs projected my theory is that this is tripe cooked up by modern english bulldogfanciers to connect their dgs with the original breed 
0.22283989
dogs

* this ip is from the chicago public library it could be from anyone on wi-fi or public terminals here . probably not safe to block the ip , maybe just watch its contributions .
0.013917611
this ip is from the chicago public library it could be from anyone on wifi or public terminals here probably not safe to bock the ip maybe just watch its contributions 
0.007857818
block

bret harte's writings influenced the realistic period of naturalism and expostulated the previous aura of romanticism . his wide variety of reconnaisance jobs equipped him with a plethora of experiences that became manifested in his writings . have a great day and don't be pussilanimous . i hope this wasn't soporific or vapid .
0.042655136
bret hartes writings influenced the realistic period of naturalism and expostulated the previous aura of romanticism his wide variety of reconnaisance jobs equipped him with a plethora of experiences that became manifested in his writings have a great day and dont be pussilanimous i hope this wasnt soporific or vapi 
0.016401786
vapid

i'm going to pretend for just a moment , fred , that you'd actually be interested in my advice . please don't feel any need to insult me over this i don't have any real belief that your interested in anything i have to say . but anyway , in this imaginary world where you actually are interested in my advice , i would tell you that , in the capacity of an arbitrator , you've written a summary of the focus of the dispute that ( a ) includes an alleged statement of the opinion of one party to the dispute that that party has denied , and that ( b ) the other side of the dispute seems to think is inaccurate . again in this imaginary world , i would suggest to you that maybe it would be more productive to re-write the damn summary that no one likes rather than , say , to write a new article about wikilawyering . back to this world , now . i'm going to spend a day or so trying to get el c to write the second notice to you , just because i think it would be good for him to do it . i don't think he will , but i noted to you that i wouldn't start looking for someone to write the second notice to you for a day or two , so i'll spend that time mentoring el c before i seriously start looking . in fairness , i think i should tell you that , while i do think you are absolutely wrong in this particular matter , and i really will pursue it to the very end , i find your attitude pretty amusing , and it is entertaining for me ( in some dark way , perhaps ) to see the innovative and gymnastic things you come up with in order to avoid doing what seems to me to be quite obviously the right thing to do . i'm telling you this because possibly you find the whole thing very annoying and draining as indeed i would , if i were continually having to make up new reasons for not doing what is obviously the right thing to do and if that's the case , this could be a bad situation for you : you're drained while i'm entertained . now , probably some worthy will turn my words here against me , and claim ( ignoring my clear statement that i think you are absolutely wrong in this particular matter ) that i am just trying to be annoying to you . but i can deal with that , and it really is as a favor to you that i've informed you that i think this whole process is amusing to me .
0.19068177
im going to pretend for just a moment fred that youd actually be interested in my advice please dont feel any need to inult me over this i dont have any real belief that your interested in anything i have to say but anyway in this imaginary world where you actually are interested in my advice i would tell you that in the capacity of an arbitrator youve written a summary of the focus of the dispute that a includes an alleged statement of the opinion of one party to the dispute that that party has denied and that b the other side of the dispute seems to think is inaccurate again in this imaginary world i would suggest to you that maybe it would be more productive to rewrite the damn summary that no one likes rather than say to write a new article about wikilawyering back to this world now im going to spend a day or so trying to get el c to write the second notice to you just because i think it would be good for him to do it i dont think he will but i noted to you that i wouldnt start looking for someone to write the second notice to you for a day or two so ill spend that time mentoring el c before i seriously start looking in fairness i think i should tell you that while i do think you are absolutely wrong in this particular matter and i really will pursue it to the very end i find your attitude pretty amusing and it is entertaining for me in some dark way perhaps to see the innovative and gymnastic things you come up with in order to avoid doing what seems to me to be quite obviously the right thing to do im telling you this because possibly you find the whole thing very annoying and draining as indeed i would if i were continually having to make up new reasons for not doing what is obviously the right thing to do and if thats the case this could be a bad situation for you youre drained while im entertained now probably some worthy will turn my words here against me and claim ignoring my clear statement that i think you are absolutely wrong in this particular matter that i am just trying to be annoying to you but i can deal with that and it really is as a favor to you that ive informed you that i think this whole process is amusing to me 
0.15473267
insult

congratulations ! i'd received a request to weigh in on your adminship but , unfortunately it slipped my mind until just now . i see that your nomination has been successful . i would have felt terrible if it had failed . your perspective is a sorely needed counterbalance here .
0.11821057
congratulations id received a request to weigh in on your adminship but unfortunately it slipped my mind until just now i see that your nomination has been successful i would have felt terribl if it had failed your perspective is a sorely needed counterbalance here 
0.08897101
terrible

= = = rewrite = = = i think this article violates no personal essays ( imho so does intelligent design ) . in my opinion most of the stuff can and should be moved to creation science , history of evolutionary thought , evolution , erasmus darwin , and other places . the current definition of evolutionism on this page is the same as evolution . i think a more correct definition and introduction would be something along the lines of : evolutionism refers to the belief in the scientific theory of evolution . for the most part , the term is used only by creation scientists who believe the theory is unsound . often the phrase is used as a perjorative to draw attention to what some creationists believe is closed-mindedness amongst scientists ... etc what do the regular editors think ?
0.027429005
rewrite i think this article violates no personal essays imho so does inteligent design in my opinion most of the stuff can and should be moved to creation science history of evolutionary thought evolution erasmus darwin and other places the current definition of evolutionism on this page is the same as evolution i think a more correct definition and introduction would be something along the lines of evolutionism refers to the belief in the scientific theory of evolution for the most part the term is used only by creation scientists who believe the theory is unsound often the phrase is used as a perjorative to draw attention to what some creationists believe is closedmindedness amongst scientists etc what do the regular editors think 
0.01586082
intelligent

been in common usage since the 27thcentury ? where did the last 600 years go by ?
0.03589534
been in common usage since the 27thcentury where did the last 600 years g by 
0.019410284
go

= = bluebot = = i dont understand what you mean , all my bot does is ensure the {{ 1911 }} tag is under a references heading .
0.022680957
bluebot i dont understand what you mean all my bot does s ensure the 1911 tag s under a references heading 
0.022400508
is

suntem o forta ! by the way just look at the [] you might discover something really nice about the all-powerful entity made of pure energy namly mark williamson also known as node . tot inainte ! &
0.03758341
suntem o forta by the way just look at the you might discover something really nice about the allpowerful entity made of pure energy namly mark williamson also known as node tt inainte 
0.025400883
tot

= = so called moldovan language and romanian = = hello preacher king of mao ! you are right ! there is no moldovan language ! is a soviet invention ! but there are some russian there who edit and revert this thing ! maybe you can help us . the truth is that moldovan doesn't exist . it's about romanian with a different name . the fact is that is identical with romanian . romanian is a latin language like french , italian , spanish , portuguese . the soviet propaganda and the russians experts since 1812 tried to make a difference on political reasons . even internationally at the most official level is recognized that so called moldovan is nothing else but romanian . [] please feel free to express your opinion ! &
0.08451957
so called moldovan language and romanian hello preacher king of mao you are right there is no moldovan language is a soviet invention but there are some russian there who edit and revert this thing maybe you can help us the truth is that moldovan doesnt exist its about romanian with a different name the fact is that is identical with romanian romanian is a latin language like french italian spanish portuguese the soviet propagand and the russians experts since 1812 tried to make a difference on political reasons even internationally at the most official level is recognized that so called moldovan is nothing else but romanian please feel free to express your opinion 
0.047174275
propaganda

