** update : after moving to the end of my monobook . js , this and all my other scripts work fine . maybe that script does something strange in the end . yay ! •
0.047822345
update after moving to the end of my monobook js this and all my other script work fine maybe that script does something strange in the end yay • 
0.023464547
scripts

unfortunaately , i don't know of such books . by the way , the guardian quite was brought up in the original deleteion discussion but was disregarded , though the guardian is a significant british newspaper . it might be releavent to mention that this mr. yellow up seems to have a consistent policy of hounding me and trying to get rid of whatever i write which does not fit his political opinions , he does it also in the hebrew wikipedia . there are some more points which i thought of . the argument of yellow up that this is just one of thousands of trials against military evaders which was rpeated by danntm just a simple , unimportant court-martial is factually not true . it is very exceptional for the idf to grant a political objector a full court martial where he can be defended by a lawyer and call witnesses ( and make political speeches ) . it does not happen more often than once in a decade . the usual procedure is disciplinary proceedings where you are judged by a commaning officer in his bureau , with no lawyer or witnesses , and it lasts about five minutes - but the officer can only give a maximum of 28 days , unlike the full court martial which can give years . but the descision to have a full court martial is far from routine , it is taken on the highest levels . then there is the fact that the act which the trial was about - a soldier writing subversive graffiti of 117 tanks and other military vehicles - is far from routine , it is certainly unique in israel and i think quite exeptional for armies worldwide . and finally , majorly jusitifed the decision to delete by stating the vast majority were delete comments , and there seemed to be consensus to delete . now , i took a look at the deletion log of article submitted on january 8 together with mine . as far as i could see , virtually all of those which were fianlly deleted had a real ovewhelming majoroity in favor , many of them complete unanimity . the court martial artcile had nine in favor of deletion against five opposing deletion ( if you don't count my own objection , with it there would be nine to six ) . i saw that another article which was put up for deleteion in nearly the same time arnie_ginsburg , the result was no concensus , default keep . [] . i have a feeling this could have been the resut also with the court martial article . i don't know if i should try myself to put up all these arguments , it seems like a person trying to defend his own work is discounted . adam keller
0.035869375
unfortunaately i dont know of such books by the way the guardian quite was brought up in the original deleteion discussion but was disregarded though the guardian is a significant british newspaper it might be releavent to mention that this mr yellow up seems to have a consistent policy of hounding me and trying to get rid of whatever i write which does not fit his political opinions he does it also in the hebrew wikipedia there are some more points which i thought of the argument of yellow up that this is just one of thousands of trials against military evaders which was rpeated by danntm just a simple unimportant courtmartial is factually not true it is very exceptional for the idf to grant a political objector a full court martial where he can be defended by a lawyer and call witnesses and make political speeches it does not happen more often than once in a decade the usual procedure is disciplinary proceedings where you are judged by a commaning officer in his bureau with no lawyer or witnesses and it lasts about five minutes but the officer can only give a maximum of 28 days unlike the full court martial which can give years but the descision to have a full court martial is far from routine it is taken on the highest levels then there is the fact that the act which the trial was about a soldier writing sbversive graffiti of 117 tanks and other military vehicles is far from routine it is certainly unique in israel and i think quite exeptional for armies worldwide and finally majorly jusitifed the decision to delete by stating the vast majority were delete comments and there seemed to be consensus to delete now i took a look at the deletion log of article submitted on january 8 together with mine as far as i could see virtually all of those which were fianlly deleted had a real ovewhelming majoroity in favor many of them complete unanimity the court martial artcile had nine in favor of deletion against five opposing deletion if you dont count my own objection with it there would be nine to six i saw that another article which was put up for deleteion in nearly the same time arnieginsburg the result was no concensus default keep i have a feeling this could have been the resut also with the court martial article i dont know if i should try myself to put up all these arguments it seems like a person trying to defend his own work is discounted adam keller 
0.03219345
subversive

: i understand where you are coming from . i have no actual proof that those are legitimate street names , but i have a case to argue . i feel that no citation should be needed for the addition of street names , and i say this because it varies . street names vary from culture to culture , of which i am sure you are aware of . i feel that in order to provide the most accurate information about this topic there needs to be a diverse culture of editors . i hope that makes sense . wikipedia is supposed to provide the most accurate information possible , and i am just trying to add to it . by adding certain slang names , it opens up people’s knowledge . being a user myself , i feel that my information is very accurate , seeing as how i would use the terms on a daily basis . sure there is no citation , but there is an addict that lived the lifestyle . that should be a citation enough . i hope you now understand where i am coming from . thanks , :: i disagree . if it is a used streetname , there simply are references for it . i am sorry , but information is not accurate because the person that adds it says so , accuracy should be measured by reliable sources . :: that street names vary from culture to culture indeed is known , and i am not saying that we should not have streetnames in articles , they indeed are a welcome addition . the thing is only , what if i am a vandal , and i want to add the streetname ' mobile ' to the list of mdma-streetnames ( i could add a whole list of common objects that people carry around when being in the street , and i have seen that happening ) .. from your point of view , you would not contest that . now seen the seriousness that you have in editing the article , and since you have taken the effort to open a wikipedia account , i don't think you are a vandal , but still the same principle would apply . hope this helps .
0.05561662
i understand where you are coming from i have no actual proof that those are legitimate street names but i have a case to argue i feel that no citation should be needed for the addition of street names and i say this because it varies street names vary from culture to culture of which i am sure you are aware of i feel that in order to provide the most accurate information about this topic there needs to be a diverse culture of editors i hope that makes sense wikipedia is supposed to provide the most accurate information possible and i am just trying to add to it by adding certain slang names it opens up people’s knowledge being a user myself i feel that my information is very accurate seeing as how i would use the terms on a daily basis sure there is no citation but there is an addict that lived the lifestyle that should be a citation enough i hope you now understand where i am coming from thanks i disagree if it is a used streetname there simply are references for it i am sorry but information is not accurate because the person that adds it says so accuracy should be measured by reliable sources that street names vary from culture to culture indeed is known and i am not saying that we should not have streetnames in articles they indeed are a welcome addition the thing is only what if i am a v a n d a l and i want to add the streetname mobile to the list of mdmastreetnames i could add a whole list of common objects that people carry around when being in the street and i have seen that happening from your point of view you would not contest that now seen the seriousness that you have in editing the article and since you have taken the effort to open a wikipedia account i dont think you are a vanal but still the same principle would apply hope this helps 
0.04558831
vandal

= = ip vandal = = hi , i see you are an experienced user . i'm helping to revert vandalism on wikipedia , and just as i was going to warn an ip vandal . something came up called an edit conflict , and a completely different edit appeared on the page , can you explain it to me ?
0.09825295
ip vadnal hi i see you are an experienced user im helping to revert vandalism on wikipedia and just as i was going to warn an ip vanda something came up called an edit conflict and a completely different edit appeared on the page can you explain it to me 
0.083964795
vandal

= = nicknames = = since jack is being used as his real name , could someone add wade winston wilson as one of his nicknames ? his middle name was apparently revealed in issue 36 of cable and deadpool .
0.046382118
nicknames since jack s being used as his real name could someone add wade winston wilson as one of his nicknames his middle name was apparently revealed in issue 36 of cable and deadpool 
0.026561575
is

you useless asshole , keep your misinformation to yourself
0.9634018
you useless asshol keep your misinformation to yourself 
0.7706793
asshole

= = images needing rationales = = = = fair use rationale for image : kxii dt3 fox . png = = {| align = center style = background-color : white ; border : 8px solid red ; padding : 5px ; text-align : center ; font-size : larger ; | |this file may be deleted . |} thanks for uploading image : kxii dt3 fox . png . i notice the ' image ' page specifies that the image is being used under fair use but there is no explanation or rationale as to why its use in wikipedia articles constitutes fair use . when you use a generic fair use tag such as {{ fair use }} or {{ fair use in|article name }} , you must also write out on the image description page a specific explanation or rationale for why using this image in each article is consistent with fair use . please go to the image description page and edit it to include a fair use rationale . if you have uploaded other fair use media , consider checking that you have specified the fair use rationale on those pages too . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any fair use images lacking such an explanation will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page . thank you . also : image : kxii 2006 . png , image : kxii dt2 . jpg .
0.009559114
images needing rationales fair use rationale for image kxii dt3 fox png align center style backgroundcolor white border 8px solid red padding 5px textalign center fontsize larger this file may be deleted thanks for uploading image kxii dt3 fox png i notice the image page specifies that the image is being used under fair use but there is no explanation or rationale as to why its use in wikipedia articles constitutes fair use when you use a generic fair use tag such as fair use or fair use inarticle name you must also write out on the image description page a specific explanation or rationale for why using this image in each article is consistent with fair use please go to the image description page and edit it to include a fair use rationale if you have uploaded other fair use media consider checking that you have specified the fair use rationale on those pages too you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any fair use images lcking such an explanation will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page thank you also image kxii 2006 png image kxii dt2 jpg 
0.0065395776
lacking

: i can second this one . having worked in the print journalism industry , i can testify - gee , that's not original research , is it ? - that double-spacing is no longer required save for some local courts which require submitted documents have the double-spacing after punctuation marks . the irony here is that they require it because they're using older scanners and ocr software , and this helps reduce scanning interpretation error , and the documents produced themselves are * stripped * of the extra space !
0.08311756
i can second this one having worked in the print journalism industry i can testify gee thats not original research is it that doublespacing is no longer required save for some local courts which require submitted documents have the doublespacing after punctuation marks the irny here is that they require it because theyre using older scanners and ocr software and this helps reduce scanning interpretation error and the documents produced themselves are stripped of the extra space 
0.028727965
irony

= = :-) = = hi ! thank you for working with me and reaching concensus here . i was planning to leave wikipedia after that case . that changed my mind . if i left i would have missed out on much goodness in my life . thank you for helping me learn the true spirit of wikipedia . have a great day -) take care ,
0.024003858
hi thank you for working with me and reaching concensus here i was planning to leave wikipedia after that case that changed my mind if i left i would have missed out on much goodnes in my life thank you for helping me learn the true spirit of wikipedia have a great day take care 
0.018851157
goodness

show me a non-pov source that even uses that term in a neutral manner . it is a term reinvented by counter-cultists to tar nrm scholars that they disagree with and that is its only usage - on heavily pov sites for that exact purpose . it is , by definition and usage , pejorative . see my analogies above . * comment -
0.10063571
show me a nonpov source that even uses that term in a neutral manner it is a term reinvented by countercultists to tar nrm scholars that they disagree with and that is its only usage on heavily pov sites for that exact purpose it is by definition and usage pejoative see my analogies above comment 
0.037037842
pejorative

= = regarding edits made during january 25 2007 = = please stop . if you continue to remove content from pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia . if this is an ip address , and it is shared by multiple users , ignore this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits . —
0.049222592
regarding edits made during january 25 2007 please stop if you continue to remove content from pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia if this is an ip address and it is shared by multiple users ignoe this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits — 
0.04448343
ignore

err ... ignore me the guy says cytologist and he has a dutch accent to boot . lol ..
0.47908702
err ignor me the guy says cytologist and he has a dutch accent to boot lol 
0.3625218
ignore

: i hadn't noticed the ip's vandalism to my user page today , but he also messed around with it yesterday . it's commanche alright . /
0.110759
i hadnt noticed the ips vandalim to my user page today but he also messed around with it yesterday its commanche alright 
0.0603053
vandalism

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are some pages that you might find helpful : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and ask your question there . again , welcome ! and don't forget , the edit summary is your friend . ) – = = png images = = hi . i undid your changes to holomorphic function since converting html to latex produces png images , which are undesirable . per the math style manual , html is allowed ( and sometimes preferred ) in math formulas , and as such , converting them to latex is not necessary . you can reply here if you have comments . cheers ,
0.008460038
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here are some pages that you might find helpful the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to rite a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and ask your question there again welcome and dont forget the edit summary is your friend – png images hi i undid your changes to holomorphic function since converting html to latex produces png images which are undesirable per the math style manual html is allowed and sometimes preferred in math formulas and as such converting them to latex is not necessary you can reply here if you have comments cheers 
0.0055509065
write

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are some pages that you might find helpful : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and ask your question there . again , welcome ! a tag has been placed on dylan wharton , requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia . this has been done because the article seems to be about a person , group of people , band , club , company , or web content , but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable , that is , why an article about that subject should be included in wikipedia . under the criteria for speedy deletion , articles that do not assert notability may be deleted at any time . please see the guidelines for what is generally accepted as notable , and if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable , you may contest the tagging . to do this , add on the top of the page ( below the existing db tag ) and leave a note on the article's talk page explaining your position . please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself , but don't hesitate to add information to the article that would confirm its subject's notability under the guidelines . for guidelines on specific types of articles , you may want to check out our criteria for biographies , for web sites , for bands , or for companies . feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this .
0.007627372
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here are some pages that you might find helpful the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sig your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and ask your question there again welcome a tag has been placed on dylan wharton requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia this has been done because the article seems to be about a person group of people band club company or web content but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable that is why an article about that subject should be included in wikipedia under the criteria for speedy deletion articles that do not assert notability may be deleted at any time please see the guidelines for what is generally accepted as notable and if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable you may contest the tagging to do this add on the top of the page below the existing db tag and leave a note on the articles talk page explaining your position please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself but dont hesitate to add information to the article that would confirm its subjects notability under the guidelines for guidelines on specific types of articles you may want to check out our criteria for biographies for web sites for bands or for companies feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this 
0.0057806848
sign

i agree you did not attempt to use a newsgroup as a citation .... however you did make edits to the article based on the newsgroup and then attempt to justify your edits based on a newsgroup . in no way shape or form did you break the letter of the law and you totally did in spirit . please don't . this page is big enough without more tangents that don't relate to the article !
0.029437473
i agree you did not attempt to use a newsgroup as a citation however you did make edits to the article based on the newsgroup and then attempt to justify your edits based on a newsgroup in no way shape or form did you break the letter of the law and you totally did in sprit please dont this page is big enough without more tangents that dont relate to the article 
0.022093594
spirit

= = migit wrestler = = why does it have to say that ? why cant it say dwarf or little person ? calling a dwarf a migit is a ) rude and b ) wrong ( people arent suppose to say it )
0.36831814
migit wrestler why does it have to say that why cant it say dwarf or little person calling a dwarf a migit is a rud and b wrong people arent suppose to say it 
0.28657964
rude

january 26 , 2007 thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do . take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.005547302
january 26 2007 thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed pleae use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.0053451164
please

= = getae template tags = = you have reverted an earlier edit in order to place two template tags - on relevance and on original research . unfortunately you provided no reason for your edit , and as the page has a rfc on this issue i'd appreciate if you can bring arguments to support your actions and eventually to drop some comments in the rfc section . thank you .
0.028114233
getae template tags you have reverted an earlier edit in oder to place two template tags on relevance and on original research unfortunately you provided no reason for your edit and as the page has a rfc on this issue id appreciate if you can bring arguments to support your actions and eventually to drop some comments in the rfc section thank you 
0.02089852
order

:: i don't know anything about the politics surrounding this , but unsubstantiated claims such as the one you describe don't belong in the article . i'm glad we seem to agree on this . not a new user , by the way . [|]
0.076994054
i dont know anything about the politics surrounding this but unsustantiated claims such as the one you describe dont belong in the article im glad we seem to agree on this not a new user by the way 
0.05129071
unsubstantiated

january 2007 ( utc ) please keep an eye on who appeared mid january and immediately immersed in editing the black fraternities and of course sigma pi phi . user also seems quite familiar with wiki policies , creating templates and categories , etc . a great feat for a new user . 18:37 , 27
0.013587454
january 2007 tc please keep an eye on who appeared mid january and immediately immersed in editing the black fraternities and of course sigma pi phi user also seems quite familiar with wiki policies creating templates and categories etc a great feat for a new user 1837 27 
0.01118237
utc

i agree with these three recommendations . the discussion concerning mcluhan is highly misleading and belongs somewhere else . a more reasonable history of modern rhetoric might look more like this : 1 . wichelns and the neo-aristotelian tradition ; 2 . burke ( especially identification ); 3 . perelman and olbrechts-tyteca ; 4 . edwin black and the break w/neo-aristotelianism ; 5 . the 1960's and social movements ; 6 . postmodern trends and influences ( raymie mckerrow , foucault , derrida , etc . ) 7 . recent prominent developments ( the rhetoric of ... ; mcgee and ideographs ; marxist influences ( althusser , cloud , etc . ) , prophetic rhetoric ( darsey ) , etc .
0.035398867
i agree with these three recommendations the discussion concerning mcluhan is highly misleading and belongs somewhere else a more reasonable history of modern rhetoric might look more like this 1 wichelns and the neoaristotelian tradition 2 burke especially identification 3 perelman and olbrechtstyteca 4 edwin blak and the break wneoaristotelianism 5 the 1960s and social movements 6 postmodern trends and influences raymie mckerrow foucault derrida etc 7 recent prominent developments the rhetoric of mcgee and ideographs marxist influences althusser cloud etc prophetic rhetoric darsey etc 
0.01913481
black

= = hey bitch = = you are the biggest faggot ever ! i know you like that cock in ypur ass and all but do you even feel it anymore or is it like throwing a hotdog down a hallway ? oh yeah by the way your aunt just called she says she wants you out of her basement and she wants you to get a real job you little bitch and one more thing i heard you weigh 422 pounds ive got a tip ... get active and eat subway you little bitch !
0.95867157
hey btich you are the biggest faggot ever i know you like that cock in ypur ass and all but do you even feel it anymore or is it like throwing a hotdog down a hallway oh yeah by the way your aunt just called she says she wants you out of her basement and she wants you to get a real job you little b i t c h and one more thing i heard you weigh 422 pounds ive got a tip get active and eat subway you little bith 
0.8924185
bitch

