= = kurdistan ? = = kurdistan is not a geo-political region . there's a region called kurdistan in iraq . there's a region called kurdistan in iran . there's no region called kurdistan in turkey . that's akin to placing an algeristan in france , and making an article that treats it like a country . there are some country articles on wiki that list less facts than a supposed region . kurds are a minority in turkey , just like the hispanics in usa or algerians in france . as ludicrous as it would seem to place a mexicistan or algeristan on those countries where those minorities are heavily populated in , it is to list a kurdistan that includes turkish territory . as long as we don't declare san diego mexicistan , which mexico actually did own at one point and not just have a ripped-up treaty claiming it , it is equally ridiculous to list kurdistan in turkey . in iraq , a country that was set up by the british merging 3 territories , a region called kurdistan warrants an article , as the kurds were just placed together with other ethnicities by a colonizing force . but i call bs on turkey being listed under kurdistan , as turkey does not have a region named kurdistan , and kurds are turkish citizens , not living under a kurdish state like in iraq , whom prints their own passports and such .
0.22409943
kurdistan kurdistan is not a geopolitical region theres a region called kurdistan in iraq theres a region called kurdistan in iran theres no region called kurdistan in turkey thats akin to placing an algeristan in france and making an article that treats it like a country there are some country articles on wiki that list less facts than a supposed region kurds are a minority in turkey just like the hispanics in usa or algerians in france as ludicrus as it would seem to place a mexicistan or algeristan on those countries where those minorities are heavily populated in it is to list a kurdistan that includes turkish territory as long as we dont declare san diego mexicistan which mexico actually did own at one point and not just have a rippedup treaty claiming it it is equally ridiculous to list kurdistan in turkey in iraq a country that was set up by the british merging 3 territories a region called kurdistan warrants an article as the kurds were just placed together with other ethnicities by a colonizing force but i call bs on turkey being listed under kurdistan as turkey does not have a region named kurdistan and kurds are turkish citizens not living under a kurdish state like in iraq whom prints their own passports and such 
0.21257359
ludicrous

= = her looks = = in my opinion , leah remini is still hot with awesome personality as seen on mtv cribs . she is hilarious especially at the ending of cribs . i won't say what she was doing as some may have not seen the ep but watch it . anyway , she may not be as gorgeous as she was when the show first aired , but i still think she is hot . and that's natural as she has had kids and she has gotten older , but she is still very pretty in my opinion and i like a woman with a little extra meat on her . well , i'm black so that's natural but yea .
0.08474165
her looks in my opinion leah remini is still hot with awesome personality as seen on mtv cribs she is hilarious especially at the ending of cribs i wont say what she was doing as some may have not seen the ep but watch it anyway she may not be as gorgeous as she was when the show first aired but i still think she is hot and thats natural as she has had kids and she has gotten older but she is still very pretty in my opinion and i like a woman with a little extra meat on her well im blac so thats natural but yea 
0.0715388
black

= = wow = = holy fuck this girl is hot as hell . i know we aren't supposed to put things like this on talk pages , so you can delete this , but seriously man . instant boner whenever i see her . and i'm not even black or anything , nor do i have some kind of black fetish . just wow .
0.87946194
wow holy fuk this girl is hot as hell i know we arent supposed to put things like this on talk pages so you can delete this but seriously man instant boner whenever i see her and im not even black or anything nor do i have some kind of black fetish just wow 
0.8692615
fuck

you are right , and that is hard when you are writing an article for a celebrity , wouldent you agree ?
0.044003714
you are right and that is had when you are writing an article for a celebrity wouldent you agree 
0.042255867
hard

= = arbitration - do we need it ? = = after some good sleep , i've looked at our arbcom case from another perspective . it's , in fact , a war about a couple of links . well , the arbitration will start in 20 hours , but i'd like to suggest the last proposal : every participant recuses himself from editing the links in questioned pages for a few months , and we just leave that to other editors . the arbcom will accept the case , but , well , a peaceful solution might be better . i've posted more on wikipedia : requests for arbitration #a different view . just think about that and about whether you really need arbitration ; and , if you agree with that , just sign there . it's the last chance for a peaceful resolution . thanks in advance ! |wikipedia neutrality project|
0.014654646
arbitration do we need it after some good sleep ive looked at our arbcom case from another perspective its in fact a wa about a couple of links well the arbitration will start in 20 hours but id like to suggest the last proposal every participant recuses himself from editing the links in questioned pages for a few months and we just leave that to other editors the arbcom will accept the case but well a peaceful solution might be better ive posted more on wikipedia requests for arbitration a different view just think about that and about whether you really need arbitration and if you agree with that just sign there its the last chance for a peaceful resolution thanks in advance wikipedia neutrality project 
0.011125464
war

how would a shotgun be in middle earth ? blog ?
0.27120277
how would a shogun be in middle earth blog 
0.06959912
shotgun

= = sprotected = = your page because of vandalism . let me know when you want it lifted . cheers
0.20115289
sprotected your page because of vandalism et me know when you want it lifted cheers 
0.14844531
let

= = hate speech ban = = most countries in western europe ( like britain ) , plus some others , like canada and australia have bans on hate speech , as well as on some forms of demonstrations and rallies along similar lines . there is a page on wikipedia that mentions this . wouldn't countries with laws such as those be less than entireley free if certain speech is prohibited ?
0.124987155
hate speech ban most countries in western europe like britain plus some others like canada and australia have bans on hate speech as well as on some forms of demonstrations and ralies along similar lines there is a page on wikipedia that mentions this wouldnt countries with laws such as those be less than entireley free if certain speech is prohibited 
0.10445091
rallies

= = arranged by host = = to make for easy section handling and links .
0.01428339
arranged by ost to make for easy section handling and links 
0.004754478
host

:: i was just passing by and got distracted by the shiny , nice !
0.062440705
i was just passing by and got dstracted by the shiny nice 
0.04764818
distracted

third-party reliable sources . no exceptions . could u explain what that meens , sorry for being annoying but i want to get this topic up and i have many sources that i can give , and i can find some just tell me what i need please .
0.072324894
thirdparty reliable sources no exceptions could u explain what that meens sorry for being anoying but i want to get this topic up and i have many sources that i can give and i can find some just tell me what i need please 
0.051635027
annoying

crying coral made mike the miz , rachel , jisella all cry i think at some point . interesting stuff , wouldn't you say ?
0.037418183
crying coral made mike the miz rachel jisella all ry i think at some point interesting stuff wouldnt you say 
0.033951588
cry

= = wikipedia : articles_for_deletion/terrorists_of_pakistani_origin = = here is some additional information regarding your view on wikipedia : articles_for_deletion/terrorists_of_pakistani_origin . i request you to take a look . : comment : terrorism : random or correlated ? has claimed that it is a random event that some individuals of pakistani descent are terrorist . please see the following . :: articles :: terrorism pipeline flows to pakistan , chicago tribune , august 13 , 2006 :: pakistan missing link in extremist battle , sydney morning herald , august 14 , 2006 , :: just whose side is pakistan really on ? the sunday times - britain , august 13 , 2006 :: pakistan’s help in averting a terror attack is a double-edged sword , new york times , august 12 , 2006 :: books :: book : pakistan's drift into extremism : allah , the army , and america's war on terror , hassan abbas , jessica stern :: book : pakistan : eye of the storm , owen bennett jones :: book : pakistan : between mosque and military , by husain haqqani :: other :: congressional briefing : rep. mckinney 9/11 congressional briefing ::: :: may i also suggest another article . the history of britain's mirpur population may help to explain why some became suicide bombers , madeleine bunting , guardian , july 18 , 2005 :
0.04439836
wikipedia articlesfordeletionterroristsofpakistaniorigin here is some additional information regarding your view on wikipedia articlesfordeletionterroristsofpakistaniorigin i request you to take a look comment terrorism random or correlated has claimed that it is a random event that some individuals of pakistani descent are terroris please see the following articles terrorism pipeline flows to pakistan chicago tribune august 13 2006 pakistan missing link in extremist battle sydney morning herald august 14 2006 just whose side is pakistan really on the sunday times britain august 13 2006 pakistan’s help in averting a terror attack is a doubleedged sword new york times august 12 2006 books book pakistans drift into extremism allah the army and americas war on terror hassan abbas jessica stern book pakistan eye of the storm owen bennett jones book pakistan between mosque and military by husain haqqani other congressional briefing rep mckinney 911 congressional briefing may i also suggest another article the history of britains mirpur population may help to explain why some became suicide bombers madeleine bunting guardian july 18 2005 
0.031338137
terrorist

