= = thanks ! = = thank you
0.016920354
thank thank you 
0.0068828617
thanks

i've encountered this wonderful and dedicated wikipedian already , and looks like he's locked in on you now . being responsible for your own actions is his tagline . best just to let him put whatever he wants on your talk page and completely ignore him . seriously , it's not worth it .
0.1180852
ive encountered this wonderful and dedicated wikipedian already and looks like hes locked in on you now being responsible for your own actions is his tagline best just to let him put whatever he wants on your talk page and completely ignoe him seriously its not worth it 
0.11354573
ignore

= = was elvis blond ? = = just wondering if its true , i once heard the rumour that he dyed his hair black for some reasson .
0.30868864
was elvis blond just wondering if its true i once heard the rumour that he dyed his hair blac for some reasson 
0.17937148
black

july 2006 ( utc ) :: yes . = = = let the fa commenting begin ! = = = we have five versions , some based on others . what we need are comments about accuracy , npov , and verifiability . = = = comments of mcconn's version = = = = = = comments on fire star's additions = = = = = = comments on samuel's version = = = = = = comments on kent8888's version = = = ( refactored from above section ) i like kent's version , but find it a bit skimpy and lacking in needed citations . = = = comments on tomananda's version = = = ( refactored from above section ) this is a highly controversial topic and since all my previous suggestions were rejected by falun gong practitioners , i am willing to approve this modified version . using kent's paragraph as a base , this version cites all the needed sources and manages , in a short paragraph to cover the basics . it also hints at the controversy about who exactly will be eliminated in the fa-rectrification , without trying to give an answer ( so that people will feel inspired to read further in a daughter article . ) 00:46 , 24
0.03189834
july 2006 utc yes let the fa commenting begin we have five versions some based on others what we need are comments about accuracy npov and verifiability comments of mcconns version comments on fie stars additions comments on samuels version comments on kent8888s version refactored from above section i like kents version but find it a bit skimpy and lacking in needed citations comments on tomanandas version refactored from above section this is a highly controversial topic and since all my previous suggestions were rejected by falun gong practitioners i am willing to approve this modified version using kents paragraph as a base this version cites all the needed sources and manages in a short paragraph to cover the basics it also hints at the controversy about who exactly will be eliminated in the farectrification without trying to give an answer so that people will feel inspired to read further in a daughter article 0046 24 
0.020731857
fire

thank you for experimenting with the page islam on wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.03588015
thank you for experimenting with the page islam on wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a lok at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.03451829
look

: humblegod likes to fuck his horny cousins !
0.9525335
humblegod likes to fuk his horny cousins 
0.922901
fuck

:::: you're the one who said you didn't want a scientific article ! you wanted an article about how the words are actually used throughout histsory . thus i found an actual legal definition from the world's sole super power at the start of the 21st century and you take it out just because you don't agree with it . and yet you allow all this unreferenced unofficial crap about non-african blacks even while complaining about no references ? that's completely hypocritical !
0.52482647
youre the one who said you didnt want a scientific article you wanted an article about how the words are actually used throughout histsory thus i found an actual legal definition from the worlds sole super power at the start of the 21st century and you take it out just because you dont agree with it and yet you allow all this unreferenced unofficial crp about nonafrican blacks even while complaining about no references thats completely hypocritical 
0.3618809
crap

you're not tell me how ? i need to know how . i don't see any evidence of personal attacks .
0.22674602
youre not tell me how i need to know how i dont see any evidence of personal ttacks 
0.15504274
attacks

you continue with the angle that you are capabable of npov . no one is is capable of npov regarding a political isssue here in the us at this time but least of all you . one has only to read your contributions to see that you clearly have no interest in neutrality . i have admited my pov from day one while everyone conservative has to have the rock they hide under lifted . ( see ai . kefu ) the game at hand here now is how much truth can be added by the liberal p'sov before it is sanitized and censored by the conservative side . there should be no pretense of neutrality here or on any other political site just a much more modest goal of contributors finding some semblance of balance between the two distinct p'sov in the overall article . there is no way the article can remain fluffy with no mention of her deeds and or disdain from the entire black community and the other communities of whom civil rights are trampled on . i just wish the large negative view about a condi would stop being sanitized summarily . if you cannot admit that neutrality is impossible from you or any other conservative or liberal contributor then the conversation we are pretending to have can come to a quick cessation and we can just agree to disagree so we can resume with the rapid fire edit/revert/bashing/revert/censorship ... activity that will lead to the ultimate freezing of the article
0.12252385
you continue with the angle that you are capabable of npov no one is is capable of npov regarding a political isssue here in the us at this time but least of all you one has only to read your contributions to see that you clearly have no interest in neutrality i have admited my pov from day one while everyone conservative has to have the rock they hide under lifted see ai kefu the game at hand here now is how much truth can be added by the liberal psov before it is sanitized and censored by the conservative side there should be no pretense of neutrality here or on any other political site just a much more modest goal of contributors finding some semblance of balance between the two distinct psov in the overall article there is no way the article can remain fluffy with no mention of her deeds and or disdain from the entire blck community and the other communities of whom civil rights are trampled on i just wish the large negative view about a condi would stop being sanitized summarily if you cannot admit that neutrality is impossible from you or any other conservative or liberal contributor then the conversation we are pretending to have can come to a quick cessation and we can just agree to disagree so we can resume with the rapid fire editrevertbashingrevertcensorship activity that will lead to the ultimate freezing of the article 
0.07411828
black

itsmejudith , if you know any modern source i can look up to find the similar statements , please let me know . i'll get the book from library and replace the quote myself . i don't want to ' sneak ' something into the article , i swear by god . jewish encyclopedia does have pov . making connection between ' how one group of people treat the others ' and ' their ancestors ' are made in bible ( not by me ) . it might seem strange , but that's how bible views things ( forgive me if i'm wrong ) . now , i found it interesting to include this pov into the article ( i.e. this connection between muslims and jews ) . mainmoinds refers to muslims as ishmaelies ( if i am correct ) . itsmejudith , i've been subject to a harsh block for reasons which i still don't know . i was accused of all kinds of imaginable crimes in wikipedia , ranging from nationalism bigotry related crimes to harrassment , disruption and personal attacks + several kinds of humuliations and getting ignored from the blocking admin on the top of it . i am exhausted ; it is up to you guys ... decide whatever you wish for this section and act upon it .
0.10780936
itsmejudith if you know any modern source i can look up to find the similar statements please let me know ill get the book from library and replace the quote myself i dont want to sneak something into the article i swear by god jewish encyclopedia does have pov making connection between how one group of people treat the others and their ancestors are made in bible not by me it might seem strange but thats how bible views things forgive me if im wrong now i found it interesting to include this pov into the article ie this connection between muslims and jes mainmoinds refers to muslims as ishmaelies if i am correct itsmejudith ive been subject to a harsh block for reasons which i still dont know i was accused of all kinds of imaginable crimes in wikipedia ranging from nationalism bigotry related crimes to harrassment disruption and personal attacks several kinds of humuliations and getting ignored from the blocking admin on the top of it i am exhausted it is up to you guys decide whatever you wish for this section and act upon it 
0.0979814
jews

what a complete and utter waste of time .
0.5036439
what a complete and utter wate of time 
0.4064098
waste

= = random indefinite block = =
0.05393019
random indefinite bloc 
0.009874563
block

: proving a negative is devilishly difficult . that is why the burden of proof is on the one making the claim . state a reliable source verifying the claim that there is no mention whatever of act in any protocol or recommendation of any of the organizations mentioned . moreover , cite a source verifying the claim that mention of a group in a protocol or recommendation constitutes recognition or acceptance by these organizations . cite a source even to verify the claim that any of the groups mentioned recognize or accept advocacy groups as a matter of policy . most especially , cite a reliable source that recognition by these groups is a requirement to be a part of the mainstream of the mental health professional community ( or even what that community is ) . most especially , cite a reliable source for the claim that act's advice is not sought by these groups , nor intended to be so by the organizations mentioned . : without verifiability of the statements made , the entire section must go , and i am prepared to delete it . it can be reinstated when verification is found . :
0.027566306
proving a negative is devilishly difficult that is why the burden of proof is on the one making the claim state a reliable source verifying the claim that there is no mention whatever of act in any protocol or recommendation of any of the organizations mentioned moreover cite a source verifying the claim that mention of a group in a protocol or recommendation constitutes recognition or acceptance by these organizations cite a source even to verify the claim that any of the groups mentioned recognize or accept advocacy groups as a matter of policy most especially cite a reliable source that recognition by these groups is a requirement to be a part of the mainstream of the metal health professional community or even what that community is most especially cite a reliable source for the claim that acts advice is not sought by these groups nor intended to be so by the organizations mentioned without verifiability of the statements made the entire section must go and i am prepared to delete it it can be reinstated when verification is found 
0.021126075
mental

: i'm sure there are many but they have already been driven off in frustration
0.20371209
im sure there are many but they have already been driven off in frustraton 
0.15873986
frustration

= = conrad devonshire = = he's a proven sockpuppetter , i've added the link to the ' sockpuppets of ... ' page , would have done it earlier but it took me half an hour to figure out how .
0.15812048
conrad devonshire hes a proven sockpuppetter ive added the link to the sockpupets of page would have done it earlier but it took me half an hour to figure out how 
0.05276556
sockpuppets

= = wikiproject indigenous peoples of north america newsletter - july ' 06 = = {| style = border-spacing : 8px ; margin : 0px -8px width = 100% |class = mainpagebg style = width : 55% ; border : 1px solid #a3b0bf ; background-color : #fffff3 ; vertical-align : top ; color : #000 | {| width = 100% cellpadding = 2 cellspacing = 5 style = vertical-align : top ; background-color : #fffff3 ! the indigenous peoples of north america portal |- | style = color : #000 |the indigenous peoples of north america portal has been established , as a starting point for those wishing to learn more about the subject , with information and links on a wide variety of issues . it also contains news regarding the continent's various tribes and nations . it's a graphically pleasing site , and everyone is encouraged to check it out . |- ! home page reorganization |- |style = color : #000 | the project's home page has a new design , featuring tabbed subpages on participants , templates , articles , categories , and the to do list . |- ! article classification move |- |style = color : #000 |the article classification lists have been moved to their own subpage due to size . this is a sign of progress in the ongoing work of this project . |- ! new talk page template |- |style = color : #000 | the project's talk page template has been updated , along with the classification system , to include the assessment on the talk pages of the articles that have been classified and assessed . |- |} |class = mainpagebg style = width : 45% ; border : 1px solid #afa3bf ; background-color : #ddcef2 ; vertical-align : top | {| width = 100% cellpadding = 2 cellspacing = 5 style = vertical-align : top ; background-color : #faf5ff ! balance |- |style = color : #000 | as the project reaches its first six months of activity , the great effort all of you have invested in it has turned the vast information available on indigenous north american topics from a deorganized cumulous into an excellent and easy to consult database . although much work is still in order , few wikiprojects are able to obtain the amazing results we are proud to show today . to all of you , thank you and congratulations ! |- ! what you can do to help |- |style = color : #000 |the assessment of articles within the scope of the project is still an ongoing process . we need people to help in this who are not contributors to the articles they are assessing . also , there is the ongoing need for identifying and cataloguing articles that fall within the scope of this project . as of today , nearly 1,500 have been identified within the project's scope . |- !
0.005611904
wikiproject indigenous peples of north america newsletter july 06 style borderspacing 8px margin 0px 8px width 100 class mainpagebg style width 55 border 1px solid a3b0bf backgroundcolor fffff3 verticalalign top color 000 width 100 cellpadding 2 cellspacing 5 style verticalalign top backgroundcolor fffff3 the indigenous p e o p l e s of north america portal style color 000 the indigenous peples of north america portal has been established as a starting point for those wishing to learn more about the subject with information and links on a wide variety of issues it also contains news regarding the continents various tribes and nations its a graphically pleasing site and everyone is encouraged to check it out home page reorganization style color 000 the projects home page has a new design featuring tabbed subpages on participants templates articles categories and the to do list article classification move style color 000 the article classification lists have been moved to their own subpage due to size this is a sign of progress in the ongoing work of this project new talk page template style color 000 the projects talk page template has been updated along with the classification system to include the assessment on the talk pages of the articles that have been classified and assessed class mainpagebg style width 45 border 1px solid afa3bf backgroundcolor ddcef2 verticalalign top width 100 cellpadding 2 cellspacing 5 style verticalalign top backgroundcolor faf5ff balance style color 000 as the project reaches its first six months of activity the great effort all of you have invested in it has turned the vast information available on indigenous north american topics from a deorganized cumulous into an excellent and easy to consult database although much work is still in order few wikiprojects are able to obtain the amazing results we are proud to show today to all of you thank you and congratulations what you can do to help style color 000 the assessment of articles within the scope of the project is still an ongoing process we need people to help in this who are not contributors to the articles they are assessing also there is the ongoing need for identifying and cataloguing articles that fall within the scope of this project as of today nearly 1500 have been identified within the projects scope 
0.0034558084
peoples

stfu and kiss my asshole
0.95147693
stfu and kiss my asshol 
0.5623518
asshole

= = no more = = i will no longer be vandalizing wikipedia or its userpages . i have being doing so for months , mostly because seeing my vandalism or that of others was funny as hell ( user x got swallowed by a wale is hilarious , come on ) and to punish admins who i felt . my non constructive edits were done out of boredom , especially those containing racial slurs . ( i am not racist , in fact i am racially mixed myself ) i started editing on wikipedia ( specifically the u of l page ) mainly out of a ' cold war ' that developed betw myself & u of l's marketing director , which escalated after i was featured in the herald leader critising his marketing of u of l . i wanted to show president ramsey how to market the new u of l and wikipedia was my penpad to this end . my vandalism started after a edit conflict over the courier journal's sports and editorial coverage , where my ( what i felt were ) legitment edits on the page for c-j critism were removed and i was blasted . after another c-j my account was blocked . prior to this i had many good edits on ky related pages , which i am proud of . i feel that my work here is now complete and i will only edit in exiting new facts i find out or breaking news . the louisville vandal/unemployed , living in basement/brando03/many others
0.22365661
no more i will no longer be vandalizing wikipedia or its userpages i have being doing so for months mostly because seeing my vandalism or that of others was funny as hll user x got swallowed by a wale is hilarious come on and to punish admins who i felt my non constructive edits were done out of boredom especially those containing racial slurs i am not racist in fact i am racially mixed myself i started editing on wikipedia specifically the u of l page mainly out of a cold war that developed betw myself u of ls marketing director which escalated after i was featured in the herald leader critising his marketing of u of l i wanted to show president ramsey how to market the new u of l and wikipedia was my penpad to this end my vandalism started after a edit conflict over the courier journals sports and editorial coverage where my what i felt were legitment edits on the page for cj critism were removed and i was blasted after another cj my account was blocked prior to this i had many good edits on ky related pages which i am proud of i feel that my work here is now complete and i will only edit in exiting new facts i find out or breaking news the louisville vandalunemployed living in basementbrando03many others 
0.14652209
hell

