= = bindrunes ? colons ? = = should this article have a section regarding the runic usage of colons ? for example , often : runic : inscriptions : appear : like : this : on rune stones , plus the colon practice has even survived to this day in some germanic countries , where sometimes you will find words framed with colons in a similar way . what about bindrunes ? maybe bindrunes deserve their own article , or perhaps not , but it'd be good to see a complete history of the bindrunes . i know that they were also used during the middle ages , as well as commonly as bomarke which later spread to portugal , as someone mentioned here .
0.02479058
bindrunes colons should this article have a section regarding the runic usage of colons for example often runic inscriptions appear like this on rune stones plus the colon practice has even survived to this day in some germanic countries where sometimes you will find words framed with colons in a similar way what about bindrunes maybe bindrunes deseve their own article or perhaps not but itd be good to see a complete history of the bindrunes i know that they were also used during the middle ages as well as commonly as bomarke which later spread to portugal as someone mentioned here 
0.017248757
deserve

:: you're both welcome , of course ! i wonder what they do it for too , but i always take user page vandalism as a sign that that user is obviously doing something good ;-) e
0.12936941
youre both welcome of course i wonder what they do it for too but i always take user page vandaism as a sign that that user is obviously doing something good e 
0.05271994
vandalism

i dont get it this is the first time i have been on this site and i get acusations thrown at me !
0.25418591
i dont gdt it this is the first time i have been on this site and i et acusations thrown at me 
0.16543745
get

please dont delete articles unnecessarily
0.09698592
please dnt delete articles unnecessarily 
0.08361263
dont

= = 3rr = = you have also broken the spirit of 3rr and blatantly abused your admin powers by reverting to your preferred pov version with your revert button . please do not preach to me or pontificate with your sermons .
0.26236647
3rr you have also broken the spirit of 3rr and blatantly abused your admi powers by reverting to your preferred pov version with your revert button please do not preach to me or pontificate with your sermons 
0.22680078
admin

welcome ! hello , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are a few good links for newcomers : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you have any questions , check out wikipedia : where to ask a question or ask me on my talk page . again , welcome ! 2000
0.007718778
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here are a few good links for newcomers the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sig your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you have any questions check out wikipedia where to ask a question or ask me on my talk page again welcome 2000 
0.0054878457
sign

welcome ! hello , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are a few good links for newcomers : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you have any questions , check out wikipedia : where to ask a question or ask me on my talk page . again , welcome !
0.009240244
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here ae a few good links for newcomers the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you have any questions check out wikipedia where to ask a question or ask me on my talk page again welcome 
0.005783212
are

this message is regarding the page yeshua . thanks for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and has been removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing . thanks .
0.012275571
this message is regarding the page yeshua thanks for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and has been removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you woul like to learn more about contributing thanks 
0.011604869
would

please do not replace wikipedia pages with blank content . blank pages are harmful to wikipedia because they have a tendency to confuse readers . if it is a duplicate article , please redirect it to an appropriate existing page . if the page has been vandalised , please revert it to the last legitimate version . if you feel that the content of a page is inappropriate , please edit the page and replace it with appropriate content . if you believe there is no hope for the page , please see the deletion policy for how to proceed . thanks for contributing to wikipedia !
0.059677333
please do not replace wikipedia pages with blank content blank pages are harmful to wikipedia because they have a tendency to confuse readers if it is a duplicate article please redirect it to an appropriate existing page if the page has been vndalised please revert it to the last legitimate version if you feel that the content of a page is inappropriate please edit the page and replace it with appropriate content if you believe there is no hope for the page please see the deletion policy for how to proceed thanks for contributing to wikipedia 
0.054031722
vandalised

: for more information on why your edits are being reverted , please see wikipedia's neutral point of view policy . -
0.029957483
for more information on why your edits ar being reverted please see wikipedias neutral point of view policy 
0.022974152
are

china thanks for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks .
0.01351081
china thanks for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a lok at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks 
0.0127001535
look

not sure i completely agree . you seem to be assuming rational behaviour on the part of consumers , whereas we often buy goods and services on the basis of irrational choices ( cigarette , anyone ? ) . the result of this is inelastic demand for goods and services to which people have some sort of emotional attachment or addiction - that is , if gas prices go up by 1000% , consumption may only drop 10% . the big increase in gas prices in the uk in the 1990s caused protests - but gas consumption and miles driven by car drivers continued to increase . indeed , the trend in the uk is now towards large and inefficient 4 wheel drive vehicles .
0.015912103
not sure i completely agree you seem to be assuming rational behaviour on the part of consumers whereas we often buy goods and services on the basis of irratinal choices cigarette anyone the result of this is inelastic demand for goods and services to which people have some sort of emotional attachment or addiction that is if gas prices go up by 1000 consumption may only drop 10 the big increase in gas prices in the uk in the 1990s caused protests but gas consumption and miles driven by car drivers continued to increase indeed the trend in the uk is now towards large and inefficient 4 wheel drive vehicles 
0.011015301
irrational

* most peasants had jewish names stemming from religious associations , i.e. , the apostles and early saints . therefore that point means very little . my point , amongst other points , was whether a peasant could spell or not , didn't mean that they didn't have a name . and that name for an unmarried lithuanian girl with the surname skavronskis , would be skavronaite . wikipedia ( english version ) , says zhirinovsky's original last name was eidelshtein , so it might not really be a blow to him . besides , you claimed not to track russian politics . what's the truth ? now , now , mikka it's a sin to tell a lie . incidentally , i notice that neither you , nor ghirl , bothered to to respond to the mikhail muravyov aspect of my argument . i truly believe his actions , which were policy in imperial russia , are representative of the problem , and at the heart of the matter , i.e. , russification of names , geographical locations , etc ., and of its people and provinces . so the historcal record would be skewed by this russification . evidently this mentality did not die with imperial russia .
0.117244504
most peasants had jewish names stemming from religious associations ie the apostles and early saints therefore that point means very little my point amongst other points was whether a peasant could spell or not didnt mean that they didnt have a name and that name for an unmarried lithuanian girl with the surname skavronskis would be skavronaite wikipedia english version says zhirinovskys original last name was eidelshtein so it might not really be a low to him besides you claimed not to track russian politics whats the truth now now mikka its a sin to tell a lie incidentally i notice that neither you nor ghirl bothered to to respond to the mikhail muravyov aspect of my argument i truly believe his actions which were policy in imperial russia are representative of the problem and at the heart of the matter ie russification of names geographical locations etc and of its people and provinces so the historcal record would be skewed by this russification evidently this mentality did not die with imperial russia 
0.08556926
blow

= = communist bastard = = i have nothing more .
0.90162617
communist astard i have nothing more 
0.39462242
bastard

= = joey jordison = = this message is regarding the page joey jordison . thanks for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and has been removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing . thanks .
0.019194912
joey jordison this message is regarding the page joey jordison thanks for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and has been removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a lok at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing thanks 
0.014228197
look

welcome ! hello , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are a few good links for newcomers : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style * news about the site i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you have any questions , check out wikipedia : where to ask a question or ask me on my talk page . again , welcome !
0.0091234045
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to say here are a few good links for newcomers the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style news about the site i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you have any questions check out wikipedia where to ask a question or ask me on my talk page again welcome 
0.0062511275
stay

i do not agree that what i am doing is besmirching . i am merely recounting my side of the story . if you would like to discuss which portion you find degrading , mention it and it will be considered .
0.11243492
i do not agree that what i am doing is besmirching i am merely recounting my side of the story if you would like to discuss which portion you find dgrading mention it and it will be considered 
0.07577327
degrading

