i've been on here for the past hour . haven't evaded a thing . look at my history report as well as the length of my last written subject
0.018930621
ive been on here for the past hour havent evaded a thing look at my history report as well as the length of my lst written subject 
0.01768147
last

' → units &/or links bobblewik : i like to ensure that the reader sees a space . in the past , i tried to go a step further and add nbsp but i ended up making too many mistakes and it is much more complicated and slow . so now i just concentrate on the main task of correcting the absence of a visible space . if you would like to convert the visible space from one type to another , i would be happy to assist you . i have helped other editors in that . i would also be happy to discuss formats in general in your project page if you want to copy this discussion there . regards → units &/or links - wtf ? delarge :: sorry , what ? you'd rather do a half-assed job because it's quicker and easier than doing it properly , but if i want to spend my time trawling around after you tidying up your goofs you'd be happy to assist ? how noble of you . do you realise what a selfish ass you just sounded like ? ' → units &/or links - rude comment deleted bobblewik remaining conversation continued here ... hi , i deleted your recent comment on my talk page because i considered it to be rude . the loss of a chance to debate the technical issues you raised was a shame . i think we are both trying to improve matters of style . furthermore , we appear to agree on many of those matters . i am copying your comments to wp : mosnum so that the substantive issues that you raised can be debated more widely . that seems to be me to be a good place . see you there . : how ironic . i considered it rude of you to dismiss a constructive suggestion on the basis that doing things the right way was too difficult and slow for you . like i said , you'd rather do a half-assed job because it's quicker and easier than doing it properly . in future , expect your edits to be rolled back summarily - your dismissive attitude deserves to be reciprocated .
0.45983478
→ units or links bobblewik i like to ensure that the reader sees a space in the past i tried to go a step further and add nbsp but i ended up making too many mistakes and it is much more complicated and slow so now i just concentrate on the main task of correcting the absence of a visible space if you would like to convert the visible space from one type to another i would be happy to assist you i have helped other editors in that i would also be happy to discuss formats in general in your project page if you want to copy this discussion there regards → units or links wtf delarge sorry what youd rather do a halfassed job because its quicker and easier than doing it properly but if i want to spend my time trawling around after you tidying up your goofs youd be happy to assist how noble of you do you realise what a elfish ass you just sounded like → units or links rude comment deleted bobblewik remaining conversation continued here hi i deleted your recent comment on my talk page because i considered it to be rude the loss of a chance to debate the technical issues you raised was a shame i think we are both trying to improve matters of style furthermore we appear to agree on many of those matters i am copying your comments to wp mosnum so that the substantive issues that you raised can be debated more widely that seems to be me to be a good place see you there how ironic i considered it rude of you to dismiss a constructive suggestion on the basis that doing things the right way was too difficult and slow for you like i said youd rather do a halfassed job because its quicker and easier than doing it properly in future expect your edits to be rolled back summarily your dismissive attitude deserves to be reciprocated 
0.4070391
selfish

: i say go for it , you can't see much from the crash site picture anyways , and the map does a much better job at showing where it actually happened . browsing through the agência brasil site ( which by the way is seriously bogged down following the general elections yesterday ) , that one was the best one i could find . the wreckage was spread over a 20km radius and this is the largest chunk of wreckage found so far . —
0.036143523
i say go for it you cant see much from the crash site picture anyways and the map does a much better job at showing where it actually happened browsing through the agência brasil site which by the way is seriously ogged down following the general elections yesterday that one was the best one i could find the wreckage was spread over a 20km radius and this is the largest chunk of wreckage found so far — 
0.031041129
bogged

: maybe before you start making changes of your own you shoiuld check you facts . so excited is clearly at #2 , not 16 .
0.09593058
maybe before you start making changes of your wn you shoiuld check you facts so excited is clearly at 2 not 16 
0.076349474
own

= = tibet = = please do not add commercial links or links to your own private websites to wikipedia . wikipedia is not a vehicle for advertising or a mere collection of external links . you are , however , encouraged to add content instead of links to the encyclopedia . if you feel the link should be added to the article , then please discuss it on the article's talk page rather than re-adding it . see the welcome page to learn more about wikipedia . thank you . —
0.020539215
tibet please do not add commercial links or links to your own private websites to wikipedia wikipedia is not a vehicle for advertising or a mere collection of external links you are however encouraged to add content instead of links to the encyclopedia if you feel the link shuld be added to the article then please discuss it on the articles talk page rather than readding it see the welcome page to learn more about wikipedia thank you — 
0.018678201
should

: where does spooner attack wage labor vehemently ?
0.08395915
where does spooner atack wage labor vehemently 
0.057468288
attack

= = hi = = i cant seem to find the template for arbcom request ,
0.018456982
hi i cant seem to ind the template for arbcom request 
0.010728222
find

: half of it is pure quackery . that wouldn't be so bad if it didn't mix up the nonsense with the reasonable parts , the reader could still stick to the latter . but mixing up respectable 19th century scholarship , elst's tendentious speculations and complete loonies like frawley , knapp and anonymous websites makes it essentially useless . : oit supporters believe that the idea that sanskrit is a language originating with central asian nomadic people who have been described as primitive , is very improbable : — this is from frawley's sanskrit is supposed to be the language of primitive invaders , so first of all it belongs in the frawley section . what oit supporters ? schlegel ? and then frawley doesn't even himself call the invaders primitive , he alleges that ait supporters allege that invaders were primitive , so it remains unclear who has described indo-iranians as primitive in the first place . frawley doesn't understand the first or last thing about linguistics of course , he is just piling on rhetorics . therefore this article has just two possibilities : : * separate the loony stuff ( frawley , knapp and friends ) into a separate popular/religious literature section , and keep the main part focussed on scholarly discussion ( peer-reviewed linguistic journals and the like ) : * tag the whole article as pseudoscientific hindutva cateogry : propaganda and be done with it : but do not keep mixing up reasonable arguments with all this batshit .
0.33503142
half of it is pure quackery that wouldnt be so bad if it didnt mix up the nonsense with the reasonable parts the reader could still stick to the latter but mixing up respectable 19th century scholarship elsts tendentious speculations and complete loonies like frawley knapp and anonymous websites makes it essentially useless oit supporters believe that the idea that sanskrit is a language originating with central asian nomadic people who have been described as primitive is very improbable — this is from frawleys sanskrit is supposed to be the language of primitive invaders so first of all it belongs in the frawley section what oit supporters schlegel and then frawley doesnt even himself call the invaders primitive he alleges that ait supporters allege that invaders were primitive so it remains unclear who has described indoiranians as primitive in the first place frawley doesnt understand the first or last thing about linguistics of course he is just piling on rhetorics therefore this article has just two possibilities separate the loony stuff frawley knapp and friends into a separate popularreligious literature section and keep the main part focussed on scholarly discussion peerreviewed linguistic journals and the like tag the whole article as pseudoscientific hindutva cateogry propaganda and be done with it but do not keep mixing up reasonable arguments with all this batsht 
0.23616928
batshit

= = energy portal = = hi ! as a contributor to wikiproject energy development , i thought you might like to be aware of the opportunity to contribute to the new energy portal , now that there is one ... no need to reply .
0.009373253
energy portal hi as a contributor to wikiproject energy development i thought you might ike to be aware of the opportunity to contribute to the new energy portal now that there is one no need to reply 
0.0056975675
like

= = broken english = = well i am a native english speaker , i was born and raised in the bay area , i'm sorry if its not good enough for you , i am learning disabled i have dislexia and adhd and perhaps i cannot see the mistakes you see in my writing , but i think your completely reverting of my edits rather than copyediting is destructive and in poor taste , can we please collaberate instead ?
0.10352059
broken english well i am a native english speaker i was born and raised in the bay area im sorry if its not good enough for you i am learning disabled i have dislexia and adhd and perhaps i cannot see the mistakes you see in my writing but i think your completely reverting of my edits rather than copyediting is destructiv and in poor taste can we please collaberate instead 
0.081750385
destructive

my sources : * m . gast 1972 : témoignages nouveaux sur tin hinan , ancêtre légendaire des touareg ahaggar , revue de l'occident musulman et de la méditerranée , vol . 9 , pp . 395-400 * unesco general history of africa vol ii , ch . 20 * quotation unesco general history of africa , vol . iii , p . 125 excavations in abalessa brought to light a large quantity ot objects suggesting the existence of an old route between the southern morocco and the hoggar from the fourth century of the christian era ät a time when camels were in use .
0.027197452
my sources m gast 1972 témoignages nouveaux sur tin hinan ancêtre légendaire des touareg ahaggar revue de loccident musulman et de la méditerranée vol 9 pp 395400 unesco egneral history of africa vol ii ch 20 quotation unesco genera history of africa vol iii p 125 excavations in abalessa brought to light a large quantity ot objects suggesting the existence of an old route between the southern morocco and the hoggar from the fourth century of the christian era ät a time when camels were in use 
0.016437527
general

= = is wga really a spyware program ? = = how are you warrens ? i was wondering if you knew much about the microsoft wga program . i know there are a lot of people who think this program is spyware . my understanding was that it could be classified under this category because of how microsoft destributes it as a critical security update on windows update . not to mention the stories i have heard about the tool phoning home to microsoft on a regular basis . one other strange thing that i have been hearing from my friend about is people going and validating their pc on the microsoft download center to access a downolad . after the download is complete they run an antispyware program and find that the wga validation tool has caused a browser hijack attempt . i do not know if these stories would be good material for the wga article here on wikipedia . i am still searching the web to see if i can find evidence to back some of this up . i was also wondering if you had heard any of these strange stories yourself . please respond on my talk page and tell me what you think .
0.053322803
is wga really a spyware program how are you warrens i was wondering if you knew much about the microsoft wga program i know there are a lot of people who think this program is spyware my understanding was that it could be classified under this category because of how microsoft destributes it as a critical security update on windows update not to mention the stories i have heard about the tool phoning home to microsoft on a regular basis one other strange thing that i have been hearing from my friend about is people going and validating their pc on the microsoft download center to access a downolad after the download is complete they run an antispyware program and find that the wga validation tool has caused a browser hiack attempt i do not know if these stories would be good material for the wga article here on wikipedia i am still searching the web to see if i can find evidence to back some of this up i was also wondering if you had heard any of these strange stories yourself please respond on my talk page and tell me what you think 
0.03234975
hijack

::: exactly . if it was there you would have found it . i'm guessing there's some wrinke in the software . i see by the wikipedia : catalogue of css classes this function ( listed as navframe in the classes section ) is used by the experimental dynamic navigation bars code . experimental always makes me nervous !
0.013320979
exactly if it was there you would have found it im guessing theres some rinke in the software i see by the wikipedia catalogue of css classes this function listed as navframe in the classes section is used by the experimental dynamic navigation bars code experimental always makes me nervous 
0.011528807
wrinke

:::::::: amen , i'm about to go nuts . i wish we just were all sitting around a table . anyway , i've tried to do the best work i can with this . i hope we just get to something acceptable . i think having some uninvolved parties help us would be great . i can only hope we come up with a fair and neutral situation where everyone can be happy ( year right ) . well , i can hope . again , sorry for posting on your talk page if this is wrong again . regards .
0.08920332
amen im about to go nuts i wish we just were all sitting around a table anyway ive tried to do the best work i can with this i hope we just get to something acceptable i think having some uninvolved parties help us would be great i can only hope we come up with a fai and neutral situation where everyone can be happy year right well i can hope again sorry for posting on your talk page if this is wrong again regards 
0.08642888
fair

= = 3rr = = you are in danger of violating the three-revert rule on naked short selling . please cease further reverts or you may be blocked from further editing .
0.26144868
3rr you are in danger of violating the threerevert rule on nake short selling please cease further reverts or you may be blocked from further editing 
0.14338998
naked

= = needs a new pic = = this article needs a new picture , it seems to be too pixelated .
0.118702814
needs a new  pic this article needs a ne picture it seems to be too pixelated 
0.06693164
new

thanks for being an ass when i tried to help . cfhs grad .
0.58489674
thanks for being an as when i tried to help cfhs grad 
0.01156881
ass

= = user : sikh-history = = hi , i agree with you . unfortunately , due to personal commitment at sikhiwiki.org and in real life , i am not able to deal with this matter at present . this user appears to just deal with the meat issue only and has made no attempt to help build wikipedia or sikhi on wikipedia in any other area . i suggest that if you are familiar with any of the tools to deal with this person by contacting him directly or other means , please do so . i feel direct contact may be the best initial approach . unfortunately , i believe that i may have had some dealing with this person at sikhiwiki where he was very aggressive and was not prepared to provide any creditable references or any direct evidence . he and a few others at the sikh-history.com are bent on propagating their views without any backing from sggs or other recorded evidence . a lot of the sikh history is being twisted by these people at their site . they will go to any lengths to promote their views . for example , the sakhi of guru gobind singh and madho das ( banda bahadar ) has been twisted without any credible historical records been quoted or researched . unfortunately , i do not at present have the time to deal with these people but i think that their approach of promoting their views under the sikhism banner is deplorable and needs to be restrained . all the views promoted by sikhs must have a credible backing from sggs or other renowned scholars like bhai gurdas and we must be able to check these references or translation . these people have at one point said that 4 translations of sggs are wrong and their views are correct . i appreciate your concern and you have my support in dealing with this problem . as i am not very active at wikipedia at present , i would appreciate if you could leave a message at sikhiwiki on my user page here or email to : asikh@msn.com . many thanks .
0.048326727
user sikhhistory hi i agree with you unfortunately due to personal commitment at sikhiwikiorg and in real life i am not able to deal with this matter at present this user appears to just deal with the meat issue only and has made no attempt to help build wikipedia or sikhi on wikipedia in any other area i suggest that if you are familiar with any of the tools to deal with this person by contacting him directly or other means please do so i feel direct contact may be the best initial approach unfortunately i believe that i may have had some dealing with this person at sikhiwiki where he was very aggressive and was not prepared to provide any creditable references or any direct evidence he and a few others at the sikhhistorycom are bent on propagating their views without any backing from sggs or other recorded evidence a lot of the sikh history is being twisted by these people at their site they will go to any lengths to promote their views for example the sakhi of guru gobind singh and madho das banda bahadar has been twisted without any credible historical records been quoted or researched unfortunately i do not at present have the time to deal with these people but i think that their approach of promoting their views under the sikhism banner is delorable and needs to be restrained all the views promoted by sikhs must have a credible backing from sggs or other renowned scholars like bhai gurdas and we must be able to check these references or translation these people have at one point said that 4 translations of sggs are wrong and their views are correct i appreciate your concern and you have my support in dealing with this problem as i am not very active at wikipedia at present i would appreciate if you could leave a message at sikhiwiki on my user page here or email to asikhmsncom many thanks 
0.037050784
deplorable

: the reason why they are in this article , is because intel says that they are a part of sse3 . personally , you're more than welcome to write intel and tell them how useless most of sse3 is .
0.22579122
the reason why they are in this article is because intel says that they are a part of sse3 personally youre more than welcome to write intel and tell them how useles most of sse3 is 
0.077969566
useless

hey warrens , fuck you too . uncivil manner , means me trying to elaborate on my arguments and getting revert on revert that's what uncivil means . so yeah your a big winner champ and won't get banned . asshole . since the vista article contains information about the anti trust situation which , since it seems some people here have got a mouthful of gate's balls , is mislabelled anti trust controversy . not really a controversy though is it when a court elected by over two hundred million people issues a decision , it'a court ruling , like it or not there's no controversy too that . otherwise we should renaim the ted bundy trial , to the tend bundy controversy , since any court ruling merits this label . since there's a section on anti trust laws and vista , it's worth noting the recent news that microsoft are going to be paying a hefty daily fine for completely ignoring the court's injuction . and this does have bearing on vista . you can't quote the m.s. pr saying we don't know what they want us to do , it's all questions , or whatever else he mentioned , without an adjunct sentence , of the head official regulating the anti trust actions quoting him too saying that our injuctions are crystal clear yet ms has ignored them for over two years now . but of course this has no bearing if this article is supposed to be a showcase for vista . so like i said , if some fuckers had gone into the trouble of actually discussing any of that instead of reverted every single edit in a hitleric fashion , things would be different . but for now this stategy of being a hawk on an article i wish to keep in a certain way , and being completely uncivil and rude about it , merits from my part a roayl , fuck y's all , take your mouths off of gate's balls and then we can talk .
0.74363345
hey warrens fupck you too uncivil manner means me trying to elaborate on my arguments and getting revert on revert thats what uncivil means so yeah your a big winner champ and wont get banned asshole since the vista article contains information about the anti trust situation which since it seems some people here have got a mouthful of gates balls is mislabelled anti trust controversy not really a controversy though is it when a court elected by over two hundred million people issues a decision ita court ruling like it or not theres no controversy too that otherwise we should renaim the ted bundy trial to the tend bundy controversy since any court ruling merits this label since theres a section on anti trust laws and vista its worth noting the recent news that microsoft are going to be paying a hefty daily fine for completely ignoring the courts injuction and this does have bearing on vista you cant quote the ms pr saying we dont know what they want us to do its all questions or whatever else he mentioned without an adjunct sentence of the head official regulating the anti trust actions quoting him too saying that our injuctions are crystal clear yet ms has ignored them for over two years now but of course this has no bearing if this article is supposed to be a showcase for vista so like i said if some fuckers had gone into the trouble of actually discussing any of that instead of reverted every single edit in a hitleric fashion things would be different but for now this stategy of being a hawk on an article i wish to keep in a certain way and being completely uncivil and rude about it merits from my part a roayl fck ys all take your mouths off of gates balls and then we can talk 
0.55297595
fuck

