= = removal of external links per wp : el = = per [ wp : el ] , dennis king’s personal website and the ex-iwp website have been removed from the external links , wp : el advises against using personal websites except in the case of acknowledged experts ( king’s last published articles on newman are close to three decades old , and appeared in community newspapers ) . discussion forums such as ex-iwp.org . are also advised against .
0.0054055257
removal of external links per wp el per wp el dennis king’s persnal website and the exiwp website have been removed from the external links wp el advises against using persona websites except in the case of acknowledged experts king’s last published articles on newman are close to three decades old and appeared in community newspapers discussion forums such as exiwporg are also advised against 
0.0035096833
personal

: taras shevchenko monument in oakville , ontario could be used . if a better name pops up later , the article can be moved . if we have this article , the monument is definetely worthy of its own article .
0.019532613
taras shevchenko monument in oakville ontario could be used if a better name ops up later the article can be moved if we have this article the monument is definetely worthy of its own article 
0.019247774
pops

not entirely sure if i am doing this right , but i am extremely pissed off at some idiots contributions to the newcastle united fc page which i was idly looking at . ridiculous abuse is not what i look for on wikipedia which generally i respect greatly . i saw that you updated league positions on the site at some point so thought you might be able to sort this out as apparently i can't . cheers .
0.3726716
not entirely sure if i am doing this right but i am extremely pissed off at some idots contributions to the newcastle united fc page which i was idly looking at ridiculous abuse is not what i look for on wikipedia which generally i respect greatly i saw that you updated league positions on the site at some point so thought you might be able to sort this out as apparently i cant cheers 
0.21947883
idiots

= = can you creat article about this two vishal1976 = = * jyotiba ( god - a aspect of shiva near kolhapur city ) * veer mhaskoba - an origanal aspect of shiva in the later aspect of kabhairav of kashi ( varanasi ) . the temple of veer mhaskoba is situated in pune district in purandhar taluka near saswad in veer village . i have got good information about this god and if someone creat article i will expand that article . vishal1976
0.014629549
can you creat article about this two vishal1976 jyotiba god a aspect of shiva near kolhapur city veer mhaskoba an origanal aspect of shiva in the later aspect of kabhairav of kashi varanasi the temple of veer mhaskoba i situated in pune district in purandhar taluka near saswad in veer village i have got good information about this god and if someone creat article i will expand that article vishal1976 
0.010502701
is

= = sheila graber = = re your inference that a birthplace requires a citation on sheila graber , this is quite simply wrong . do you think that fred dibnah needs a citation to says he's from bolton , or paul mccartney to says he's from liverpool ? no . please stop inserting citation requirements where they are not needed , it reduces the credibility of the site for a casual reader - these tags should be used where there is genuine reason to suspect that the fact is incorrect , controversial or blatently fraudulent .
0.10068533
sheila graber re your inference that a birthplace requires a citation on sheila graber this is quite simply wrong do you think that fred dibnah needs a citation to says hes from bolton or paul mccartney to says hes from liverpool no please stop inserting citation requirements where they are not needed it reduces the credibility of the site for a casual reader these tags should be used where there is genuine reason to suspect that the fact is incorrect controversial or blatently fraudulnt 
0.07782357
fraudulent

mr. beaudoin , unless my comments and changes were entirely deleted ( apparently , immediately ! ) , please read . there are facts to be found and points to be made ! this is your site . you may do what you like ; however , as i stated , fair and equal is not being done in this porn area . this is not my job . good bye . your choice is to either keep an accurate valid information site , or continue as a joke , using the internet to promote personal agendas .
0.22423898
mr beaudoin unless my comments and changes were entirely deleted apparently immediately please read there are facts to be found and points to be made this is your site you may do what you like however as i stated fair and equal is not being done in this orn area this is not my job good bye your choice is to either keep an accurate valid information site or continue as a joke using the internet to promote personal agendas 
0.117215425
porn

= = why the revert on the itunes article ? = = i know that you might feel that the itunes art importer is unnotable , but that's exactly its problem - it's not nearly as well known as it should be . i discovered it back in the days of itunes 5 , and it's served me well since and through itunes 7 . it's far better than the built in art-adder with itunes 7 . i strongly ask of you that my revision be allowed , as i hope more people will use it and that it will encourage the author to write a final version of it ( instead of just the beta copy that i've been using for quite a while ) thanks , ~ zach
0.015507629
why the revert on the itunes article i know that you might feel that the itunes art mporter is unnotable but thats exactly its problem its not nearly as well known as it should be i discovered it back in the days of itunes 5 and its served me well since and through itunes 7 its far better than the built in artadder with itunes 7 i strongly ask of you that my revision be allowed as i hope more people will use it and that it will encourage the author to write a final version of it instead of just the beta copy that ive been using for quite a while thanks zach 
0.012958018
importer

:::: i am afghan and i don't think afghanistan was part persia ... take a look at these maps from the university of pennsylvania . it is only claimed by persians that afghanistan was part of persia up to the 18th century ....... it was the other way around , persia was part of afghanistan ( check hotaki and durrani empire ... and also read about the empire of ghaznavid and ghorids in encyclopedias ) .
0.018019216
i am afghan and i dont think afghanistan was part persia take a look at these maps from the university of pennsylvania it i only claimed by persians that afghanistan was part of persia up to the 18th century it was the other way around persia was part of afghanistan check hotaki and durrani empire and also read about the empire of ghaznavid and ghorids in encyclopedias 
0.014464117
is

= = apparent problem in article = = there's an apparent problem with the math here . unfortunately i can't read french , so can't verify one of the numbers , but hopefully someone else can . to quote from the article wealth_tax : ... in no place where this kind of tax is in place does it contribute to more than 0.3% of the total tax intake ([ 1 ]) . and france . in 2003 out of €786 billion general government receipts , €174 billion was collected on income and wealth . no further breakout is disclosed . data is from the institut national de la statistique et des etudes economiques . €174 billion out of €786 billion is 22% - however general government receipts might not ( probably does not ) mean the same as total tax intake . a clarification of the two would be useful .
0.017795261
apparent problem in article theres an apparent problem with the math here unfortunately i cant read french so cant verify one of the numbers but hopefully someone else can to quote from the article wealthtax in no place where this kind of tax fs in place does it contribute to more than 03 of the total tax intake 1 and france in 2003 out of €786 billion general government receipts €174 billion was collected on income and wealth no further breakout i disclosed data i from the institut national de la statistique et des etudes economiques €174 billion out of €786 billion s 22 however general government receipts might not probably does not mean the same as total tax intake a clarification of the two would be useful 
0.012797415
is

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are some pages that you might find helpful : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and ask your question there . again , welcome ! • 2007-01-5 08:16
0.008961347
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here are some pages that you might find helpful the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to writ a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and ask your question there again welcome • 2007015 0816 
0.005000984
write

= = hello from a main page regular = = recent vandal attacks on the main page where an ' interesting ' picture has been snuck in via unprotected subparts of the main page have been annoying at the least - yes it's true . it has been one or two lapses of concentration by admins who forgot to protect something that they placed on the front page templates . admins are human , they do make mistakes . everyone has been poked and reminded . i'm not saying that it won't happen again , but everything that should be done has . however . what should happen when such a vandal attacks ? within minutes someone with admin ability spots it , quietly reverts it and covers the cracks that the vandal oozed in via . the vandal is blocked , defeated and deflated , they move on . what does happen when such a vandal attacks ? everyone , their dog , cat , hamster and rabbits swamp this talk page with omg ! 11 !! i'm offended !! argh ! argh ! my eyes wtf ! style messages of outrage and indignation . the vandal says har har pwnd ! i ems teh 1337 , posts several taunting messages about how good they are and revels in the afterglow of their nuclear attack . eventually , within minutes someone with admin ability spots it , reverts it and covers the cracks that the vandal oozed in via . the vandal is blocked and moves on with a self-satified smug smile and sticky underpants . people . if you get all up in arms about it , you're feeding the vandal's ego . just let it pass . it will be reverted within minutes .
0.42666188
hello from a main page regular recent vandal attacks on the main page where an interesting picture has been snuck in via unprotected subparts of the main page have been annoying at the least yes its true it has been one or two lapses of concentration by admins who forgot to protect something that they placed on the front page templates admins are human they do make mistakes everyone has been poked and reminded im not saying that it wont happen again but everything that should be done has however what should happen when such a vandal attacks within minutes someone with admin ability spots it quietly reverts it and covers the cracks that the vandal oozed in via the vandal is blocked defeated and deflated they move on what does happen when such a vandal attacks everyone their dog cat hamster and rabbits swamp this talk page with omg 11 im offended argh argh my eyes wtf style messages of outrage and indignation the vandal says har har pwn i ems teh 1337 posts several taunting messages about how good they are and revels in the afterglow of their nuclear attack eventually within minutes someone with admin ability spots it reverts it and covers the cracks that the vandal oozed in via the vandal is blocked and moves on with a selfsatified smug smile and sticky underpants people if you get all up in arms about it youre feeding the vandals ego just let it pass it will be reverted within minutes 
0.32502604
pwnd

= = re : need major help = = sorry , but i have quite a few of my own projects that i am working on . the best way to finish a long project is to focus on one individual part of the project that is interesting . then , go to a related part that's just as interesting . before long , it'll get done . you'd probably have more time and patience for it if that was the only article you were working on . ()
0.014885981
re need major help sorry but i have quite a few of my wn projects that i am working on the best way to finish a long project is to focus on one individual part of the project that is interesting then go to a related part thats just as interesting before long itll get done youd probably have more time and patience for it if that was the only article you were working on 
0.012664783
own

::::: unfortunately , all i could find was wikipedia : see also , which is unsatisfactory . i do believe that ben wa balls are unrelated to benoit - but of course you will say that it is related by how it sounds . i respect your position , but i disagree with it . and i have a feeling that various wikipedians would have various opinions on this question . i would suggest perhaps we open a c o-o perative rfc to resolve this . what do you think ?
0.074443154
unfortunately all i could find was wikipedia see also which is unsatisfactory i do believe that ben wa ball are unrelated to benoit but of course you will say that it is related by how it sounds i respect your position but i disagree with it and i have a feeling that various wikipedians would have various opinions on this question i would suggest perhaps we open a c oo perative rfc to resolve this what do you think 
0.048379455
balls

= = saddam execution = = go on talk page there , i left some very important ideas , this is not allowed what you guys are doing .
0.07119474
saddam execution go on talk pag there i left some very important ideas this is not allowed what you guys are doing 
0.064391
page

and go on saddam execution talk page , before you stink up the place .
0.7373298
and go on saddam execution talk page before you tink up the place 
0.29355752
stink

