= = image tagging image : branched filaments . jpg = = {| align = center style = background-color : #ffffff ; border : 8px solid #ff0000 ; padding : 5px ; |- | | this media may be deleted . |} thanks for uploading image : branched filaments . jpg . i notice the ' image ' page currently doesn't specify who created the content , so the copyright status is unclear . if you have not created this media yourself then there needs to be an argument why we have the right to use the media on wikipedia ( see copyright tagging below ) . if you have not created the media yourself then it needs to be specified where it was found , i.e. , in most cases link to the website where it was taken from , and the terms of use for content from that page . if the media also doesn't have a copyright tag then one should be added . if you created/took the picture , audio , or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl . if you believe the media qualifies as fair use , consider reading fair use , and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia : image copyright tags #fair_use . see wikipedia : image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use . if you have uploaded other media , consider checking that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them , too . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page . thank you .
0.009963381
image tagging image branched filaments jpg align center style backgroundcolor ffffff border 8px solid ff0000 padding 5px this media may be deleted thanks for uploading image branched filaments jpg i notice the image page currently doesnt specify who created the content so the copyright status is unclear if you have not created this media yourself then there needs to be an argument why we have the right to use the media on wikipedia see copyright tagging below if you have not created the media yourself then it needs to be specified where it was found ie in most cases link to the website where it was taken from and the terms of use for content from that page if the media also doesnt have a copyright tag then one should be added if you createdtook the picture audio or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl if you believe the media qualifies as fair use consider reading fair use and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia image copyright tags fairuse see wikipedia image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use if you have uploaded other media consider checking that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them too you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any unsoured and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page thank you 
0.00673996
unsourced

that would make sense . the new party constitution doesn't give the leader much more control actually ! but that will change this year i'd have thought .
0.05073147
that would make sense the new party constitution doesnt give the leader much more control actually but that will change this year id have though 
0.03640284
thought

i am not amused , ya hear
0.20804559
i am not aused ya hear 
0.1641374
amused

: yeah , i didn't think i saw any of the crow team get shot down until pj , even on the nuclear detonations . if it could be confirmed , someone should change it . while on the subject of crow , does anyone know the names of the first 2 pilots ?
0.060263474
yeah i didnt think i saw any of the crow team get hot down until pj even on the nuclear detonations if it could be confirmed someone should change it while on the subject of crow does anyone know the names of the first 2 pilots 
0.05974536
shot

= = blocked = = why did you block me ? is it because so you can get that stupid graphic star . how dumb . please dont as i have not vandelised any page so get used to it you idiot .
0.8999209
blocked why did you block me is it because so you can get that stupid graphic star how dumb please dont as i have not vandelised any page so get used to it you diot 
0.86892265
idiot

::: far from being neutral . yes , i reverted the page more than 3 times , but why didn't you take a look at which i reverted and try to understood why i wanted to revert it . i left a message which hasn't been answered yet . when a turkish editor comes and adds , then khoi comes and sees it . afterwards , he alerts all of his watchdogs . after no sooner , turkish editor is blocked . it is always the same . you can put a tag on wikipedia like sorry , because of khoi , we are totally close to all turkish editors . anyway , i will have a holiday then i will be back and revert the page again unless you will hear me .
0.064260945
far from being neutral yes i reverted the page more than 3 times but why didnt you take a look at which i reverted and try to understood why i wanted to revert it i left a message which hasnt been answered yet when a turkish editor comes and adds then khoi comes and sees it afterwards he alerts all of his watchdogs after no sooner turkish editor is bloked it is always the same you can put a tag on wikipedia like sorry because of khoi we are totally close to all turkish editors anyway i will have a holiday then i will be back and revert the page again unless you will hear me 
0.045152746
blocked

if this is for the edits that i made about dizzy gillespie , i did lots of research on him and have many resources to back up my changes . my son and his friends thought it would be funny to go and change pages with nonsense edits before , and i apologize for this inconvience and assure that it will never happen again . whenever i make edits it is to help others only , not to be funny . thank you .
0.060322605
if this is for the edits that i made about dizzy gillespie i did lots of research on him and have many resources to back up my changes my son and his friends thought it would be funny to go and change pages with nonsese edits before and i apologize for this inconvience and assure that it will never happen again whenever i make edits it is to help others only not to be funny thank you 
0.024668302
nonsense

= = name = = can anyone from russia confirm which of the two terms is official , or at least which is prevalent ? * 1 ) тороидальная камера в магнитных катушках ( ... in magnetic coils ) - currently in article * 2 ) тороидальная камера с магнитными катушками ( ... with magnetic coils ) - in russian wikipedia article -
0.042924747
name can anyone from russia confirm which of the two terms is official or at leat which is prevalent 1 тороидальная камера в магнитных катушках in magnetic coils currently in article 2 тороидальная камера с магнитными катушками with magnetic coils in russian wikipedia article 
0.038841203
least

alex , i am still blocked , there may be a glitch . and , of course , but so you know , i have not been uncivil , i don t know why i was blocked . thank you
0.07455432
alex i am still blocked there may be a glitch and of course but so you know i have not been uncivi i don t know why i was blocked thank you 
0.070243366
uncivil

= = deleted viewer = = hey interiot , a while back we had a discussion here and you rigged up a deleted edit viewer ; if you don't mind , i'd like to get a copy of the code to be able to run an installation of it in my toolserver account . could you point me in the right direction ? ( • )
0.16759765
deleted viewer hey interiot a while back we had a discussion here and you riged up a deleted edit viewer if you dont mind id like to get a copy of the code to be able to run an installation of it in my toolserver account could you point me in the right direction • 
0.0686383
rigged

please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to comedy . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.09580413
please refrain from adding nonsnse to wikipedia as you did to comedy it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.059888754
nonsense

indeed it is not called that , the reason for this is due to it both including that operation , and the other operations conducted by the other countries . so in other words , it is not solely operation iraqi freedom being described . as historians we must put things in chronological order , as such , this must be characterized as part of the war on terror . before it began it was touted as the next step , when the war was made with iraq it was noted as a part of the war on terror . it is not a propaganda effort , it is the truth . read the entire article zer0faults gave if you dont want to take my word for it . #
0.052227635
indeed it is not called that the reason for this is due to it both including that operation and the other operations conducted by the other countries so in other words it is not solely operation iraqi freedom being described as historians we must put things in chronological order as such this must be characterized as part of the war on treror before it began it was touted as the next step when the war was made with iraq it was noted as a part of the war on teror it is not a propaganda effort it is the truth read the entire article zer0faults gave if you dont want to take my word for it 
0.032471824
terror

= = try a 72-hour block = = there could be lockout on our own weather channel staff for 72 hours beginning on sunday may 7th at midnight . if they were involved ? perhaps , we could restirct access to wikipedia from their computers at the weather channel at midnight on sunday , and block their ip's , which they will not edit the weather channel and intellistar article again , i apologize for the trouble that has happened . - local on the 8's will continue to air during the lockout after sundays until it expires in 72 hours .
0.016146576
try a 72hour blok there could be lockout on our own weather channel staff for 72 hours beginning on sunday may 7th at midnight if they were involved perhaps we could restirct access to wikipedia from their computers at the weather channel at midnight on sunday and bloc their ips which they will not edit the weather channel and intellistar article again i apologize for the trouble that has happened local on the 8s will continue to air during the lockout after sundays until it expires in 72 hours 
0.015999986
block

= = still not cooperating = = dear moshe , i left you a message in the frye page talk , know this as long as i am alive and not blocked or banned from wiki , you will not be allowed to vandalize that page . please try to be the good girl we were talking about .
0.12082745
still not cooperating dear moshe i left you a message in the frye page talk know this as long as i am alive and not blocked or banned from wiki you will not be allowed to vandlize that page please try to be the good girl we were talking about 
0.10823658
vandalize

= = image copyright problem with image : rockies . jpg = = thanks for uploading image : rockies . jpg . the image has been identified as not specifying the copyright status of the image , which is required by wikipedia's policy on images . if you don't indicate the copyright status of the image on the image's description page , using an appropriate copyright tag , it may be deleted some time in the next seven days . if you have uploaded other images , please verify that you have provided copyright information for them as well . for more information on using images , see the following pages : * wikipedia : image use policy * wikipedia : image copyright tags this is an automated notice by . for assistance on the image use policy , see wikipedia : media copyright questions .
0.008177802
image copyright problem with image rockies jpg thanks for uploading image rockies jpg the image has been identified as not specifying the copyright status of the image which si required by wikipedias policy on images if you dont indicate the copyright status of the image on the images description page using an appropriate copyright tag it may be deleted some time in the next seven days if you have uploaded other images please verify that you have provided copyright information for them as well for more information on using images see the following pages wikipedia image use policy wikipedia image copyright tags this i an automated notice by for assistance on the image use policy see wikipedia media copyright questions 
0.004267205
is

: i am not sure if this comment is considered vandalism or not ( it should be , in my opinion ) , but if you're just going to post garbage you should keep it within , instead of flaunting your stupidity accross wikipedia and furthering the cause of groups like prussian blue by giving them the appearance of having intelligence in contrast to their opposition's constant use of personal attacks , pov , vandalism , and utter stupidity . :
0.64270127
i am not sure if this comment is considered vandalism or not it should be in my opinion but if youre just going to post garbage you should keep it within instead of flaunting your supidity accross wikipedia and furthering the cause of groups like prussian blue by giving them the appearance of having intelligence in contrast to their oppositions constant use of personal attacks pov vandalism and utter stupidiy 
0.4492292
stupidity

golbez i was mearly creating an article on something that is really going-on . that is what this site claims to be about , isn't it ? it is really just a liberal crusade though , so i suppose you are just defending one of the top contributers to liberalisms .
0.112863116
golbez i was mearly creating an article on something that is really goingon that is what this site claims to be about isnt it it is really just a liberal rusade though so i suppose you are just defending one of the top contributers to liberalisms 
0.10990949
crusade

