my reference is to the organisation [ rss ] that has been documented in media as well as respected politicians to have a fascist attitude . i was extending the same logic to their supporters . however , it is testing my patience - as in reality i wish to contribute to the wikipedia in a journalistic way , edits from these agents are however either twisting the facts either subtly or blatantly and bringing out the bad in most of the other authors .
0.14265351
my reference is to the organisation rss that has been documented in media as well as respected politicians to have a fascst attitude i was extending the same logic to their supporters however it is testing my patience as in reality i wish to contribute to the wikipedia in a journalistic way edits from these agents are however either twisting the facts either subtly or blatantly and bringing out the bad in most of the other authors 
0.044596426
fascist

= = wikipedia is wicked wonderful = = thank you so much for your previous reply and kind words ! regarding webcite , i've decided not to go crazy with it : i'll preserve it for those excessively long & loathsome urls . ( i'm relieved you think webcite is a good thing . ) i'm still flustered about citations , notes , and bibliographies . i tried mixing embedded urls with , , and , but it didn't work . then i gave up and just used the commands . but it just doesn't look as nice ! ~~~~
0.15374051
wikipedia is wicked wonderful thank you so much for your previous reply and kind words regarding webcite ive decided not to go crazy with it ill preserve it for those excessively long loathsme urls im relieved you think webcite is a good thing im still flustered about citations notes and bibliographies i tried mixing embedded urls with and but it didnt work then i gave up and just used the commands but it just doesnt look as nice 
0.08844192
loathsome

::: well you are a newby about moving pages because you did it wrong . learn how things are done around here and it will same you a lot of trouble . |
0.12890378
well you are a newby about moving pages because you did it wong learn how things are done around here and it will same you a lot of trouble 
0.120780446
wrong

fuk you fucked up sinhalese motherfucking assholes wanna suck my cock bitch ass . jeyasinghe
0.99158394
fuk you fucked up sinhalese motherucking assholes wanna suck my cock bitch ass jeyasinghe 
0.98926044
motherfucking

= = warsawa photos = = thanks for your support on my rfa . if i can be of help . thanks/
0.016834911
warsawa photos thanks for your support on my rfa if i can e of help thanks 
0.01248579
be

= = live stream = = for a short time this live stream very good worked : 192.5.109.51 /ostn_scifi . asx it´s not pay tv and it´s not illegal , but the access is now blocked . can someone get this to work again ?
0.055403948
live stream for a short time this live stream very good worked 192510951 ostnscifi asx it´s not pay tv and it´s not illegal but the access is now blocked can someone et this to work again 
0.036804616
get

= = advice = = i would be interested in getting your views on the role of tyrenius as a mediator on the michael ignatieff talk page . does he have any status as a mediator ? by that , i mean , do the participants on the page accept him as a mediator or is he self appointed . ( i'm mindful both these conditions could apply ) . how effective has he been in a mediation role ? what problems have arisen , if any ? the reason i ask is that ( as you will have seen ) he made a preemptory removal of some text from the page . this is something that is generally frowned on in my experience . his response to my quoting the guideline on the subject was to remove that too . in the words of the guideline , this is unacceptable . however , i don't want to jeopardize any good work that may be going on by insisting on a point unless it is germane . if this is not the only instance of his being high handed , it may well be . comments ?
0.035376713
advice i would be interested in getting your views on the role of tyrenius as a mediator on the michael ignatieff talk page does he have any status as a mediator by that i mean do the participants on the page accept him as a mediator or is he slf appointed im mindful both these conditions could apply how effective has he been in a mediation role what problems have arisen if any the reason i ask is that as you will have seen he made a preemptory removal of some text from the page this is something that is generally frowned on in my experience his response to my quoting the guideline on the subject was to remove that too in the words of the guideline this is unacceptable however i dont want to jeopardize any good work that may be going on by insisting on a point unless it is germane if this is not the only instance of his being high handed it may well be comments 
0.024046794
self

: what's your source on that ? amazon says otherwise and so does my copy of the album .
0.01161555
whats your source on that amazon says otherwise and so des my copy of the album 
0.009166517
does

:: as a department under a ministry chaired by a bjp politician who have maintained their unequivocal agenda of hindutva - they can not be fair and balanced observers . they are themsleves the players
0.016275797
as a department under a ministry chaired by a bjp politician who have maintained their unequivocal agenda of hindutva they ca not be fair and balanced observers they are themsleves the players 
0.014189298
can

= = fuck all modernists = = i wish the roman empire was still around , they would crush the non-roman filth modernist scum in seconds . roma invicta !
0.87333244
fck all modernists i wish the roman empire was still around they would crush the nonroman filth modernist scum in seconds roma invicta 
0.7273105
fuck

| '''' = = donald nicholl = = please do not add your man donald nicholl to the ' see also ' section of all kinds of pages , as you have been doing . he is not notable for that . i have been spending 10 minutes already on reverting all of these things . please do not keep adding him there . | ''''
0.049438927
donald nicholl please do not add your ma donald nicholl to the see also section of all kinds of pages as you have been doing he is not notable for that i have been spending 10 minutes already on reverting all of these things please do not keep adding him there 
0.042647336
man

:: my mistake ; i should've said hebephilia and fifties . it's used in bernard glueck's 1955 research project for the study and treatment of persons convicted of crimes involving sexual aberrations . and i'm not sure , but ephebophilia is at least two decades old - before i was even born . that doesn't seem recent .
0.04983335
my mistake i shouldve said hebephilia and fifties its used in bernard gluecks 1955 research project for the study and treatment of persons convicted of crimes involving sexal aberrations and im not sure but ephebophilia is at least two decades old before i was even born that doesnt seem recent 
0.019918077
sexual

hobo the dodo , you have little authority , you are warned , you cannot stop tvhosted .
0.42833078
hobo the dodo you have lttle authority you are warned you cannot stop tvhosted 
0.40924403
little

= = national nitwit = = again , i take issue with your removal of the link to the e-zine's website . if the article itself does not survive the review process , the link will be deleted . if , however , the article stays , then the link to the blog in very much in keeping . btw - i am beginning to suspect that this user has some unknown issue with me for some reason , as has been making numerous petty changes to work i have edited . if i am mistaken , my apologies are in order .
0.15756318
national nitwt again i take issue with your removal of the link to the ezines website if the article itself does not survive the review process the link will be deleted if however the article stays then the link to the blog in very much in keeping btw i am beginning to suspect that this user has some unknown issue with me for some reason as has been making numerous petty changes to work i have edited if i am mistaken my apologies are in order 
0.035338227
nitwit

now let's see who's gonna start crying like a little girl because i said this so i could laugh my ass off at them .
0.7289259
now lets see whos gonna start crying like a little girl because i said this so i could laugh my as off at them 
0.3293311
ass

i hate scientology it all fake no proof of any thing lets kill all non believers ofthe sacred cult jippy wong wong
0.69324124
i hate scientology it all fake no proof of any thing lets kil all non believers ofthe sacred cult jippy wong wong 
0.5867102
kill

= = stanisław rogalski = = hi mike . take a look at this . are we missing something obvious ? ×
0.09261121
stanisław rogalski hi mike take a lok at this are we missing something obvious × 
0.05053413
look

= = got rid of ! @#$% verification tags = = to satisfy a certain editor who insisted on scattering useless tags all over the article challenging obvious facts i already showed him before , i've supplied references . sheesh , and i don't get any thanks for the work i do .
0.19972047
got rid of verification tags to satisfy a certain editor who insisted on scattering useless tags all over the article challenging obvious facts i already showed him before ive supplied references sheesh and i dont et any thanks for the work i do 
0.09965645
get

the ecma text that yo cite precisely confirms that this is the way eiffel text should read . that text is in fact saying the same as the wikipedia rules : semantics should not depend on color . on the other hand , color should be used to reinforce semantics , in a consistent way . until i and another person started working on the eiffel article a few weeks ago it was a disgrace , full of inaccuracies and opinions , with almost no factual information on the language . apparently that was not a reason to complain . now that we are devoting our time to producing a good article with the same standards of quality as a scientific publication we are being heckled by people who only care about enforcing some font commonality . i wonder if you realize the harm that you are doing to wikipedia by harassing the designer of the very technology that the article describes . maybe i am naive or pretentious , but i would assume that such a contribution by the original author should be enjoyed rather than heckled down . if you want to turn away such contributors , and get to the level of soc . culture discussions , this is exactly the way to go . i don't assume that's the case , so please correct errors of substance if you find any ( i make no claims of perfection ) and in the meantime respect the conventions and rules of the topic being addressed . thanks .
0.07671801
the ecma text that yo cite precisely confirms that this is the way eiffel text should read that text is in fact saying the same as the wikipedia rules semantics should not depend on color on the other hand color should be used to reinforce semantics in a consistent way until i and another person started working on the eiffel article a few weeks ago it was a dsgrace full of inaccuracies and opinions with almost no factual information on the language apparently that was not a reason to complain now that we are devoting our time to producing a good article with the same standards of quality as a scientific publication we are being heckled by people who only care about enforcing some font commonality i wonder if you realize the harm that you are doing to wikipedia by harassing the designer of the very technology that the article describes maybe i am naive or pretentious but i would assume that such a contribution by the original author should be enjoyed rather than heckled down if you want to turn away such contributors and get to the level of soc culture discussions this is exactly the way to go i dont assume thats the case so please correct errors of substance if you find any i make no claims of perfection and in the meantime respect the conventions and rules of the topic being addressed thanks 
0.064592354
disgrace

