= = endurance = = q : thank you for the welcome and tips ! i would like to move some of the stuff on the endurance and the expedition out of the shackleton article , since their scope is really quite a bit larger than him - can i do this ? is there any special way ? a : absolutely yes ! it's pretty easy .... just pick a concise and appropriate name for a new article on the expedition and start to build new content there . you get started by putting the new article title in the search box . if it's available you'll get offered a link to start a new article with that name . i suggest putting some comments on the discussion page of your new article describing what you are trying to accomplish ( same thing goes for the shackleton article ) . that way , other editors won't misunderstand what's going on . if the new article is going to be under construction for awhile , it's a good idea to put a stub notice at the bottom of it so folks know that there is more to come . you add a stub notice by putting this at the bottom of the page : {{ stub }} as the new article takes shape and adds breadth and depth that the parent article lacks , you may find you need to tinker with the parent article to ensure that there is the right amount of detail there ... not too much and not too little . lastly , you'll want to find out what other articles exist that should link to your new article and add links on them . that requires a bit of searching and digging around but usually isn't a problem and helps integrate your article into the broader encyclopedia . good luck with your article ! if you need any help , don't hesitate to ask . 7 july 2005 23:51 ( utc )
0.022185702
endurance q thank you for the welcome and tips i would like to move some of the stuff on the endurance and the expedition out of the shackleton article since their scope is really quite a bit larger than him can i do this is there any special way a absolutely yes its pretty easy just pick a concise and appropriate name for a new article on the expedition and start to build new content there you get started by putting the new article title in the search box if its available youll get offered a link to start a new article with that name i suggest putting some comments on the discussion page of your new article describing what you are trying to accomplish same thing goes for the shackleton article that way other editors wont misunderstand whats going on if the new article is going to be under construction for awhile its a good idea to put a stub notice at the bottom of it so folks know that there is more to come you add a stub notice by putting this at the bottom of the page stub as the new article takes shape and adds breadth and depth that the parent article lacks you may find you need to tinker with the parent article to ensure that there is the right amount of detail there not too much and not too little lastly youll want to find out what other articles exist that should link to your new article and add links on them that requires a bit of searching and digging around but usually isnt a problem and helps integrate your article into the broader encyclopedia good luck with your article if you need any help dont hesitate to ask 7 july 2005 2351 tc 
0.010133477
utc

: the rules are not going to be bent for you and they most certainly shouldn't . the term is non-notable no matter how you look at it , even you admit that you just invented the term yourself . in order for a term to be notable , there needs to be more than a very tiny number ( mostly just you ) of people using it . it's not helpful , it just serves to confuse people since inverse ad hominem implies that it's opposite to ad hominem , which it's not . it's just saying i have superior credentials instead of saying you have inferior credentials . there is no difference as far as logic is concerned . 8 july 2005 01:20 ( utc )
0.07091048
the rules are not going to be bent for you and they most certainly shouldnt the term is nonnotable no matter how you look at it even you admit that you just invented the term yourself in order for a term to be notable there needs to be more than a very tiny number mostly just you of people using it its not helpful it just serves to confuse people since inverse ad hominem implies that its opposite to ad hominem which its not its just saying i have superior credentials instead of saying you have inferior credentials there is no difference as far as logic is concerned 8 july 2005 0120 tc 
0.04463047
utc

: tomer , hkt , jayjg please read this world jewish congress statement and article linguistic imprecision ? and get over this issue . 8 july 2005 12:35 ( utc )
0.103339784
tomer hkt jayjg please read this world ewish congress statement and article linguistic imprecision and get over this issue 8 july 2005 1235 utc 
0.037489448
jewish

the best solution is to keep reverting him 8 july 2005 23:15 ( utc )
0.027036482
the best solution i to keep reverting him 8 july 2005 2315 utc 
0.021127209
is

= = = uh collegian's response to zereshk , part 2 = = = so i am a kid because i am still working on my bachelor and you are superior than me because you have a master's ? what was the personal attack zereshk ? 9 july 2005 15:29 ( utc )
0.30154243
uh collegians response to zereshk part 2 so i am a kid because i am still working on my bachelor and you are superior than me because you have a masters what was the personal attak zereshk 9 july 2005 1529 utc 
0.16990761
attack

:::::: no , really you don't need to do that to garner attention . the likes of jayjg will use any ill-considered comment you make in order to try to discredit you and have your point ignored . — 9 july 2005 17:38 ( utc )
0.08057296
no really you dont need to do that to garner attention the likes of jayjg will use any illconsidered comment you make in order to try to discredit you and have your point ignord — 9 july 2005 1738 utc 
0.056455635
ignored

= = wikipedia style is for wikipedia policy to determine = = i have trouble understanding this conflict , people are saying such strange things . they're sort of understandable from a new user like mr. harvey , who seems unfamiliar with wikipedia policy and principles , but i find them incomprehensible from a seasoned editor like sam spade . it seems to me self-evident that if mr. harvey controls the copyright , then we can't use the image other than under the conditions he dictates . and since those conditions include having an embedded , uneditable , caption , in violation of the wiki principle , that means we can't and won't use it at all . ( that's apart from the phrasing of the caption being imo quite unacceptable—it's enough that it's uneditable . ) mr harvey , it's just not the case that your regiment , or the queen for that matter , is in charge of wikipedia style . you seem to assume that all that's needed for your caption to carry absolute authority is that a spokesman for the regiment should clarify the form of address / title , that should be used , and then it will , it must , be used . you are wrong about that : forms of address and titles used here are matters for wikipedia consensus and policy . your employers are not empowered to dictate to the world how to speak . i can understand that you think they are , but i don't understand sam at all . sam , how can you see mr. harvey's demand to dictate the caption as part of an interpersonal conflict ? it's a conflict of principle . you write : i have recieved an email stating that richard harvey is the photo archivist at the duke of wellington's regimental hq , and that a condition of their usage is that the the name , rank & title be embedded . that is good enough for me , i see no reason to doubt that this is the case , or to refuse to utilise the images under these conditions .. those two conclusions are miles apart . no , there is no reason to doubt it . yes , there is every reason to refuse to utilise the image under such conditions . it's a pity mr. harvey has had second thoughts about the image he uploaded the first time , the one without a caption , and it's , well , just ... odd , that he sees cropping off the caption as defamation , but we'll have to live with that . |
0.032725886
wikipedia style is for wikipedia policy to determine i have trouble understanding this conflict people are saying such strange things theyre sort of understandable from a new user like mr harvey who seems unfamiliar with wikipedia policy and principles but i find them incomprehensible from a seasoned editor like sam spade it seems to me selfevident that if mr harvey controls the copyright then we cant use the image other than under the conditions he dictates and since those conditions include having an embedded uneditable caption in violation of the wiki principle that means we cant and wont use it at all thats apart from the phrasing of the caption being imo quite unacceptable—its enough that its uneditable mr harvey its just not the case that your regiment or the queen for that matter is in charge of wikipedia style you seem to assume that all thats needed for your caption to carry absolute authority is that a spokesman for the regiment should clarify the form of address title that should be used and then it will it must be used you are wrong about that forms of address and titles used here are matters for wikipedia consensus and policy your employers are not empowered to dictate to the world how to speak i can understand that you think they are but i dont understand sam at all sam how can you see mr harveys demand to dictate the caption as part of an interpersonal conflict its a conflict of principle you write i have recieved an email stating that richard harvey is the photo archivist at the duke of wellingtons regimental hq and that a condition of their usage is that the the name rank title be embedded that is good enough for me i see no reason to doubt that this is the case or to refuse to utilise the images under these conditions those two conclusions are miles apart no there is no reason to doubt it yes there is every reason to refuse to utilise the image under such conditions its a piy mr harvey has had second thoughts about the image he uploaded the first time the one without a caption and its well just odd that he sees cropping off the caption as defamation but well have to live with that 
0.020830529
pity

= = hey , i am ari = = ok ... about me in terms of my contribution on wikipedia . i will contribute articles towards the subjects of : -book reviews and plot outlines etc . -christianity -martial arts ( specificly shaolin kung-fu ) -economics ( specifically macro-economics ) i have already submitted an article for the circular flow of income circular flow of income - biology and general science - information technology and computer science -1901 to now in australian history and ancient history -and probably some other random topics that i know alot about . check out my information on lake parrramatta reserve and circular flow of income
0.031163115
hey i am ari ok about me in terms of my contribution on wikipedia i will contribute articles towards the subjects of book reviews and lot outlines etc christianity martial arts specificly shaolin kungfu economics specifically macroeconomics i have already submitted an article for the circular flow of income circular flow of income biology and general science information technology and computer science 1901 to now in australian history and ancient history and probably some other random topics that i know alot about check out my information on lake parrramatta reserve and circular flow of income 
0.00540936
plot

= = excuse me , whoever the fuck you are = = spui says on his talk page that he likes vandalism , and doesn't want it reverted . the modification that i made was to text originally left by a vandal . please do your homework before censoring others !!!!
0.9269344
excuse me whoever the fck you are spui says on his talk page that he likes vandalism and doesnt want it reverted the modification that i made was to text originally left by a vandal please do your homework before censoring others 
0.8320295
fuck

** since when am i an advocate of cold fusion ? i advocate citing sources , that is all . i'm glad to see you're siding with someone under arbitration for conduct such as this .
0.027151164
since when m i an advocate of cold fusion i advocate citing sources that is all im glad to see youre siding with someone under arbitration for conduct such as this 
0.011351917
am

maybe you could try and get your message across without all capitals and without swear words ( or calling slimvirgin a jerk and an asshole etc etc ) . keeping it civil will give you a slightly better chance of getting your message across . i thought saying f**% ! ng was at least a slight improvement over having all the letters . maybe not .
0.8389107
maybe you could try and get your message across without all capitals and without swear words or calling slimvirgin a jerk and an asshle etc etc keeping it civil will give you a slightly better chance of getting your message across i thought saying f ng was at least a slight improvement over having all the letters maybe not 
0.36212435
asshole

:::: thats what the clause standard uncontroversial object implied . ok , we're getting somewhere . now , as i understand it , it isn't under contest that finding a supernatural causation will always breach empiricism . if i'm wrong , please inform me . second , for our standard uncontroversial object does specified complexity or irreducable complexity hold any water ? remember , just keeping in line with our inorganic , manmade , unimportant and uncontroversial device .
0.015480701
thats what the clause standard uncontroversial object implied ok were getting somewhere now as i understand it it isnt under contest that finding a supernatural causation will always breach empiricism if im wrong plese inform me second for our standard uncontroversial object does specified complexity or irreducable complexity hold any water remember just keeping in line with our inorganic manmade unimportant and uncontroversial device 
0.008486491
please

quote = = slimvirgin wrote but i feel that fuelwagon and duckecho are pov pushing too by insisting , for example , that no dissenting voice be heard in the intro . although i told slimvirgin i never said any such nonsense , he has to date not apologized for such a gross distortion of facts .
0.17328177
quote slimvirgin wrote but i feel that fuelwagon and duckecho are pov pushing too by insisting for example that no dissenting voice be heard in the intro although i told slimvirgin i never said any scuh nonsense he has to date not apologized for sch a gross distortion of facts 
0.16743633
such

asp ? playernumber = s329 wta tennis profile on helena sukova - http://www.wtatour.com/players/playerprofiles/playerbio.asp?playerid=190110 website about vera and helena sukova and family - http://www.sukova.org/ all info was reformatted by me and written in my own words . i hope that addresses your concerns . ( 203.120.68.68 ) = = van statten = = why isn't he a villain ? he was the bad guy - capturing the doctor and the dalek , torturing both , willing to sacrifice his men ... even though he was a bit helpless at the end and had a slight change of heart , he was definitely sharing the villain spot with the dalek . = = doctor who edits = = i simply clean up edits - i am a bit more ruthless than most when it comes to doctor who , but that's because i want to have the articles to a particular standard , and most times i do give reasons for reversions and edits . if you have any issues with those reversions you are more than welcome to take your reasons to talk and let the other editors chime in on them . if you want me to clarify my edits , you are also more than welcome to ask me and i will do my best to explain them . = = daleks hovering as kneeling = = you don't need a license . what you need to do is back up your edits with evidence . if you can point to me a clear piece of on screen evidence that says that the daleks are hovering around him in worship , please do . take that to the talk : dalek page . : you can't argue from contra-evidence because there could be any number of explanations . they could have been simply guarding him ( higher ground is tactically better ) . they could have been invisibly recharging from him . the production team could have thought it simply looked cool . point is , you don't know for sure , and it is fallacious to phrase it as definitive when that is the case . if you still want to discuss it , take it to talk : dalek , and we can see what the others think about it .
0.1093236
asp playernumber s329 wta tennis profile on helena sukova httpwwwwtatourcomplayersplayerprofilesplayerbioaspplayerid190110 website about vera and helena sukova and family httpwwwsukovaorg all info was reformatted by me and written in my own words i hope that addresses your concerns 2031206868 van statten why isnt he a villain he was the bad guy capturing the doctor and the dalek torturng both willing to sacrifice his men even though he was a bit helpless at the end and had a slight change of heart he was definitely sharing the villain spot with the dalek doctor who edits i simply clean up edits i am a bit more ruthless than most when it comes to doctor who but thats because i want to have the articles to a particular standard and most times i do give reasons for reversions and edits if you have any issues with those reversions you are more than welcome to take your reasons to talk and let the other editors chime in on them if you want me to clarify my edits you are also more than welcome to ask me and i will do my best to explain them daleks hovering as kneeling you dont need a license what you need to do is back up your edits with evidence if you can point to me a clear piece of on screen evidence that says that the daleks are hovering around him in worship please do take that to the talk dalek page you cant argue from contraevidence because there could be any number of explanations they could have been simply guarding him higher ground is tactically better they could have been invisibly recharging from him the production team could have thought it simply looked cool point is you dont know for sure and it is fallacious to phrase it as definitive when that is the case if you still want to discuss it take it to talk dalek and we can see what the others think about it 
0.08372057
torturing

dcokeman , while you preach to us from up high on what neutrality means , you need to take a lesson in civility . * stop throwing out lame definitions from webster's dictionary to prove your point , maybe assume we know a little bit about the english language . * stop preaching to us what neutrality means like a father talks to a child , just make your point about why something is neutral or not without defining neutrality for us everytime . assume we're maybe quite possibly smarter than monkeys . * don't shout , there's no reason why you need to shove your opinion down our throats .
0.46344027
dcokeman while you preach to us from up high on what neutrality means you need to take a lesson in civility stop throwing out lame definitions from websters dictionary to prove your point maybe assume we know a little bit about the english language stop preaching to us what neutrality means like a father talks to a child just make your point about why something is neutral or not without defining neutrality for us everytime assume were maybe quite possibly smarter than monkey dont shout theres no reason why you need to shove your opinion down our throats 
0.38266844
monkeys

:: some of the previous few edits , including mine , have improved this article - especially the definition of ester ( needed to encompass inorganic acid esters ) , but some day i would like to do still more to improve this article .
0.011294377
some of the previous few edits including mine have improved this article especially the definition of ester needed to encompass inorganic acd esters but some day i would like to do still more to improve this article 
0.0070021236
acid

:: i posted the intent to do this here . the 8 paragraphs of michael and the tiny section for the schindlers were under a section titled family disputes . if you read the last part of that diff , i mention taking the pieces out of family disputes and putting them in chronological order with the rest of the article .
0.011837231
i posted the intent to do this here the 8 paragraphs of michael and the tiny section for the schinders were under a section titled family disputes if you read the last part of that diff i mention taking the pieces out of family disputes and putting them in chronological order with the rest of the article 
0.011366252
schindlers

then you're a communist , because you are not zod like me , so you cannot have the same opinions on things as zod . boo yah .
0.502415
then youre a cmmunist because you are not zod like me so you cannot have the same opinions on things as zod boo yah 
0.38064855
communist

you ignoramus ! my cousin just did the hitler pictures and the swastikas and what not . i've been the one talking to you you imbecile . i can't believe that people that are stupid like you exist . it makes we want to start playing russian roulette with myself .
0.8478799
you ignoramus my cousin just did the hitler pictures and the swastikas and what not ive been the one talking to you you imbecile i cant believe that people that are stpid like you exist it makes we want to start playing russian roulette with myself 
0.77964824
stupid

i refer you to the wikipedida article style ( manner of address ) , wherein it clearly states pope john paul ii was called his holiness only until his death . regards , ( edt )
0.12958641
i refer you to the wikipedida article style manner of address wherein it clearly states pope john paul ii was called his holiness only until his dath regards edt 
0.0684296
death

