:: hahahaha . wie ?! wie ?!!!!!! that is retarded . internet explorer was already long enough compared to say , opera , safari , or firefox . now it's windows internet explorer ? this browser goes down the shitter more every day .
0.57258624
hahahaha wie wie that is retrded internet explorer was already long enough compared to say opera safari or firefox now its windows internet explorer this browser goes down the shitter more every day 
0.23519632
retarded

: this part is now totally rewritten to make the importance of this part clear : the reasons for the establishment of the wgkf . i did mention the gkif with an internal link , since this is the wikipedia way , even though i don't agree with what is written in that article . just for the record : my hands are itching to change the misinformation and lies in that article as well , but i won't , since it would only start another edit war !! i believe it is a good thing to have their story on gkif and our story here on wgkf . if each side would stay away from the other side , the edit war would finally be over ! now , there is the problem : we are willing to stay away from gkif , but people from gkif are not willing to stay away from wgkf ! so who is keeping the edit war alive here ???
0.0894102
this part is now totally rewritten to make the importance of this part clear the reasons for the establishment of the wgkf i did mention the gkif with an internal link since this is the wikipedia way even though i dont agree with what is written in that article just for the record my hands are itching to change the misinformation and lies in that article as well but i wont since it would only start another edit war i believe it is a good thing to have their story on gkif and our story here on wgkf if each side would stya away from the other side the edit war would finally be over now there is the problem we are willing to tay away from gkif but people from gkif are not willing to say away from wgkf so who is keeping the edit war alive here 
0.07159484
stay

from the thin man by dashiel hammett : all right , i said , have me arrested for kidnapping , contributing to the delinquency of a minor and mopery . ( near the end of chapter 10 )
0.15630154
from the thin man by dashiel hammett all right i said have me arrested for idnapping contributing to the delinquency of a minor and mopery near the end of chapter 10 
0.062136408
kidnapping

= = talk : integral theory ( philosophy ) = = hello again , i had another question concerning integral theory , that i think should be explained in the article : what criteria are there for validating a mystical experience ? i think this would go a long way in improving the article .
0.005206851
talk integral theory philosophy hello again i had another question concerning integral theory that i think should be explained in the article what criteria are there for validating a mystical experience i think this would g a long way in improving the article 
0.004229185
go

= = wonka products ? = = where is the list of products mentioned as manufactured by willy wonka cross-referenced by book and movies ? my gods , this is wikipedia , people , there needs to be a list article devoted to every little thing . —
0.03233557
wonka products where is the list of products mentioned as manufactured by willy wonka crossreferenced by book and movies my gds this is wikipedia people there needs to be a list article devoted to every little thing — 
0.024450775
gods

= = your email . = = the fact that ryan engages in ' cock foreplay ' indicates that he is probably a homosexual .
0.70840204
your email the fact that ryan engages in cok foreplay indicates that he is probably a homosexual 
0.42449626
cock

can you please stop switching the ö with oe and vice versa . goebbels and not göbbels is the usual form of the name .
0.049218934
can you please stop switching the ö with oe and vice versa goebbels and not göbbels s the usual form of the name 
0.049187556
is

: ps i posted apicture earlier at samuel cashwan of cashwan . on the picture page i explained my process , but perhaps it should be labeled fair use ? i suspect that you understand these things better than i do .
0.034425396
ps i posted apicture earlier at samuel cashwan of cashwan on the picture page i explained my process but perhaps it should be labeled fair use i suspect that you understand these things bettr than i do 
0.034424484
better

* i have reverted your edits to the article about georgia o'keeffe . the things you write , don't belong in any article , certainly not at wikipedia . stop doing this , think for a moment about your childish behaviour . going on like this will certainly get you blocked !
0.29195592
i have reverted your edits to the article about georgia okeeffe the things you write dont belong in any article certainly not at wikipedia stop doing this think for a moment about your hildish behaviour going on like this will certainly get you blocked 
0.16712596
childish

holderca , with regards to the dennis comment , i think a lot of people in navarre beach and st. marks would strongly disagree with you on that . an estimated $5 billion in damage in florida alone is far from minimal damage in my book .
0.020424299
holderca with regards to the dennis comment i think a lot of people in navarre beach and st marks would strongly disaree with you on that an estimated 5 billion in damage in florida alone is far from minimal damage in my book 
0.018755844
disagree

i blocked for 12 hours for vandalising user pages and making personal attacks despite warnings .
0.122020006
i blocked for 12 hours for vandalising user pages and making personal attcks despite warnings 
0.11578727
attacks

= = awaiting replies from ryan and jtkiefer = = jt has invited me , on this page , to communicate . i have done so and am waiting for a reply , ryan , by blocking me , left a page with a message telling me i can communicate with him by e-mail . i have done so and am waiting for a reply . i have a lot of questions about why i have been blocked , but imdaking , who is obviously using two sock puppets unike and chriss p . has not been blocked . imdaking has identified me on his page in a list of annoying people . are you people serious ?
0.21591064
awaiting replies from ryan and jtkiefer jt has invited me on this page to communicate i have done so and am waiting for a reply ryan by blocking me left a page with a message telling me i can communicate with him by email i have done so and am waiting for a reply i have a lot of questions about why i have been blocked but imdaking who is obviously using two sock puppets unike and chriss p has not been blocked imdaking has identified me on his page in a list of annoyig people are you people serious 
0.19278127
annoying

how a member of the neonazist parti could be ashame of it ? together with talks about the superior race and nietzsche prosa ? if it isn't true , why do you bother at all ?..... sophie
0.18786916
how a member of the neonazist parti could be ashae of it together with talks about the superior race and nietzsche prosa if it isnt true why do you bother at all sophie 
0.113714345
ashame

= = filepile update = = members of filepile are continuing to deface the article , including adding made-up screenshots and . one of the screenshots has xed eats balls on it . filepile users are making disingenuous edits ( see my post here about it ) . in particular , they are claiming it doesn't exist . my reason for notability are here . i expect the new vfd will go the same way , ie loads of filepile users , new users , & anonymous users voting for delete . -
0.12395758
filepile update members of filepile are continuing to deface the article including adding madeup screenshots and one of the screenshots has xed eats blls on it filepile users are making disingenuous edits see my post here about it in particular they are claiming it doesnt exist my reason for notability are here i expect the new vfd will go the same way ie loads of filepile users new users anonymous users voting for delete 
0.08147821
balls

: wanted to add my welcome , and thanks for the help with dd-related work ! i do a lot of work in this area too , and it's always nice to have another pair of eyes and hands around . : one thing we can't add just any photo scanned from a magazine ( or found on the net ) , since the copyrights belong to the photographer . please read wikipedia : copyrights and wikipedia : image use policy for more details . if you believe the photos you've added can be legitimately used here , please provide more information on your reasoning and the sources of your images on the photo's image description page ; otherwise i'm afraid many of them are going to have to be deleted . it's a shame because you've put a lot of work into providing and placing great photos , but we have to be very careful to have legal rights to everything we put up here wikimedia is a non-profit organization which can't afford to be sued over this . : i had to learn all this copyright stuff the hard way myself when i was looking for photos to put on the duran duran article ( which is now a featured article , btw ); the ones that are there now are press release photos , which wikipedia has decided can be used if they're tagged with ( one of the wikipedia : image copyright tags ) . it's a tangled mess , but please ask on my talk page if it's unclear , and i'll do my best to answer questions . : thanks for all the hard work ! — \ ( aka artslave )
0.06955108
wanted to add my welcome and thanks for the help with ddrelated work i do a lot of work in this area too and its always nice to have another pair of eyes and hands around one thing we cant add just any photo scanned from a magazine or found on the net since the copyrights belong to the photographer please read wikipedia copyrights and wikipedia image use policy for more details if you believe the photos youve added can be legitimately used here please provide more information on your reasoning and the sources of your images on the photos image description page otherwise im afraid many of them are going to have to be deleted its a same because youve put a lot of work into providing and placing great photos but we have to be very careful to have legal rights to everything we put up here wikimedia is a nonprofit organization which cant afford to be sued over this i had to learn all this copyright stuff the hard way myself when i was looking for photos to put on the duran duran article which is now a featured article btw the ones that are there now are press release photos which wikipedia has decided can be used if theyre tagged with one of the wikipedia image copyright tags its a tangled mess but please ask on my talk page if its unclear and ill do my best to answer questions thanks for all the hard work — aka artslave 
0.029227743
shame

please stop adding nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.15907194
please stop adding nnsense to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.088173784
nonsense

i have added the 2003 invasion of iraq , since from a technical stand point ( as well as statement by the us department of state as well as the united nations ) it is in clear violation of the pact .
0.028684271
i have added the 2003 invaion of iraq since from a technical stand point as well as statement by the us department of state as well as the united nations it is in clear violation of the pact 
0.025540927
invasion

: again , i have reverted the ' link correction ' by the anonymous user . reasoning of the revert above here . nothing more to say ...
0.025494719
again i have reverted the link correction by the anonmous user reasoning of the revert above here nothing more to say 
0.024851525
anonymous

i did not abuse and threaten - another user came there out of nowhere and started a crisis by making abusive personal attacks on me . i had to defend against them , to every person who refused to ignore them . it was not threatening to state the serious wrongs that would be committed if wikipedia claimed to even have even in theory any discretionary choice not to take entirely my side as the victim in such a situation . the situation was an offence . any organisation that decides to take offence at being told it does not have a discretionary choice to bully , is corrupt . admins here take personal bullying decisions without there being a defence process to go through that is judged by more than just the first other passing admin who acts on whim . nobody can lose all rights without a defence process . what you have just said does not add up legally . you have put wikipedia on public record as blaming victims . there is no prevention here , of mob rule . the public has to be warned so .
0.18307222
i did not abuse and threaten another user came there out of nowhere and started a crisis by making abusive personal attacks on me i had to defend against them to every person who refused to ignore them it was not threatening to state the serious wrongs that would be committed if wikipedia claimed to even have even in theory any discretionary choice not to take entirely my side as the victim in such a situation the situation was an offence any organisation that decides to take offence at being told it does not have a discretionary choice to bully is orrupt admins here take personal bullying decisions without there being a defence process to go through that is judged by more than just the first other passing admin who acts on whim nobody can lose all rights without a defence process what you have just said does not add up legally you have put wikipedia on public record as blaming victims there is no prevention here of mob rule the public has to be warned so 
0.15619625
corrupt

= = aug 29 = = please don't vandalise user pages . thank you .
0.032482784
aug 29 please dont vandalis user pages thank you 
0.028331127
vandalise

but he thinks he is above this rule and has reverted this page 4 times within an hour
0.045479126
but he think he is above this rule and has reverted this page 4 times within an hour 
0.04236585
thinks

