: in my edit of i stated in the edit summary that i moved two whole sentences to controversy & viewpoints section . also trunkated the original sentences to remove pov . however , what i actually did was copy these sentences to the controversy & viewpoints section , left the original sentences in place and then truncated them to remove pov .
0.023295265
in my edit of i stated in the edit summary that i moved two whole sentence to controversy viewpoints section also trunkated the original senteces to remove pov however what i actually did was copy these senjences to the controversy viewpoints section left the original senences in place and then truncated them to remove pov 
0.019977836
sentences

: read the history and edit summary of others before you edit a page . the term military officiers includes soldiers and for s gundam , the story plot specifically states his skills are poor and he is still in training , that is why a nero trainer is on board the same ship , to train those poor kids ! the above warning is already level 4 , if you keep on adding random numbers and change wordings according to your own original research or speculation which introduces error , you will be blocked .
0.055727992
read the history and edit summary of others before you edit a page the term military officiers includes soldiers and for s gundam the story plot specifically states his skills are poor and he is still in training that is why a nero trainer is on board the same ship to train those poor kis the above warning is already level 4 if you keep on adding random numbers and change wordings according to your own original research or speculation which introduces error you will be blocked 
0.046489548
kids

psht.im dont care about page history . i deleted all this stuff because its full of blocked messages and image problems so i got rid of bad . personal attack , maybe you should go put one on yamla's page too , and on yours , ok ? ok .
0.31993195
pshtim dont care about page history i deleted all this stuff because its full of blocked messages and image problems so i got rid of bd personal attack maybe you should go put one on yamlas page too and on yours ok ok 
0.2487165
bad

= = david beckham = = thank you for that hilarious edit summary ! -)
0.05988642
david beckham thank you for that hilarious edi summary 
0.04936493
edit

= = your categorisation of me = = hi there , you say that you drive me crazy . that's not right , i was messed up long before i met you . :( i'm saying that in a self-mocking , only half-kidding tone .
0.2592756
your categorisation of me hi there you say that you drive me crzy thats not right i was messed up long before i met you im saying that in a selfmocking only halfkidding tone 
0.15807182
crazy

= = go ahead , block me = = go ahead block me , but everyone knows mtv sucks . god save the rock thank fuse oh and ... fuck yourself
0.96248055
go ahead block me go ahead block me but everyone knows mtv sucks god save the rock thank fuse oh and fuk yourself 
0.96043235
fuck

the ideology is about to uniting of turanians . if you don't know learn that those peoples are turks , hungarians and finns . not swahili or french and the article is not about just the word . 22:03 22 november 2006 ( utc )
0.10606981
the ideology is about to uniting of turanians if you dont know learn that those peoples are turks hungarians and finns not swahili or french and the article is not about just the word 2203 22 november 2006 tc 
0.057313643
utc

: excuse me , the information on wikipedia is judged on citable sources , and not necessarily the truth , as one sees it . and most certainly not truthiness . if the reliable source , or if any overwhelmingly number of reliable sources don't quite reflect one's perception of the truth , whatever that truth is , tough poop .
0.22718938
excuse me the information on wikipedia is judged on citable sources and not necessarily the truth as one sees it and most certainly not truthiness if the reliable source or if any overwhelmingly number of reliable sources dont quite reflect ones perception of the truth whatever that truth is tough poo 
0.16624545
poop

= = re : happy turkey day !!!!! = = thank you very much , and i wish you the same ! ise
0.064202495
re happy turky day thank you very much and i wish you the same ise 
0.031233966
turkey

= = halo ce chronicles = = hello , and welcome to wikipedia ! we welcome and appreciate your contributions , such as halo ce chronicles , but we regretfully cannot accept copyrighted text or images borrowed from either web sites or printed material . this article appears to be a direct copy from http://hcec.halomaps.org/ . as a copyright violation , halo ce chronicles appears to qualify for speedy deletion under the speedy deletion criteria . halo ce chronicles has been tagged for deletion , and may have been deleted by the time you see this message . if the source is a credible one , please consider rewriting the content and citing the source . if you believe that the article is not a copyright violation , or if you have permission from the copyright holder to release the content freely under the gfdl , you can comment to that effect on talk : halo ce chronicles . if the article has already been deleted , but you have a proper release , you can reenter the content at halo ce chronicles , after describing the release on the talk page . however , you may want to consider rewriting the content in your own words . thank you , and please feel free to continue contributing to wikipedia . |
0.00781302
halo ie chronicles hello and welcome to wikipedia we welcome and appreciate your contributions such as halo c chronicles but we regretfully cannot accept copyrighted text or images borrowed from either web sites or printed material this article appears to be a direct copy from httphcechalomapsorg as a copyright violation halo  e chronicles appears to qualify for speedy deletion under the speedy deletion criteria halo ec chronicles has been tagged for deletion and may have been deleted by the time you see this message if the source is a credible one please consider rewriting the content and citing the source if you believe that the article is not a copyright violation or if you have permission from the copyright holder to release the content freely under the gfdl you can comment to that effect on talk halo e chronicles if the article has already been deleted but you have a proper release you can reenter the content at halo e chronicles after describing the release on the talk page however you may want to consider rewriting the content in your own words thank you and please feel free to continue contributing to wikipedia 
0.005103197
ce

thanks d ive added information on some of the promo discs ive found out about , not sure if these are that essential , but added them anyway as some .. in paticular nmni have exrta tracks not previously released ( )
0.012761603
thanks d ive added information on some of the promo discs ive found out about not sure if these are that essential but added them anyway as some in paticular nmni ave exrta tracks not previously released 
0.012379383
have

= = copyright problems with image : carmenelectasundance . jpg = = an image that you uploaded , image : carmenelectasundance . jpg , has been listed at wikipedia : copyright problems because it is a suspected copyright violation . please look there if you know that the image is legally usable on wikipedia ( you may have to search for the title of the image to find its entry ) , and then provide the necessary information there and on its page , if you are interested in it not being deleted . thank you .
0.016848706
copyright problems with image carmenelectasundance jpg an image that you uploaded image carmenelectasundance jpg has been listed at wikipedia copyright problems because it is a suspected copyright violaion please look there if you know that the image is legally usable on wikipedia you may have to search for the title of the image to find its entry and then provide the necessary information there and on its page if you are interested in it not being deleted thank you 
0.01659696
violation

::: that's wrong !!! i also spoke with ign and david hayter is the voice . docbengal didn't understand that andrew anthony did the voice for the tv commercials- that's it . it also says that right on that article from ign . the line for the commercials is , if it's in the game , it's in the game . daivd hayter does the voice for the game ; it's even in the credits at the end of the game . someone esle should add it in ; it's pretty funny how people are idiots and their think their all rough with their information . take that . i'm done .
0.37271246
thats wrong i also spoke with ign and david hayter is the voice docbengal didnt understand that andrew anthony did the voice for the tv commercials thats it it also says that right on that article from ign the line for the commercials is if its in the game its in the game daivd hayter does the voice for the game its even in the credits at the end of the game someone esle should add it in its pretty funny how people are idits and their think their all rough with their information take that im done 
0.045590334
idiots

= = lil flip the king of the south ? = = as much respect i have for lil flip , and as much as i prefer to call him the king of the south rather than t.i. , it doesn't seem very professional to say he deafeted t.i. for the title unless you have a source conferming it , you could prehaps say that he is considered king of the south by some instead of t.i. , but flat out calling him the king isn't right
0.060494803
lil flip the king of the south as much respect i have for lil flip and as much as i prefer to call him the king of the south rather than ti it doesnt seem very professional to say he deafeted ti for the title unless you have a source conferming it you could prehaps say that he is considered king of the south by some instead of ti but flt out calling him the king isnt right 
0.04588961
flat

:: listen here , for the second time , how the f . did this frequent mention has been made of the moldavian soviet republic . ( that is the god dammned 20th century !!! ) it is not generally known that the lower dniester is an almost purely roumanian stream . transformed itself into this charles upson clark , claims that the lower dniester , in 1792 was an almost purely romanian stream ??????????????? am i a cretin or what ????????? do i suffer from some mental illness , and can t use simple logic or what ??????? tell me !! is it me ?????? tell me , and i ll leave all of you alone ! god !!!!!
0.40569153
listen here for the second time how the f did this frequent mention has been made of the moldavian soviet republic that is the god dammned 20th century it is not generally known that the lower dniester is an almost purely roumanian stream transformed itself into this charles upson clark claims that the lower dniester in 1792 was an almost purely romanian stream am i a cretin or what do i suffer from some menal illness and can t use simple logic or what tell me is it me tell me and i ll leave all of you alone god 
0.24044465
mental

: i see .. although you could add rationales to the new images , and explain their source more specifically . also , please sign your post using ~~~~ .
0.010899119
i see although you could add rationales to the new images and explain their source more specifically also please sign your ost using 
0.009053891
post

