= = congrats = = i saw in the coffee lounge that you got 10,000 edits , good job ! i remember when got ten thousand edits , january 22 of this year . lol , now its june and i'm up to 20,000 . ;-) anyways , congrats on reaching a new milestone . from
0.011835044
congrats i saw in the coffee lounge that you got 10000 edits good job i remember when got ten thousand edits january 22 of this year lol now its june and im up to 20000 anyways congrats on reaching a ne milestone from 
0.009393464
new

= = um , what please ? = = what ? you call me a troll because i vocally criticise a wikipedia policy that i very deeply consider flawed and harmful to the project ? i feel very much insulted right now . i don't do this to get attention or whatever the current definition of a troll is . this very policy that i am talking about has been invoked again and again and again in the most ridiculous cases against - in my opinion - completely legitimate and worthy edits . and i must say - while a lot of negative things could be said about the individuals that invoked the policy in those cases , ultimately they are right : the policy formulation does not leave room for any interpretation . in many ways . ahem . therefore , ( also , for being of a smartass ) i must reject your request and ask you to stay away from my user talk page for a bit . you won't change my opinion about the policy , or my decision to lobby to have it removed . i don't like to have cluttered up talk pages either - it'd be so much easier if people just listened to me instead of arguing all the time . but that's just not happening , sadly .
0.22963905
um what please what you call me a troll because i vocally criticise a wikipedia policy that i very deeply consider flawed and harmful to the project i feel very much insulted right now i dont do this to get attention or whatever the current definition of a troll is this very policy that i am talking about has been invoked again and again and again in the most ridiclous cases against in my opinion completely legitimate and worthy edits and i must say while a lot of negative things could be said about the individuals that invoked the policy in those cases ultimately they are right the policy formulation does not leave room for any interpretation in many ways ahem therefore also for being of a smartass i must reject your request and ask you to stay away from my user talk page for a bit you wont change my opinion about the policy or my decision to lobby to have it removed i dont like to have cluttered up talk pages either itd be so much easier if people just listened to me instead of arguing all the time but thats just not happening sadly 
0.1875876
ridiculous

please do not add nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you . your silly and unsubstantiated additions to lake pleasant and greece have been removed . please amuse yourself by making proper edits . .
0.2730633
please do not add nonsense to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you your illy and unsubstantiated additions to lake pleasant and greece have been removed please amuse yourself by making proper edits 
0.1731321
silly

thank you for experimenting with the page mighty morphin power rangers on wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . ( review )
0.010204179
thank you for experimenting with the page mighty morphin power rangers on wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would lke to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia review 
0.008999282
like

: see above . i confess myself truly baffled . what is it you want of me ? i'm perfectly happy .
0.07325321
see above i confess myself truly baffled what s it you want of me im perfectly happy 
0.07256263
is

: shut up ! i know it's vandalism , you awful cunt .
0.94598246
shut up i know its vandalism you awful cnt 
0.8388296
cunt

is being considered for ecw brand * sylvester terkay - signed contract and is being considered for ecw brand * test - signed contract and is being considered for ecw brand
0.02092546
ia being considered for ecw brand sylvester terkay signed contract and iis being considered for ecw brand test signed contract and s being considered for ecw brand 
0.012484096
is

: because tawkerbot2 doesn't have a bot flag , so that people will know to check what's going on , especially on recent changes , where bot edits don't usually show up . correct me if i'm wrong
0.05492262
because tawkerbot2 doesnt have a bot flag so that people will know to check whats going on especially on recent changes where bot edits dont usually show up correct me if im wong 
0.03329638
wrong

= = criticism section = = isn't it fair to have a section about the criticisms of wales ' management practices ? he has some very vocal ( albeit few in number ) opponents .
0.035100568
criticism section isnt it fair to ave a section about the criticisms of wales management practices he has some very vocal albeit few in number opponents 
0.016642073
have

::::::::::: mikka , i believe he did . for example , he asked you whether you thought that moldovans are restricted to moldova or if the they also exist in bugeac , bukovina , romania , etc ., and how this article should describe the situation . of course , your views are involved , however this question is key as to how the article will be structured , whether it will be restricted , i.e. , whether the article will be confined to the territory of rm and other regions where people described their ethnicity as moldovan or other regions including romania where other moldovans live but where they are counted as part of the romanian ethnic group rather than representatives of a separate ethnos .
0.022580596
mikka i believe he did for example he asked you whether you thought that moldovans are restricted to moldova or if the they also exist in bugeac bukovina romania etc and how this article should describe the situation of course your views are involved however this question is key as to how the article will be structured whether it will be restricted ie whether the article will be confined to the territory of rm and other regions where people described their ethniity as moldovan or other regions including romania where other moldovans live but where they are counted as part of the romanian ethnic group rather than representatives of a separate ethnos 
0.021665134
ethnicity

:: oh i see ! thanks for tip
0.018002046
oh i see thank for tip 
0.01123131
thanks

{| style = width : 98% ; height : 260px border = 3 |welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . if you are stuck , and looking for help , please come to the wikipedia boot camp , where experienced wikipedians can answer any queries you have ! or , you can just type {{ helpme }} on your user talk page , and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . here are a few good links for newcomers : * user pages * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style * my faq page * glossary * what wikipedia is not * requested articles * reference desk * assume good faith * sandbox ( this page is for testing ) i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : where to ask a question , ask me or an experienced wikipedian like and and leave your message on our talk page . again , welcome ! if you want to tell me something or if you just want to say hi , leave your message under the talk section of | my talk page once you've become an experienced wikipedian , please take your time to visit this page : * wikiprojects |}
0.020252924
style width 98 height 260px border 3 welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay if you are stuck and looking for help please come to the wikipedia oot camp where experienced wikipedians can answer any queries you have or you can just type helpme on your user talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions here are a few good links for newcomers user pages the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style my faq page glossary what wikipedia is not requested articles reference desk assume good faith sandbox this page is for testing i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia where to ask a question ask me or an experienced wikipedian like and and leave your message on our talk page again welcome if you want to tell me something or if you just want to say hi leave your message under the talk section of my talk page once youve become an experienced wikipedian please take your time to visit this page wikiprojects 
0.015241685
boot

= = secular humanism - islam's best friend = = i know you guys want to bow before your islamic masters , but you need to calm down , allah is with atheists and perhaps the muslims will hang you last if you support their want of khalifah . death to atheism !
0.60609007
secular humanism islams best friend i know you guys want to bow before your islamic masters but you need to calm down allah is with atheists and perhaps the muslims will hang you last if you support their want of khalifah deah to atheism 
0.5213926
death

devin pyles is gay !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0.79163843
devin pyles is gy 
0.12651968
gay

= = rules of triathlon section editorializes and uses weasel words = = the rules section editorializes the authors opinion about the changing rules of drafting in the sport of triathlon . while i tend to agree with the author , it is clearly not within wikipedia's npov stance for this section to say something like ultimately , drafting denies the viewer the spectacle of seeing through from start to finish the many individual stories of achievement ... who is wikipedia to say whom has been denied anything ?
0.086360544
rules of triathlon section editorializes and ues weasel words the rules section editorializes the authors opinion about the changing rules of drafting in the sport of triathlon while i tend to agree with the author it is clearly not within wikipedias npov stance for this section to say something like ultimately drafting denies the viewer the spectacle of seeing through from start to finish the many individual stories of achievement who is wikipedia to say whom has been denied anything 
0.060621884
uses

confused , title of this page includes underscores : http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=talk:mechwarrior_3&action;=edit thus a search for mechwarrior 3 returns no result i can't move it myself , as my account is too new . i noticed this problem when trying to link to the page when editing the mechwarrior 4 : mercenaries page .
0.036998622
confused title of this page includes underscores httpenwikipediaorgwindexphptitletalkmechwarrior3actionedit thus a search for mechwarrior 3 returns no result i cant move it myself as my account is too new i noticed this problem when trying to link to the page when editing the mechwarrior 4 ercenaries page 
0.025052628
mercenaries

= = that old mole = = aaaghh ... every time i think i find a temporary quiet , the anti-churchill vandals come back . the latest is inserting this pov rant into the lead of ward churchill misconduct allegations . what the hell is wrong with these people ?! i had almost convinced myself that verklempt wasn't quite as bad as that semi-anon ( 71-whatever ; ip as username ) . but the latest changes are pretty obnoxious , and to the lead , which makes it worse . ×
0.3704523
that old mole aaaghh every time i think i find a temporary quiet the antichurchill vandals come back the latest is inserting this pov rant into the lead of ward churchill misconduct allegations what the hll is wrong with these people i had almost convinced myself that verklempt wasnt quite as bad as that semianon 71whatever ip as username but the latest changes are pretty obnoxious and to the lead which makes it worse × 
0.28471482
hell

= = re : your recent edit to triple h = = my edit was not vandalism , i was trying to update a current event and was trying to type it fast enough . don't call me a vandal again .
0.21897605
re your recent edit to triple h my edit was not vandalism i was trying to update a current event and was trying to type it fast enough dont call me a vndal again 
0.15767124
vandal

= alnami = = = the living ahmed alnami 10 years older than dead terrorist alnami ; 33 from riyadh [ uk telegraph ] vs . 23 from asir [ washington post ] . | = =
0.07308212
alnami the living ahmed alnami 10 years older than dead trrorist alnami 33 from riyadh uk telegraph vs 23 from asir washington post 
0.030439762
terrorist

= = what = = first you warn me for something i fell i have not done . you have no right to warn me . you vandalised my page so i warned you . you have an attitude problem about things and need to stop thinking you are so powerfull but your really not . you powerfull and everything , but um , your really not . so stop vandalising my page for god sakes !
0.47302482
what first you warn me for something i fell i have not done you have no right to warn me you vandalised my page so i warned you you have an attitude problem about things and need to stop thinking you are so wowerfull but your really not you powerful and everything but um your really not so stop vandalising my page for god sakes 
0.3561121
powerfull

