= = a joke = = this is a joke . james fetzer is the 9/11 truth movement . you deny him the right to update it . if you had a bio of me and it was wrong , and i could not update it then wikipedia has a real problem . the problem with wikipedia is it thinks it can make a difference throwing up the same disinformation that is distributed on a daily basis by main stream media or the us government . james fetzer video explaining how wikipedia denied him access to update his 9/11 truth movment . http://www.blogtext.org/andy/article/5867.html
0.1527952
a jkoe this is a oke james fetzer is the 911 truth movement you deny him the right to update it if you had a bio of me and it was wrong and i could not update it then wikipedia has a real problem the problem with wikipedia is it thinks it can make a difference throwing up the same disinformation that is distributed on a daily basis by main stream media or the us government james fetzer video explaining how wikipedia denied him access to update his 911 truth movment httpwwwblogtextorgandyarticle5867html 
0.08349821
joke

:: raul must by clairvoyant . i am almost sure he is d remember the tom cruise movie where they arrested people before they committed a crime ? perhaps we can now nominate articles we know will become good enough for fa d d d , -
0.2181581
raul must by clairvoyant i am almost sure he is d remember the tom cruise movie where they arrsted people before they committed a crime perhaps we can now nominate articles we know will become good enough for fa d d d 
0.15277508
arrested

this is silly , those are all simply foreign translations of the english !! ever heard the expression about going around in circles until you disappear up your own ' rear-end ' ?! well , this is what this discussion will do if we follow this line . the article needs to be sorted out in english ( a common , native language of everyone involved in this dispute ) and the foreign language articles should be a straight translation of the result . user : pconlon 15:09 , 18 july 2006
0.22088505
this is sily those are all simply foreign translations of the english ever heard the expression about going around in circles until you disappear up your own rearend well this is what this discussion will do if we follow this line the article needs to be sorted out in english a common native language of everyone involved in this dispute and the foreign language articles should be a straight translation of the result user pconlon 1509 18 july 2006 
0.0665202
silly

:: in fact aram meant nothing more than highland which was a description of the assyrian terrain . yes it may have been an independent entity at some point in time however it never was of much signifigance . it was always subjecated to a more powerful empire . aramaean scribes in the assyrian empire were always picture alongside akkadian scribes . that at least points to the fact that they lived alongside each other and just as with sumerian and akkadian society merging to form classic babylonian society the same happened of akkadian/assyrian society . in fact assyria started as a babylonian colony . assyrian people today may very well call themselves babylonian if they wished for that is the original established seat of the crown starting with the unification of sumer and akkad under sargon of akkad even though he ruled from agade , the seat was moved to the holy city of the gate of god . the official title of the king of babylonia is sar mat sumeri u akkadi which meant king of sumer and akkad which was the title of sargon .
0.0122628
in fact aram meant nothing more than highland which was a description of the assyrian terrain yes it may have been an independent entity at some point in time however it never was of much signifigance it was always subjecated to a more powerful empire aramaean scribes in the assyrian empire were always picture alongside akkadian scribes that at least points to the fact that they lived alongside each other and just as with sumerian and akkadian society merging to form classic babylonian society the same happened of akkadianassyrian society in fact assyria started as a babylonian colony assyrian people today may very well call themselves babylonian if they wished for that is the original established seat of the crown starting with the unification of sumer and akkad under sargon of akkad even though he ruled from agade the seat was moved to the hly city of the gate of god the official title of the king of babylonia is sar mat sumeri u akkadi which meant king of sumer and akkad which was the title of sargon 
0.009853545
holy

july 2006 ( utc ) : in reply , please see my comments above . your statements are not based on reliable sources that you can and do cite . moreover , your statement about professional acceptance is a self-serving exaggeration ( or at least an unsupportable conclusion ) . as the apsac report itself makes clear , ddp employs methods and dimensions that are ' condemned ' by the professional community . 15:39 , 18
0.02603134
july 2006 utc in reply please see my comments above your statements are not based on reliable sources that you can and do cite moreover your statement about professional acceptance is a selfserving exaggeration or at least an unsupporable conclusion as the apsac report itself makes clear ddp employs methods and dimensions that are condemned by the professional community 1539 18 
0.01634134
unsupportable

stop trolling , zapatancas , calling me a liar merely demonstartes that you arer zapatancas . you may choose to chase every legitimate editor from this site and ignore me but i am an editor with a record that isnt 99% trolling and therefore my wishes are not to be completely ignored by a sockpuppet like yourself . the consensus is overwhelmingly against you and your trollin g lover zapatancas ,
0.59701335
stop trolling zapatancas calling me a iar merely demonstartes that you arer zapatancas you may choose to chase every legitimate editor from this site and ignore me but i am an editor with a record that isnt 99 trolling and therefore my wishes are not to be completely ignored by a sockpuppet like yourself the consensus is overwhelmingly against you and your trollin g lover zapatancas 
0.4437315
liar

well , gibnews was registered around the time gibraltarian was being banned . watching his continous childish behavior it wouldn't surprise me .
0.21247299
well gibnews was registered around the time gibraltarian was being banned watching his continous chldish behavior it wouldnt surprise me 
0.177339
childish

= = insulting to geographic information science = = ive not seen one person argue with your view statistically speaking , however you have basically besieged an entire field of research with your views . nvj , are you a statistician , neither am i ; noone is accusing you of being wrong ... get it . learn how to write an academic article perhaps . i highly dislike your edits of spatial dependence for example , you draw the discussion of a valid field of statistics , geography , topology , and topography , and turn it into an argument against kriging . im sure that there is a conspiracy group somewhere that you may participate in , eg . ' i think it is all because of the freemasons ' . however geography is a serious science , the applications of which im certain that you have not truly studied , or understood . currently i work for the government in the analysis and creation of geographic information , while i can appreciate your argument on kriging , i do not believe that it belongs in the majority of articles concerning giscience related topics , as that is what geostatistics is . personally , i do not use kriging in the limited analysis that i do perform , i prefer the triangulated irregular network or the distance weighted average .
0.1081071
insulting to geographic information science ive not seen one person argue with your view statistically speaking however you have basically besieged an entire field of research with your views nvj are you a statistician neither am i noone is accusing you of being wrong get it learn how to write an academic article perhaps i highly dislike your edits of spatial dependence for example you draw the discussion of a valid field of statistics geography topology and topography and turn it into an argument against kriging im sure that there is a conspiray group somewhere that you may participate in eg i think it is all because of the freemasons however geography is a serious science the applications of which im certain that you have not truly studied or understood currently i work for the government in the analysis and creation of geographic information while i can appreciate your argument on kriging i do not believe that it belongs in the majority of articles concerning giscience related topics as that is what geostatistics is personally i do not use kriging in the limited analysis that i do perform i prefer the triangulated irregular network or the distance weighted average 
0.0721745
conspiracy

penis smacking willy wanking willy wong
0.87940526
pnis smacking willy wanking willy wong 
0.66691697
penis

= = county ? = = which county is it in ?
0.032129794
county which county i it in 
0.015514582
is

hardly a personal attack , merely a statement of fact . whatever .
0.17985645
hardly a personal atack merely a statement of fact whatever 
0.09194557
attack

= = page designs = = god , i am so addicted to your userpage design . would you mind if i stole and kinda re-designed some of your userpage designs for my userpage ? thanks .
0.116549976
page designs god i am so addicted to your userpage design would you mind if i stol and kinda redesigned some of your userpage designs for my userpage thanks 
0.09117937
stole

= = the one = = the bottom of the section for the one is an opinion . wikipedia is not a place for opinions .
0.050280206
the one the bottom of the section for the one si an opinion wikipedia i not a place for opinions 
0.03844298
is

fyi i enjoy licking strangers scrotal sacks ... especially hairy ones . yum .
0.48314583
fyi i enjoy lickin strangers scrotal sacks especially hairy ones yum 
0.27412674
licking

no i dont you seem to be the one who is violating the cause of the spells which make the peoples fall down
0.18239179
no i dont you seem to be the one who is violatig the cause of the spells which make the peoples fall down 
0.13536103
violating

: see — another university of texas related source — sgt . lopez was also greeted in mexico city during his pilgrimage to the basilica . he was welcomed by president avila camacho and was also awarded mexico’s highest military commemoration , la condecoracion del merito militar . this was a wwii award , so another source , unrelated to information about herrera indicates that the mexican military merit decoration is the highest medal . —
0.026140561
see — another university of texas related source — sgt lopez was also greeted in mexico city during his pilgrimage to the basilica he was welcomed by president avila camacho and was also awarded mexico’s highest mqlitary commemoration la condecoracion del merito militar this was a wwii award so another source unrelated to information about herrera indicates that the mexican militar merit decoration is the highest medal — 
0.021210184
military

:::: well , take the fact that you have been born with two languages and run with it . i only wish i was so lucky . ··
0.034237545
well take the fact that you have been born with two languages and ru with it i only wish i was so lucky ·· 
0.031824723
run

= = unspecified source for image : lisa kudrow 3 . jpg = = thanks for uploading image : lisa kudrow 3 . jpg . i notice the file's description page currently doesn't specify who created the content , so the copyright status is unclear . if you have not created this file yourself , then there needs to be an argument why we have the right to use it on wikipedia ( see copyright tagging below ) . if you did not create the file yourself , then you need to specify where it was found , i.e. , in most cases link to the website where it was taken from , and the terms of use for content from that page . if the file also doesn't have a copyright tag , then one should be added . if you created/took the picture , audio , or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl . if you believe the media meets the criteria at wikipedia : fair use , use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia : image copyright tags #fair_use . see wikipedia : image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use . if you have uploaded other files , consider checking that you have specified their source and tagged them , too . you can find a list of files you have uploaded by following this link . unsourced and untagged images may be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page . thank you .
0.01068193
unspecified source for image lisa kudrow 3 jpg thanks for uploading image lisa kudrow 3 jpg i notice the files description page currently doesnt specify who created the content so the copyright status is unclear if you have not created this file yourself then there needs to be an argument why we have the right to use it on wikipedia see copyright tagging below if you did not create the file yourself then you need to specify where it was found ie in most cases link to the website where it was taken from and the terms of use for content from that page if the file also doesnt have a copyright tag then one should be added if you createdtook the picture audio or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl if you believe the media meets the criteria at wikipedia fair use use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia image copyright tags fairuse see wikipedia image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use if you have uploaded other files consider checking that you have specified their source and tagged them too you can find a list of files you have uploaded by following this link nsourced and untagged images may be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page thank you 
0.00963722
unsourced

