= = 7 seconds of love = = i've added the template to the article 7 seconds of love , suggesting that it be deleted according to the proposed deletion process . all contributions are appreciated , but i don't believe it satisfies wikipedia's criteria for inclusion , and i've explained why in the deletion notice ( see also wikipedia : what wikipedia is not and wikipedia : notability ) . please either work to improve the article if the topic is worthy of inclusion in wikipedia , or , if you disagree , discuss the issues raised at talk : 7 seconds of love . if you remove the template , the article will not be deleted , but note that it may still be sent to wikipedia : articles for deletion , where it may be deleted if consensus to delete is reached .
0.012256079
7 secnds of love ive added the template to the article 7 s e c o n d s of love suggesting that it be deleted according to the proposed deletion process all contributions are appreciated but i dont believe it satisfies wikipedias criteria for inclusion and ive explained why in the deletion notice see also wikipedia what wikipedia is not and wikipedia notability please either work to improve the article if the topic is worthy of inclusion in wikipedia or if you disagree discuss the issues raised at talk 7 seonds of love if you remove the template the article will not be deleted but note that it may still be sent to wikipedia articles for deletion where it may be deleted if consensus to delete is reached 
0.010799416
seconds

= = bush = = please provide a source for your george bush claim , either that or dont replace it again ,
0.15234071
bush please provide a source for your george bush claim either that or dot replace it again 
0.121088035
dont

using swedish and russian names = supporting imperialism .
0.16156068
using swedish and rssian names supporting imperialism 
0.15548491
russian

= = please = = save davis ' sweet rockin ' wikipedia webpage . he is all i have left . he is the ruler of mankind and he knows how to rock . praise jesus , michael row the boat ashore .
0.16533385
please save davis sweet rockin wikipedia webpage he is all i have left he is the ruler of mankind and he knows how to rock praise jesus michael row the oat ashore 
0.16062747
boat

==[ don murphy ] = = please immediately ban user 208.69.112.58 who just keeps vandalizing the page colscott
0.15139426
don murphy please immediately an user 2086911258 who just keeps vandalizing the page colscott 
0.09721332
ban

sorry monkey the page got locked while we figure out who you are and report you to your employer . you got pwned !
0.41435307
sorry mnkey the page got locked while we figure out who you are and report you to your employer you got pwned 
0.31405115
monkey

you think im stupid or smth ? quit using this ip for vandalism or we'll be both blocked .
0.75217396
you think im stpid or smth quit using this ip for vandalism or well be both blocked 
0.28887996
stupid

= = bot error = = orphanbot applied an incorrect tag to an image . see — the image had tag already on it ; the bot tagged it with . why is the bot misidentifying licensed images ? — : the image has only the simple assertion that it is in the public domain . it needs source information so that it's possible for this to be verified .
0.013662573
bot error orphanbot applied an incorrect tag to an image see — the image had tag already on it the bot tagged it with why s the bot misidentifying licensed images — the image has only the simple assertion that it s in the public domain it needs source information so that its possible for this to be verified 
0.009413915
is

= = new article = = hey bogdan , i finially decided to create the istro-romanians article today ( mostly split-off from istro-romanian language ) . if you would like to contribute , that would be great . thanks ,
0.02330527
ne article hey bogdan i finially decided to create the istroromanians article today mostly splitoff from istroromanian language if you would like to contribute that would be great thanks 
0.018074488
new

: it's licenced under pd , meaning you can use it for any purpose . thanks for asking though . 20:54 , 19 november 2006
0.005259782
its licenced under pd meaning you can use it for any purpose thank for asking though 2054 19 november 2006 
0.003698624
thanks

hi charles , it's dave . the people who have posted are certainly not sock-puppets of mine ; a few have offered contact details to verify their identities to +prove+ they are not sock-puppets . i'm really tired with all this and very keen to find a compromise . i offered what i thought was a reasonable compromise tonight and felix immediately deleted it ( including the enhanced section on global warming that you wrote and i much preferred ) . felix and i are clearly going to keep alternating edits , me putting them in , him cutting , me putting them back , etc etc , which seems like a real waste of time . that isn't good for wiki , and it's frankly very tedious . if you could check in to the discussion and just adjudicate on ( a ) the public domain picture i keep posting , and ( b ) the sections on nuclear disarmament , global warming and the line and the environment , it would really save a lot of time . if you decide against me i will totally abide by that ; if you decide against felix , i hope he will too . - dave
0.07016312
hi charles its dave the people who have posted are certainly not sockpuppets of mine a few have offered contact details to verify their identities to prove they are not sockpuppets im really tired with all this and very keen to find a compromise i offered what i thought was a reasonable compromise tonight and felix immediately deleted it including the enhanced section on global warming that you wrote and i much preferred felix and i are clearly going to keep alternating edits me putting them in him cutting me putting them back etc etc which seems like a real waste of time that isnt good for wiki and its frankly very tedious if you could check in to the discussion and just adjudicate on a the public domain picture i keep posting and b the sections on nuclear isarmament global warming and the line and the environment it would really save a lot of time if you decide against me i will totally abide by that if you decide against felix i hope he will too dave 
0.048068594
disarmament

: probably when you are asleep ! but if i find will do !
0.063100696
probably when you ar asleep but if i find will do 
0.050729528
are

for the record , larson was working on a battlestar pegasus movie for about 8-9 months when it became apparent that universal wasn't going to go anywhere with the galactica franchise . it turned out that larson did have the rights through some contractual snafu on universal's part to do anything with commander cain and the pegasus , and his planned film involved the search for an ancient battlestar called the atlantis , which was built by the 13th tribe and deliberately left in a secret location with the maps to earth . the film would have dealt with the search , a major battle with the cylons , and the recovery and use of the maps to reach earth , all w/o involving the galactica or the rtf other than being mentioned . the first article google shows is this one : . and the wikipedia set up for bsg had this one : [] , although i'm not sure about whether there's some wikirule about referencing other mini-wikis . the john larocque article on the attempt is at : [] . hollywood north report has a short blurb about the larson effort , but seeing as how their site has a * lot * of popups from spammers attempting to load trojans and spyware , i'll quote it here to save your systems : in the spring of 1999 , it was announced that glen larson was making plans to bring galactica to the silver screen . impressed with the visual effects and style of the independently financed film wing commander , larson paired with its producer , todd moyer , on an estimated $40-50 million film that was to shoot later that year in luxembourg . the story picked up where the series left off , but followed the exploits of commander cain and the battlestar pegasus ( made famous in the original series episode , the living legend , guest starring the late lloyd bridges ) . in the concept , commander cain's search for the lost battlestar galactica leads him to contemporary earth , which , according to the story , was settled by humans who arrived here during prehistoric times on the very first battlestar , atlantis . special effects were to be handled by moyer's company , no prisoners 3dfx , utilizing several of the artists who worked on wing commander . moyer planned to update some of galactica's ships , including giving the vipers the ability to morph into mechanized walkers-à la the transformers-when on planet surfaces . moreover , he and larson planned to expand the galactica franchise to include an imax film , a theme ride , and a new line of merchandise . then , as quickly as it had been announced , the project vanished from the radar screen . it has been suggested that larson and moyer ultimately found themselves at odds over significant creative issues . it has also been suggested that the film rights to battlestar galactica were still in some dispute . in either case , the project disappeared into the ethers . iirc , cylon.org had a page on this at one time , but since they revised their site this one and its copies of the concept drawings they had have disappeared .
0.024809366
for the record larson was working on a battlestar pegasus movie for about 89 months when it became apparent that universal wasnt going to go anywhere with the galactica franchise it turned out that larson did have the rights through some contractual snafu on universals part to do anything with commander cain and the pegasus and his planned film involved the search for an ancient battlestar called the atlantis which was built by the 13th tribe and deliberately left in a secret location with the maps to earth the film would have dealt with the search a major battle with the cylons and the recovery and use of the maps to reach earth all wo involving the galactica or the rtf other than being mentioned the first article google shows is this one and the wikipedia set up for bsg had this one although im not sure about whether theres some wikirule about referencing other miniwikis the john larocque article on the attempt is at hollywood north report has a short blurb about the larson effort but seeing as how their site has a lot of popups from spammers attempting to load trojans and spyware ill quote it here to save your systems in the spring of 1999 it was announced that glen larson was making plans to bring galactica to the silver screen impressed with the visual effects and style of the independently financed film wing commander larson paired with its producer todd moyer on an estimated 4050 million film that was to shoot later that year in luxembourg the story picked up where the series left off but followed the exploits of commander cain and the battlestar pegasus made famous in the original series episode the living legend guest starring the late lloyd bridges in the concept commander cains search for the lost battlestar galactica leads him to contemporary earth which according to the story was settled by humans who arrived here during prehistoric times on the very first battlestar atlantis special effects were to be handled by moyers company no prisoners 3dfx utilizing several of the artists who worked on wing commander moyer planned to update some of galacticas ships including giving the vpers the ability to morph into mechanized walkersà la the transformerswhen on planet surfaces moreover he and larson planned to expand the galactica franchise to include an imax film a theme ride and a new line of merchandise then as quickly as it had been announced the project vanished from the radar screen it has been suggested that larson and moyer ultimately found themselves at odds over significant creative issues it has also been suggested that the film rights to battlestar galactica were still in some dispute in either case the project disappeared into the ethers iirc cylonorg had a page on this at one time but since they revised their site this one and its copies of the concept drawings they had have disappeared 
0.01032671
vipers

: i think serven made an error on the patent numbers , then . : the citation you removed is the us patent office database there's no way to link directly to an individual patent there , which is the reason i cited the database and included information in the footnote about how to see the patent itself . take a look at #138 it isn't issued to colt , it has nothing to do with guns , and it was issued in the wrong year . then take a look at x9430 : for a revolver , issued to s . colt on feb . 25 , 1836 . ( for both of those , you have to enter the number of the patent you want to see , then click the option to see images there are no transcriptions , but they have scans of the original documents . ) : the link i gave above x-patent discusses the patents that were destroyed . prior to 1837 ( and the fire that destroyed the patent office's copies of those first patents ) patents weren't numbered . after the fire , in 1837 , the patent office started numbering all new patents , beginning at 1 . they also started trying to recover extant copies of old patents , and numbering them as they found them , but beginning with x1 . so pre-fire ( 1836 and earlier ) patents are x-series , post-fire patents don't have the x . the patent colt was issued in 1836 was an x-series patent , because it was issued before the fire . anything without an ' x ' can't be the right patent number for that date . : when sources conflict , we need to go with the primary sources above secondary sources . and the actual scans maintained by the patent office are about as primary as we can get on this issue .
0.02360231
i think serven made an error on the patent numbers then the citation you removed is the us patent office database theres no way to link directly to an individual patent there which is the reason i cited the database and included information in the footnote about how to see the patent itself take a look at 138 it isnt issued to colt it has nothing to do with guns and it was issued in the wrong year then take a look at x9430 for a revolver issued to s colt on feb 25 1836 for both of those you have to enter the number of the patent you want to see then click the option to see images there are no transcriptions but they have scans of the original documents the link i gave above xpatent discusses the patents that were destoryed prior to 1837 and the fire that estroyed the patent offices copies of those first patents patents werent numbered after the fire in 1837 the patent office started numbering all new patents beginning at 1 they also started trying to recover extant copies of old patents and numbering them as they found them but beginning with x1 so prefire 1836 and earlier patents are xseries postfire patents dont have the x the patent colt was issued in 1836 was an xseries patent because it was issued before the fire anything without an x cant be the right patent number for that date when sources conflict we need to go with the primary sources above secondary sources and the actual scans maintained by the patent office are about as primary as we can get on this issue 
0.021784
destroyed

= = did someone say shells ? = = iowa-class battleships . ]]
0.11134971
did someone say shells iowaclass battleshis 
0.09915861
battleships

= = wikipedia : wikiproject munich = = would you like to participate in wikipedia : wikiproject munich ?
0.012145957
wikipedia wikiproject munich would you like to particpate in wikipedia wikiproject munich 
0.009226467
participate

i take some offense to you not liking cena because even though he doesn't have much wrestling skill he knows how to fight . but i agree that the vandalism is out of control . i thank whoever cleans up cena's artical .
0.078255735
i take some offense to you not liking cena because even though he doesnt have much wrestling skill he knows how to fight but i agree that the vandaism is out of control i thank whoever cleans up cenas artical 
0.059594706
vandalism

= = one last shout from this ip ..... lol = = lol
0.33080313
one last hout from this ip lol lol 
0.18536098
shout

like i have said countless times over , today's mulatto ' movement ' or internet mulatto ' movement ' , lol ! , ( for lack of a better phrase ) draws all its esteem from the counterproductive denigration of black people and nothing else . i put black in quotes because in the united states mulatto and black aren't necessarily mutually exclusive concepts . i will go as far to say any power self-identifying mulattos have or hope to have will always be in relation to black people . but what these mulattos fail to realize is that their very existence promotes race mixing or encouraging 6'8 mandingo date , marry , and impregnate 5'3 mary sue which whites , no matter how much you cozy up to them and try to delink yourself from blacks , will innately reject and perennially frown upon ( i am sure there are black/mulatto men who would take advantage of the mulatto movement to sleep with as many white women as possible - white women who were not accessible before ) . interestingly , people at the helm of the mulatto movement more than likely turn out to be quadroons or octoroons . it's fascinating because there is a hierarchical paradigm that is followed ; and what's funny is that i can imagine hexadecaroon's forming a quadroon movement that not only denigrated black people but mulatto people as well . you gotta love this stuff ! lol ! -)
0.31169352
like i have said countless times over todays mulatto movement or internet mulatto movement lol for lack of a better phrase draws all its esteem from the counterproductive denigration of black people and nothing else i put black in quotes because in the united states mulatto and black arent necessarily mutually exclusive concepts i will go as far to say any power selfidentifying mulattos have or hope to have will always be in relation to black people but what these mulattos fail to realize is that their very existence promotes race mixing or encouraging 68 mandingo date marry and impregnate 53 mary sue which whites no matter how much you cozy up to them and try to delink yourself from backs will innately reject and perennially frown upon i am sure there are blackmulatto men who would take advantage of the mulatto movement to sleep with as many white women as possible white women who were not accessible before interestingly people at the helm of the mulatto movement more than likely turn out to be quadroons or octoroons its fascinating because there is a hierarchical paradigm that is followed and whats funny is that i can imagine hexadecaroons forming a quadroon movement that not only denigrated black people but mulatto people as well you gotta love this stuff lol 
0.24150331
blacks

:: i am not the editor who added 53 unsupported statements . cite before you click save .
0.03458316
i am not the editor who added 53 unsupportd statements cite before you click save 
0.03105783
unsupported

thanks for the reply , and the interesting stories . i liked the bit where she said that it was unfair to other schools for lots of fort street kids to go to the camp ! haha . i always got the impression that she didnt really care sincerely about the school at all . i think her getting principal must have been political . on numerous occasions in class teachers expressed overtly or implicitly their dissatisfaction with her principalship . my advice to kids there now is not to get too frustrated and if your teachers and school aren't providing much support , to look for other ways of getting/doing what you want .
0.044199657
thanks for the reply and the interesting stories i liked the bit where she said that it was unfair to other schools for lots of fort street kids to go to the camp haha i always got the impression that she didnt really care sincerely about the school at all i think her getting principal must have been political on numerous occasions in class teachers expressed overtly or implicitly their dissatisfaction with her principalship my advice to kids there now is not to get too frustated and if your teachers and school arent providing much support to look for other ways of gettingdoing what you want 
0.036981605
frustrated

