i provided first hand eye witness info backed up by sources , essays written by other allumni and year books provided by the school itself . you have reverted several times based on nothing . you barely had time to even read the changes to the article . the article was expanded so other alumni can contribute to it . you sir are ignorant and your methods inane . good day . the original poster of the article should be along in a few hours to post , a new addition .
0.25292218
i provided first hand eye witness info backed up by sources essays written by other allumni and year books provided by the school itself you have reverted several times based on nothing you barely had time to even read the changes to the article the article was expanded so other alumni can contribute to it you sir are igorant and your methods inane good day the original poster of the article should be along in a few hours to post a new addition 
0.08035858
ignorant

= = jargon and crystal balls = = yeah . i tend to despise jargon , especially since i am not all that old of an editor and the jargon confused me to no end my first few weeks . it has it's place in discussions with those who understand it , but it probably annoys the newbies a bit .
0.32691026
jargon and crystal blls yeah i tend to despise jargon especially since i am not all that old of an editor and the jargon confused me to no end my first few weeks it has its place in discussions with those who understand it but it probably annoys the newbies a bit 
0.2101055
balls

said sherly from the porn flick beyoncebeyacth
0.6669701
said sherly from the por flick beyoncebeyacth 
0.38896316
porn

hitler is an asshole .
0.96685845
hitler s an asshole 
0.9572839
is

= = where is your wiki-page ? = = yo joe , good buddy ! what happened to your wiki-page ? how is your ego holding out , you moron . it serves you right for the way that you treated us on fidonet . revenge is a dish best served cold , my friend . it might have taken us years to get back at you , hitler , but it was well worth it .
0.5548331
where is your wikipage yo joe good buddy what happened to your wikipage how is your ego holding out you moon it serves you right for the way that you treated us on fidonet revenge is a dish best served cold my friend it might have taken us years to get back at you hitler but it was well worth it 
0.3530367
moron

get yourself a shrink and stop waisting our time , all this is irelevant and nobody pays attention to this bs . i am just soory for this situation , seems patherthic . i my opinion you should not waste more time and if you are not happy just move on and forget . wikipedia is not a place for revenge or anything like that , did you ever contacted patrick buri to find out what he thinks with this ? or are you just here to attack this person . ? do you know him ? i found his web site company and will eventually look for his email ... for sure this conversation , wy do you want absolutely go after this gus ? do you want to start a personal vendeta against him . ? in europe he is really well know as big financial guru , so you should maybe watch your steps and comments . !
0.29559332
gt yourself a shrink and stop waisting our time all this is irelevant and nobody pays attention to this bs i am just soory for this situation seems patherthic i my opinion you should not waste more time and if you are not happy just move on and forget wikipedia is not a place for revenge or anything like that did you ever contacted patrick buri to find out what he thinks with this or are you just here to attack this person do you know him i found his web site company and will eventually look for his email for sure this conversation wy do you want absolutely go after this gus do you want to start a personal vendeta against him in europe he is really well know as big financial guru so you should maybe watch your steps and comments 
0.29087287
get

= = yargh interjection article = = you delete my article , saying that this was du to a lack of sense . but this article should be part of wikipedia . first thing first , read article before complaining . second , article is far from vandalism , take time to write and as not being written for stupidity use . third , i personnaly search for website with de definition of yargh and didn't found , i finally came here which is my source for every thing and i was so disapointed that there was no page about that i decide to write one . i assume i not the only one in the world that as look for this interjection so considering wikipedia as a free and global encyclopedia , my article a full sense to be here . from the_inventor , hoping that you review the situation a that you see good sense and autorise my article .
0.30275247
yargh interjection article you delete my article saying that this was du to a lack of sense but this article should be part of wikipedia first thing first read article before complaining second article is far from vandalism take time to write and as not being written for tupidity use third i personnaly search for website with de definition of yargh and didnt found i finally came here which is my source for every thing and i was so disapointed that there was no page about that i decide to write one i assume i not the only one in the world that as look for this interjection so considering wikipedia as a free and global encyclopedia my article a full sense to be here from theinventor hoping that you review the situation a that you see good sense and autorise my article 
0.13260928
stupidity

obtuse and pathalogical liar .
0.72909033
obtuse and pathalogical lar 
0.34733734
liar

: spoken like someone who truly does not understand the applications of mathematics . the fact that 0.999 ... equals 1 is a basic principle of the real number system . how about math for math's sake ? next time , keep your two cents to yourself , and don't ridicule the hard work the other editors have put into this article . •
0.1294989
spoken like someone who truly does not understand the applications of mathematics the fact that 0999 equals 1 is a basic principle of the real number system how about math for maths sake next time keep your two cents to yourself and dont ridicue the hard work the other editors have put into this article • 
0.048232634
ridicule

= = seperation into articles = = well , since accordions have serveral small pages for their types , i proposed we also seperate them . here's my divisions planned : * harmonica ( this page ) ** construction ** history ** related instruments * diatonic harmonica ( mereg with blues harps ) * chromatic harmonica ( include orchestral harmonica ) * tremelo harmonica won't include techniques , as there exist harmonica books already . i plan to do this starting thursday . rsvp .
0.034396466
seperation into articles well since accordions ave serveral small pages for their types i proposed we also seperate them heres my divisions planned harmonica this page construction history related instruments diatonic harmonica mereg with blues harps chromatic harmonica include orchestral harmonica tremelo harmonica wont include techniques as there exist harmonica books already i plan to do this starting thursday rsvp 
0.010359803
have

. what's with the religious thing anyway ? you still haven't answered that .
0.16308175
whats with the religios thing anyway you still havent answered that 
0.05022695
religious

: you are adding far too much trivia on show pages that has nothing to do with the show at hand . i know you love showing off your game show knowledge , but cluttering wikipedia is not the place for it . perhaps you should make your own website ?
0.10369893
you are adding far too much trivia on show pages that has noting to do with the show at hand i know you love showing off your game show knowledge but cluttering wikipedia is not the place for it perhaps you should make your own website 
0.08852727
nothing

comedian ?? i am not a bloody comedian . i fucking hate you
0.97646207
comedian i am not a bloody comedian i fucing hate you 
0.8823195
fucking

