stop rewriting the articles about gotse delchev and andreas tsipas in a pov-ish manner . you are about to violate wikipedia : 3rr and if you continue reverting you might be blocked .
0.20173159
stop rewriting the articles about gotse delchev and andreas tsipas in a povish manner you are about to violae wikipedia 3rr and if you continue reverting you might be blocked 
0.15982294
violate

tokyo big sight seeing as tokyo big sight doesn't have it's own article , why not add it here ?
0.024144009
tokyo bg sight seeing as tokyo ig sight doesnt have its own article why not add it here 
0.018215641
big

= = ok = = ok no problems , i wasn't aware that he was banned since it was anon . is it the same guy that was edit-warring over erzurum article ?
0.101712
ok ok no problems i wasnt aware that he was banned since it was anon s it the same guy that was editwarring over erzurum article 
0.07621723
is

= = cg wiki = = i've started up a cg wiki at cgwiki.elwiki.com ( it'll become a seperate website once it gets 10 articles , and it's for free ) . if you would like , you can join it ( you can become a bureaucrat and a sysop ) , though i will need extreeeeeeme heeeeeeeeelp !!!!!!!. and , it's written in the montenegrin language as intended . think about it and if yes , come join and help out . bye .
0.0929398
cg wizki ive started up a cg wik at cgwikielwikicom itll become a seperate website once it gets 10 articles and its for free if you would like you can join it you can become a bureaucrat and a sysop though i will need extreeeeeeme heeeeeeeeelp and its written in the montenegrin language as intended think about it and if yes come join and help out bye 
0.038614146
wiki

= = comment requested = = greetings , i wanted to invite you to leave a comment at talk : nova southeastern university . another user and i disagree on the use of a pov tag , and i think a third opinion could help us with this . thanks for taking the time ! best , -
0.015916472
comment requested greetings i wanted to invite you to leave a comment at talk nova southeastern university another user and i disagee on the use of a pov tag and i think a third opinion could help us with this thanks for taking the time best 
0.012576917
disagree

the entire article is about explaining what kind of text it is , i fail to see the point in making a deterministic adjective to it .
0.02029761
the entire article is about explaining what kind of text it is i ail to see the point in making a deterministic adjective to it 
0.014703627
fail

::::::: the article on syria should be renamed to be more precise in what the article covers , which is why this one was named as such . as for the category there was much debate and admins decided that if people felt the state terrorism category was bias to be attached to an article in particular , to remove it . i find the state terrorism cat to be bias because it does not contain the relevant items as per wp : wta , which is a citation , a reference to who is calling the act terrorism etc . if it was listed on a list with the proper items that would be fine , however a category lacks the necessary items required to maintain such a title .
0.04542271
the article on syria should be renamed to be more precise in what the article covers which is why this one was named as such as for the category there was much debate and admins decided that if people felt the state etrrorism category was bias to be attached to an article in particular to remove it i find the state terrorism cat to be bias because it does not contain the relevant items as per wp wta which is a citation a reference to who is calling the act terrrism etc if it was listed on a list with the proper items that would be fine however a category lacks the necessary items required to maintain such a title 
0.042637583
terrorism

= = j . mabel you are a garbage ! = = you delete sorin cerin ?
0.89151376
j mabel you are a arbage you delete sorin cerin 
0.4850878
garbage

atrocity & the ongoing whitewash - i think that sums up your pov-pushing ways quite nicely .
0.2128174
atrocity the ongoing whiewash i think that sums up your povpushing ways quite nicely 
0.16941603
whitewash

= = reporting itaqallah = = i have caught itaqallah blatantly lying in his edit summaries and reported it at wp : ani .
0.23447157
reporting itaqallah i have caught itaqallah blatantly ling in his edit summaries and reported it at wp ani 
0.12603757
lying

regarding edit made to hong kong disneyland thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do . take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.008636291
regarding edit made to hong kong disneyland thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do take a look at the welcome page to earn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.007696925
learn

= = re : last names = = definitely trivia . your method of inserting the information was unclear and potentially harmful , ths the revert . also , if you do add it properly , take care with your wording . asserting that the name similarity was intentional might constitue original research . i'd got for something like many of the many character have surnames similar to scientists . as for reverting , i tend to do that whenever an edit is clearly not helpful . leaving a message is usually something i don't do unless the issue is vandalism or persistant . i really don't get why users feel that talk page notices are so important . if you care , watchlist to quote myself . sorry you once dealt with a moody/illogical user . ; .
0.06082801
re last names definitely trivia your method of inserting the information was unclear and potentially harmful ths the revert also if you do add it properly take care with your wording asserting that the name similarity was intentional might constitue original research id got for something like many of the many character have surnames similar to scientists as for reverting i tend to do that whenever an edit is clearly not helpful leaving a message is usually something i dont do unless the issue is vandaism or persistant i really dont get why users feel that talk page notices are so important if you care watchlist to quote myself sorry you once dealt with a moodyillogical user 
0.030779112
vandalism

= = opening sentence needs improvement = = the current version of the opening sentence needs work . racism is commonly defined as a belief or doctrine where inherent biological differences among the various human races determine cultural or individual achievement , with a corollary that one's own race is superior and has the right to rule others . it is too wordy , grammatically awkward , and doesn't adequately define the topic . also , the words are almost the same as the ones that appear in the reference .
0.032712318
opening sentence needs improvement the current version of the opening sentence needs work racism is commonly defined as a belief or doctrine where inherent biological differences among the various human races determine cultural or individual achievement with a corollary that ones own ace is superior and has the right to rule others it is too wordy grammatically awkward and doesnt adequately define the topic also the words are almost the same as the ones that appear in the reference 
0.022909904
race

= = fair use rationale for image : ciara-theevolution -front- . jpg = = {| align = center style = background-color : white ; border : 8px solid red ; padding : 5px ; text-align : center ; font-size : larger ; | |this file may be deleted . |} thanks for uploading image : ciara-theevolution -front- . jpg . i notice the ' image ' page specifies that the image is being used under fair use but there is no explanation or rationale as to why its use in wikipedia articles constitutes fair use . when you use a generic fair use tag such as {{ fair use }} or {{ fair use in|article name }} , you must also write out on the image description page a specific explanation or rationale for why using this image in each article is consistent with fair use . please go to the image description page and edit it to include a fair use rationale . if you have uploaded other fair use media , consider checking that you have specified the fair use rationale on those pages too . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any fair use images lacking such an explanation will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page . thank you .
0.009062844
fair use rationale for image ciaratheevolution front jpg align center style backgroundcolor white border 8px solid red padding 5px textalign center fontsize larger this file may be deleted thanks for uploading image ciaratheevolution front jpg i notice the image page specifies that the image is being used under fair use but there is no explanation or rationale as to why its use in wikipedia articles constitutes fair use when you use a generic fair use tag such as fair use or fair use inarticle name you must also write out on the image description page a specific explanation or rationale for why using this image in each article is consistent with fair use please go to the image description page and edit it to include a fair use rationale if you have uploaded other fair use media consider checking that you have specified the fair use rationale on those pages too you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any fair use images lackin such an explanation will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page thank you 
0.007886069
lacking

********* before we end up arguing , i was trying to find the eddie guerrero tribute show from last november on wikipedia . it was on their in september . now it's deleted . one rule doesn't apply for one tribute show compared to another tribute show . reply .
0.13317661
before we end up arguing i was trying to find the eddie guerrero tribute show from las november on wikipedia it was on their in september now its deleted one rule doesnt apply for one tribute show compared to another tribute show reply 
0.017302187
last

= = black hawk down - appropriate source ? = = i notice that the film black hawk down is footnoted as a source ( twice ) . i am not sure if a film is a reliable source for determining the stopping power of a bullet . thoughts ?
0.1372806
biack hawk down appropriate source i notice that the film blac hawk down is footnoted as a source twice i am not sure if a film is a reliable source for determining the stopping power of a bullet thoughts 
0.046025474
black

= = notices = = regarding this piece of biting undergrad humour ; thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do . take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.03272198
notices regarding this piece of bitig undergrad humour thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.016507596
biting

: you raise an interesting point that i haven't thought about much . there is a certain amount of jargon used by researchers in this field just like other areas of study . i would like to hear what loremaster has to say before we make further changes . btw , no offense , but don't you mean what the average reader would know ?
0.030831704
you raise an interesting point that i havent thought about much there is a certain amount of jargon used by researchers in this field just like other areas of study i would like to hear what loremaster has to say before we make further changes btw no ffense but dont you mean what the average reader would know 
0.023177862
offense

5 ps : regarding your edit to lol ( internet slang ) , i know you have good intentions , but please place your edits in a corresponding section .
0.07543316
5 ps regarding your edit to lol internet slng i know you have good intentions but please place your edits in a corresponding section 
0.057026673
slang

= = you edits to = = please do not replace wikipedia pages or sections with blank content . it is considered vandalism . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks . ''''''
0.066521555
you edits to please do not replace wikipedia pages or sections with blank content it is considered vandalism please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a lok at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks 
0.057959195
look

= = my apologies = = i apologize for the vandilizim of the above wikipedias . however , this computer is a school computer , so the chance of tracking the vandil down is useless . at least 500 people a day have access to this computer . at lest 4 people a day use it regularily . if it is possible to make it so that the school connection can veiw but not edit wikipedia entries , that would be best .
0.08215851
my apologies i apologize for the vandilizim of the above wikipedias however this computer is a school computer so the chance of tracking the vandil down is useess at least 500 people a day have access to this computer at lest 4 people a day use it regularily if it is possible to make it so that the school connection can veiw but not edit wikipedia entries that would be best 
0.017774245
useless

= = mughals = = claiming that the mughals were a turkic people , and mentioning some odd turkish name given to them ( a name that does not appear in any historical or scholarly sources ) , is pure pov . the mughals were neither turks in ethnicity ( they were originally mongols , descening from the timurid and other chingizid families of central asia > berlas mongols ) , nor in language ( starting with humayun , they were certainly and evidently persian-speakers ; akbar did not even know chaghatay - he had to translate his grandfather's memos into persian to read them ! later , the mughals were evidently urdu speaking ! ) i do not know why certain users keep putting that pov paragraph into the article . they claim that it is sourced ... but not all sources are good . why do they ignore the whole bunch of other , mostly authoritative sources ( such as the works of prof . b.f. manz , the leading expert on timurid and turco-mongol history ; see : b.f. manz , tīmūr lang , in encyclopaedia of islam , online edition , 2006 ) ?! they only stick to certain versions of the britannica ... only those that suite them . they totally ignore other sections of britannica that actually have a totally different opinion on the isse . for example this one : * ... baber : the first mughal , or mongol , emperor of india ( 1526 – 30 ) and founder of the mughal dynasty there was baber . he also won distinction as a military commander , a gifted poet and diarist , a statesman , and an adventurer . as ruler of the principality of fergana in turkestan , his birthplace , baber first tried to recover samarkand , the former capital of the empire founded by his mongol ancestor timur lang ... the columbia encyclopaedia states : *'' ... timur ( timoor ' ) or tamerlane ( tăm'urlān ) , c . 1336 – 1405 , mongol conqueror , b . kesh , near samarkand . ... the paragraph about the mughals should be removed . even if some people believe that they should be listed , only because their first ruler ( babur ) wrote his memoires in turkic , the paragraph should be removed because it's controversial . memoires do not prove anything , especially in regard of the fact that humayun's biography is written in persian ( by his sister gulbadan begum ) , and that shah bahadur ii is known as one of the greatest urdu poets ! in no way the mughals were a turkic people ... neither in origin , nor in ethnicity , culture , language , or influence .
0.047381237
mughals claiming that the mughals were a turkic people and mentioning some odd turkish name given to them a name that does not appear in any historical or scholarly sources is pure pov the mughals were neither turks in ethnicity they were originally mongols descening from the timurid and other chingizid families of central asia berlas mongols nor in language starting with humayun they were certainly and evidently persianspeakers akbar did not even know chaghatay he had to translate his grandfathers memos into persian to read them later the mughals were evidently urdu speaking i do not know why certain users keep putting that pov paragraph into the article they claim that it is sourced but not all sources are good why do they ignore the whole buch of other mostly authoritative sources such as the works of prof bf manz the leading expert on timurid and turcomongol history see bf manz tīmūr lang in encyclopaedia of islam online edition 2006 they only stick to certain versions of the britannica only those that suite them they totally ignore other sections of britannica that actually have a totally different opinion on the isse for example this one baber the first mughal or mongol emperor of india 1526 – 30 and founder of the mughal dynasty there was baber he also won distinction as a military commander a gifted poet and diarist a statesman and an adventurer as ruler of the principality of fergana in turkestan his birthplace baber first tried to recover samarkand the former capital of the empire founded by his mongol ancestor timur lang the columbia encyclopaedia states timur timoor or tamerlane tămurlān c 1336 – 1405 mongol conqueror b kesh near samarkand the paragraph about the mughals should be removed even if some people believe that they should be listed only because their first ruler babur wrote his memoires in turkic the paragraph should be removed because its controversial memoires do not prove anything especially in regard of the fact that humayuns biography is written in persian by his sister gulbadan begum and that shah bahadur ii is known as one of the greatest urdu poets in no way the mughals were a turkic people neither in origin nor in ethnicity culture language or influence 
0.030100353
bunch

please do not add nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.14360344
please do not add nonsens to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.09909442
nonsense

= = veritas-spanish article . = = some people continue erasing verifiable and up-dated information in the spanish people's article about recently published books pointing to a strong link between iberia and atlantic europe . those books are blood of the isles , by bryan sykes , origins of britons , by stephen oppenheimer and deep ancestry , by spencer wells . what do you think of it ?
0.04407611
veritasspanish article some people continue erasing verifiable and updated information in the spanish peoples article about recently published books pointing to a strong link between iberia and atlantic europe those books are lood of the isles by bryan sykes origins of britons by stephen oppenheimer and deep ancestry by spencer wells what do you think of it 
0.013571952
blood

