i'm removing the ' list of candies ' because it doesn't give you any information you wouldn't get by just clicking on the category : confectionery link . further , these category pages keep themselves up to date . the list in this article only lists a fraction of the ' candy articles ' .
0.020256342
im removing the list of candies because it doesnt give you any information you wouldnt gt by just clicking on the category confectionery link further these category pages keep themselves up to date the list in this article only lists a fraction of the candy articles 
0.019724064
get

= = history section = = would anyone else prefer the history section to be in narrative form ? the timeline is great , but i think it should exist on its own page as a supplement . as it is now , the history section lacks coherence and organization .
0.019409362
history section would anyone else prefer the history section to be in narrative form the timeline is great but i think it should exist on its own page as a supplement as it is now the history section lacs coherence and organization 
0.012947728
lacks

the page asks has this been measured ( wrt neutrino mass ) . this page has a summary of recent experimental findings on neutrino mass . so it seems there's strong evidence it is massive , but still a lot of uncertainty about what the mass actually is .
0.023003252
the page asks has this been measured wrt neutrino mass this page has a summary of recent experimental findigs on neutrino mass so it seems theres strong evidence it is massive but still a lot of uncertainty about what the mass actually is 
0.02014507
findings

hello , welcome to wikipedia . here are some useful links in case you haven't already found them : * how to edit a page * how to write a great article * naming conventions * manual of style if you have any questions , see the help pages , add a question to the village pump or ask me on . i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! tip : you can sign your name with ~~~~
0.018238705
hello welcome to wikipedia here are some useful links in case you havent already found them how to edit a page how to write a great article naming conventions manual of style if you have any questions see the help pages add a question to the village pump or ask me on i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian tip you can sig your name with 
0.011463716
sign

sylvain chomet has commented on his use of satire in many interviews , and the most obvious indication is the overweight statue of liberty . the comment is completely justified in the article , in fact , i'd say necessary .
0.04175016
sylvain chomet has commented on his use of satire in many interviews and the most obvious indication is the overweght statue of liberty the comment is completely justified in the article in fact id say necessary 
0.02813714
overweight

postal worker * delete . dictionary listing , don't see how it culd be more . * delete . * keep . could be expanded to describe different job functions , history & c . ; will not be terribly fascinating , but clearly can be expanded beyond definition . * delete . badly phrased substub , acceptable topic but we probably all have better things to do than fix it . happy to be proved wrong on this , keep if it is fixed in the 5 days . ** keep . now good stub . * keep , but only if something more is made of it . * keep and redirect to post office . * keep as stub . ( i've added a bit ) * keep and expand ( as stub or not ) . * keep stub . has potential .
0.11516233
postal worker d e l e t e dictionary listing dont see how it culd be more deleth keep could be expanded to describe different job functions history c will not be terribly fascinating but clearly can be expanded beyond definition delee badly phrased substub acceptable topic but we probably all have better things to do than fix it happy to be proved wrong on this keep if it is fixed in the 5 days keep now good stub keep but only if something more is made of it keep and redirect to post office keep as stub ive added a bit keep and expand as stub or not keep stub has potential 
0.040175684
delete

must be sought out . in this case , syntactic methods are often used .
0.014664509
must be sought out in this case syntactic methods ae often used 
0.012175979
are

= = user page layout = = i saw your user page layout and i liked it so much that i used it for mine . i credited you at the bottom of my user page . hope ya dont mind ;) : help yourself ! a few other people have as well . glad you found it useful . -
0.03337339
user page layout i saw your user page layout and i liked it so much that i used it for mine i credited you at the bottom of my user page hope ya don mind help yourself a few other people have as well glad you found it useful 
0.033289567
dont

= = sequoyah and sequoia = = some disputes seem to be present among botanists about whether sequoyah was source for name of sequoia tree . apparently even as eminent an authority as asa gray has questioned the link , and the namer of sequoia ( endlicher , 1847 ) , left no notes to explain his choice of name . web link may not persist , but is here : http://www.botanik.uni-bonn.de/conifers/cu/se/index.htm . this web article makes formal citation here : hartesveldt , richard j . ; harvey , h . thomas ; shelhammer , howard s.; stecker , ronald e . 1975 . the giant sequoia of the sierra nevada . washington dc : national park service . an engaging but professional ( if a bit dated ) treatment of the largest conifer .
0.00792361
sequoyah and sequoia some disputes seem to be present among botanists about whether sequoyah was source for name of sequoia tree apparently even as eminent an authority as asa gray has questioned the link and the namer of sequoia endlicher 1847 left no notes to explain his choice of name web link may not persist but is here httpwwwbotanikunibonndeconiferscuseindexhtm this web article makes formal citation here hartesveldt richard j harvey  thomas shelhammer howard s stecker ronald e 1975 the giant sequoia of the sierra nevada washington dc national park service an engaging but professional if a bit dated treatment of the largest conifer 
0.007874527
h

q . how are the barrels rotated ? a . the rotational force is delivered by two hydraulic drive motors operating off of both main aircraft hydraulic systems ( a+b ) . the motors deliver their torque to gearbox in the hydraulic drive assembly . this in turn delivers the force to two drive shafts . the forward one goes to the rotor assembly on the gau-8 itself , while the second delivers it's power to the ammunition drum . q . how long is typical spin-up time ? a . while the system is capable of operating at 4200 rounds per minute , it is limited to 3900 while installed in the aircraft . since the gau-8 has 7 barrels it needs to spin at 1/7th of the firing rate . basically since it's rotating a touch over 550 rpm the spin-up time is almost instantaneous . on another point the statement on the gun gas on affecting the engines is complete rubbish . during the firing of the gau-8 the engines ingest so much gun gas that the engine igniters ( think super spark plugs ) must fire to ensure a stall does not occur . the engines also will ingest so much soot from the firings that they need to be water washed ( have water and a mild cleaning solution misted into the engines while running at approx . 80% power ) periodically to remove soot from the blades . anyone who has had to clean an a-10 will tell you the gun gas goes just about everywhere aft of the nose .
0.15070985
q how are the barrels rotated a the rotational force is delivered by two hydraulic drive motors operating off of both main aircraft hydraulic systems ab the motors deliver their torque to gearbox in the hydraulic drive assembly this in turn delivers the force to two drive shafts the forward one goes to the rotor assembly on the gau8 itself while the second delivers its power to the ammunition drum q how long is typical spinup time a while the system is capable of operating at 4200 rounds per minute it is limited to 3900 while installed in the aircraft since the gau8 has 7 barrels it needs to spin at 17th of the firing rate basically since its rotating a touch over 550 rpm the spinup time is almost instantaneous on another point the statement on the gun gas on affecting the engines is complete rbbish during the firing of the gau8 the engines ingest so much gun gas that the engine igniters think super spark plugs must fire to ensure a stall does not occur the engines also will ingest so much soot from the firings that they need to be water washed have water and a mild cleaning solution misted into the engines while running at approx 80 power periodically to remove soot from the blades anyone who has had to clean an a10 will tell you the gun gas goes just about everywhere aft of the nose 
0.043642625
rubbish

you are a racist pig , loser . don't vandalize again .
0.9500654
you are a racis pig loser dont vandalize again 
0.9242873
racist

hello ! i notice that you added the work falsely to the jw article . out of interest , what other ways are there to mislead someone ? i don't think it's possible to truthfully mislead a person ... -
0.20651932
hello i notice that you added the work falsely to the jw article out of interest what other ways are there to msilead someone i dont think its possible to truthfully milead a person 
0.1825483
mislead

a summary of this article needs to be inserted in history of portugal after the heading main article the consolidation of the monarchy in portugal ( 1279-1415 ) . * this article needs to have two headings : at top , for previous history , see ... and at bottom , for later history , see ... no doubt these connections are in the works .
0.018409431
a summary of this article needs to be inserted in history of portugal after the heading main article the consolidation of the monarchy in portugal 12791415 this article needs to have two headngs at top for previous history see and at bottom for later history see no doubt these connections are in the works 
0.010021681
headings

