you dont know anything
0.1530753
you dont know anythin 
0.14411025
anything

you wrote about ( elsewhere ) about your dream of creating election pages after the election you're anticipating part of my proposed wikiproject ( house - 2008 ) . i'm was thinking that the parts would be something like this : * 0 - create a draft of the project ; recruit some editors to do phase 1 . * 1 - move really fast to create campaign articles ( template/shell/skeleton/whatever ) for all competitive races where an incumbent won or there was an open race . copy the info from articles on challengers into the campaign articles . then slap redirects on the articles on challengers ( if of questionable notability ) so that there is no need for afds for these . ( such afds are bad precedent , in general a waste of time regardless of outcome , and successful afds could kill off source info . ) * 2a - refine the phases of the project and what needs to be done - for example , what a really good campaign article might contain ( polls , snapshots of campaign funding at various points , results , newspaper endorsements , a good selection of links to local newspaper stories , etc . ) * 2b - create campaign articles for all competitive races where a challenger defeated the incumbent . * 2c - finish the 50-100 campaign articles for 2006 house races . that might include a rating/evaluation of the quality of each article . * 2d - ( optional ) - do the same for the 30+ senate races . ( i just looked at the florida senate campaign article the other day - except for the polling info , it's devoid of any significant content except primary results . ) * 3 - improve the quality of wikipedia bio articles for incumbents in competitive races ( defeated or not ) , winning challengers , and notable but not-winning challengers : good citations , good copyediting , etc ., as baseline for 2008 . * 4a - ( starting mid-2007 ? ) build a 2008 comprehensive master page , and set up campaign articles for every race expected to be competitive/notable ( that is , every race listed on the master page ) . evaluate feasibility of doing transclusions from individual campaign articles rather than updating the master page directly . ( there are both human and technical issues here , i believe ) . * 4b - recruit editors to take responsibility for maintaining each ( individual ) campaign article . ideally we can find 3 or 4 editors who are ( a ) local and ( b ) can work together well , for each campaign ( race ) expected to be notable in 2008 . your thoughts ? |
0.06635458
you wrote about elsewhere about your dream of creating election pages after the election youre anticipating part of my proposed wikiproject house 2008 im was thinking that the parts would be something like this 0 create a draft of the project recruit some editors to do phase 1 1 move really fast to create campaign articles templateshellskeletonwhatever for all competitive races where an incumbent won or there was an open race copy the info from articles on challengers into the campaign articles then slap redirects on the articles on challengers if of questionable notability so that there is no need for afds for these such afds are bad precedent in general a waste of time regardless of outcome and successful afds could ill off source info 2a refine the phases of the project and what needs to be done for example what a really good campaign article might contain polls snapshots of campaign funding at various points results newspaper endorsements a good selection of links to local newspaper stories etc 2b create campaign articles for all competitive races where a challenger defeated the incumbent 2c finish the 50100 campaign articles for 2006 house races that might include a ratingevaluation of the quality of each article 2d optional do the same for the 30 senate races i just looked at the florida senate campaign article the other day except for the polling info its devoid of any significant content except primary results 3 improve the quality of wikipedia bio articles for incumbents in competitive races defeated or not winning challengers and notable but notwinning challengers good citations good copyediting etc as baseline for 2008 4a starting mid2007 build a 2008 comprehensive master page and set up campaign articles for every race expected to be competitivenotable that is every race listed on the master page evaluate feasibility of doing transclusions from individual campaign articles rather than updating the master page directly there are both human and technical issues here i believe 4b recruit editors to take responsibility for maintaining each individual campaign article ideally we can find 3 or 4 editors who are a local and b can work together well for each campaign race expected to be notable in 2008 your thoughts 
0.027747588
kill

pete , you don't have a right to revert simply because you disagree with my edit . i think the change speaks for itself . if you have a problem with it , then let's work it out on the talk page . but i've already explained why i felt this change needed to be made and you simply didn't argue the point .
0.07379092
pete you dont h a v e a right to revert simply because you disagree with my edit i think the change speaks for itself if you ave a problem with it then lets work it out on the talk page but ive already explained why i felt this change needed to be made and you simply didnt argue the point 
0.06694492
have

= = dear gwernol , u useless cunt molesting niggertard go fuck dvd rw's 2 inch albino cock dear gwernol , u useless cunt molesting niggertard go fuck dvd rw's 2 inch albino cock dear gwernol , u useless cunt molesting niggertard go fuck dvd rw's 2 inch albino cockdear gwernol , u useless cunt molesting niggertard go fuck dvd rw's 2 inch albino cockdear gwernol , u useless cunt molesting niggertard go fuck dvd rw's 2 inch albino cock = =
0.97474015
dear gwernol u useless cunt molesting niggertard fo fuck dvd rws 2 inch albino cock dear gwernol u useless cunt molesting niggertard og fuck dvd rws 2 inch albino cock dear gwernol u useless cunt molesting niggertard og fuck dvd rws 2 inch albino cockdear gwernol u useless cunt molesting niggertard gs fuck dvd rws 2 inch albino cockdear gwernol u useless cunt molesting niggertard g fuck dvd rws 2 inch albino cock 
0.97373116
go

aparenetly , he was never charged with shooting people at random from the balcony of his home .
0.11093065
aparenetly he was never charged with hooting people at random from the balcony of his home 
0.036895525
shooting

= = thanks = = thanks for the suggestions and help . i'm a bit new to this so i'm still figuring a lot of stuff out . sorry if i'm causing any problems !
0.010116807
thanks thanks for the suggestions and help im a bit new to this so im still figuring a lot of stuff out sorry if im casing any problems 
0.0069114333
causing

:: if the links were removed in an effort to sway the voting , that would surely be inappropriate , but it seems that they were probably just removed in good faith , relating to the officialness of the program . as for what to do about it , you should bring up what your wrote at the end , about officiality not being an issue , at the discussion , and see what people think .
0.031408753
if the links were removed in an effort to sway the voting that would surely be inapropriate but it seems that they were probably just removed in good faith relating to the officialness of the program as for what to do about it you should bring up what your wrote at the end about officiality not being an issue at the discussion and see what people think 
0.020790167
inappropriate

: i did not know that erbacan was also in the turkish government in 1974 ... in any case , every turkish politician is within the kemalistic ideology ... since noone criticising or rejecting or judging this ideology , but they all accept it . taksim can as well have this link . the megali idea was not that simple as establishing a greek state that covers all the greeks , as u said ... the greeks of pontus , southern italy , former southern serbia ( modern fyrom ) , eastern rumelia , alexandria , cyprus , where excluded . yes , megali idea shares similarities with enosis , that's why the link is present in that article . but adding megali idea and excluding kemalistic ideology from taksim , seems , at least weird , cause kemalism is much more relevant with taksim than megali idea could ever be . regards
0.03153244
i did not know that erbacan was also in the turkish government in 1974 in any case every turkish politician is within the kemalistic ideology since noone criticising or rejecting or judging this ideology but they all accept it taksim can as well have this link the megali idea was not that simple as establishing a greek state that covers all the greeks as u said the greeks of pontus southern italy former southern serbia modern fyrom eastern rumelia alexandria cyprus where excluded yes megali idea shares similarities with enosis thats why the link is present in that article but adding megali idea and excluding kemalistic ideology from taksim seems at least weid cause kemalism is much more relevant with taksim than megali idea could ever be regards 
0.019862873
weird

thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do . take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.008935379
thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed plesae use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted lease contact me 
0.008388275
please

:: i will say here that i agree with most of the terms especially the requirement for a source . i will agree with all as i do not think saying especially christianity was absurd . so the hybrid , could you define the word absurd more rigourously . i am satisified that most of my edits in criticism of pokemon was not deleted though , although i still felt the need to emphasize the part about christianity as that section is about christian's opinions of the pokémon series . i had a conflict with brandon about not sourcing that part where i didn't say source my statement about religion not being mentioned in the cartoon , but i do not think that has to be sourced as most of the members of pcp actually agrees that religion was never metioned . i do feel , however , that is the only article one can talk about religion in an article about pokémon . with the exception of the word absurd i agree with the terms . :: regarding the issue of ignoring me , i will disagree with this . i do feel that you should ignore me when i discuss religion in most pokémon articles , but if i am not doing that , it could have detrimental consequences . i agree with the_hybrid that the religion things has gone on long enough , ok . :: do we all have an agreement ? let's not engage in anymore vitriolic conduct , ok .
0.074811585
i will say here that i agree with most of the terms especially the requirement for a source i will agree with all as i do not think saying especially christianity was aburd so the hybrid could you define the word bsurd more rigourously i am satisified that most of my edits in criticism of pokemon was not deleted though although i still felt the need to emphasize the part about christianity as that section is about christians opinions of the pokémon series i had a conflict with brandon about not sourcing that part where i didnt say source my statement about religion not being mentioned in the cartoon but i do not think that has to be sourced as most of the members of pcp actually agrees that religion was never metioned i do feel however that is the only article one can talk about religion in an article about pokémon with the exception of the word absud i agree with the terms regarding the issue of ignoring me i will disagree with this i do feel that you should ignore me when i discuss religion in most pokémon articles but if i am not doing that it could have detrimental consequences i agree with thehybrid that the religion things has gone on long enough ok do we all have an agreement lets not engage in anymore vitriolic conduct ok 
0.036606967
absurd

= = user : tajik vandalizes every page i edit = = hi , i just randomly selected your name from the list to ask if you can help me please . everyday i edit cities of afghanistan but right away reverts all my hard work claiming everything i add to the articles is pov or nonsense . i have 100% full information on entire afghanistan and everything i add is also sourced . this user : tajik has a serious problem with me over ethnic issues . for example : i added at the end of herat article that the city is in control of the new afghan government along with nato forces being there assissting the government . however , user : tajik claims this is nonsense and reverted the page . i rather not revert pages but settle the dispute in a nice manner on the talk page ... something he does not responds to . i tried this on kandahar talk page but did not get any responses from user : tajik . i don't know what to do with this user : tajik . it is not just one page he reverts but every page i visit . the reason for this is that his ethnics are from tajiks and i am pashtun . he does not trust western sources but relies only on iranian sources . at one time he reverted 3 times in a row and when i reported him to another administer { william m . connolley ) , no action was taken against him . i would appreciate it if you could help me stop user : tajik from vandalizing my edits . thank you ! 12:12 , november 5 , 2006
0.057575952
user tajik vandalizes every page i edit hi i just randomly selected your name from the list to ask if you can help me please everyday i edit cities of afghanistan but right away reverts all my hard work claiming everything i add to the articles is pov or nonsenes i have 100 full information on entire afghanistan and everything i add is also sourced this user tajik has a serious problem with me over ethnic issues for example i added at the end of herat article that the city is in control of the new afghan government along with nato forces being there assissting the government however user tajik claims this is nonsene and reverted the page i rather not revert pages but settle the dispute in a nice manner on the talk page something he does not responds to i tried this on kandahar talk page but did not get any responses from user tajik i dont know what to do with this user tajik it is not just one page he reverts but every page i visit the reason for this is that his ethnics are from tajiks and i am pashtun he does not trust western sources but relies only on iranian sources at one time he reverted 3 times in a row and when i reported him to another administer william m connolley no action was taken against him i would appreciate it if you could help me stop user tajik from vandalizing my edits thank you 1212 november 5 2006 
0.024132112
nonsense

: that refers to when stonehouse was first arrested in australia in early 1975 . he didn't apply for the chiltern hundreds then ; he did in august 1976 , after he had been repatriated , tried , convicted and sent to jail . . “ ” .
0.04847219
that refers to when stonehouse was first arrested in australia in early 1975 he didnt apply for the chiltern hundreds then he did in august 1976 after he had been repatriated tried convicted and sent to jai “ ” 
0.035644345
jail

= = redundant sections = = there are two sections that are redundant . anthroposophy's role in waldorf education and basis in anthroposophy say almost exactly the same things . i'm removing the latter and preserving any information contained therein by adding it to the former .
0.03670988
redmundant sections there are two sections that are redundan anthroposophys role in waldorf education and basis in anthroposophy say almost exactly the same things im removing the latter and preserving any information contained therein by adding it to the former 
0.013382445
redundant

:::: i honestly did not know what 88 stood for . and none of my edits are related to nazi-related topics , unless of course , you consider anything race-related to be so .
0.22465017
i honestly did not know what 88 stood for and noe of my edits are related to nazirelated topics unless of course you consider anything racerelated to be so 
0.05857861
none

oh , ok . is the term ' 12th man ' only informal ?
0.025354825
oh ok s the term 12th man only informal 
0.01593265
is

wiki members who abuse their powere may be banned .
0.2729949
wiki members who abse their powere may be banned 
0.21021724
abuse

: brown rice ( see protein combining ) . this is just an example of one vegetable source of dietary protien . although i suspect most would find such a diet monotonous .
0.038442828
brown rice see protein combining this is just an example of one vegetable source of dietary protien although i suspect most would find such a diet onotonous 
0.020306164
monotonous

= my response to a make-up reponse = = = i affirm that i was banned , but i was also unbanned by him after i made clarification to him . , let me clear to you humbly , that stick means the same as you will find in the dictionary . as akhatr munir khan marwat uses ' stick to walk , after he fell from stairs , few weeks before . i am just pointing that stick . remember , i never wanted to bring up personal issues here , as i mentioned above , but made it first . as you are administartor and ama member , i would like to make a please to kindly resolve the issue of article marwat that has been a battle-ground for past few months due to an induvidual who loves to persoanlise the article as he is having personal enmity with those notable people whom i mention always . sorry for personal attacks , if i launched any , but let me be clear and true , so it would be easy to resolve the issue . = =
0.07046775
my response to a makeup reponse i affirm that i was banned but i was also unbanned by him after i made clarification to him let me clear to you humbly that stick means the same as you will find in the dictionary as akhatr munir khan marwat uses stick to walk after he fell from stairs few weeks before i am just pointing that stick remember i never wanted to bring up personal issues here as i mentioned above but made it first as you are administartor and ama member i would like to make a please to kindly resolve the issue of article marwat that has been a battleground for past few months due to an induvidual who loves to persoanlise the article as he is having personal enmity with those notable people whom i mention always sorry for personal ttacks if i launched any but let me be clear and true so it would be easy to resolve the issue 
0.051865216
attacks

oooooh thank you mr. dietlimecola . once again , nice job trying to pretend you have some authority over anybody here . you are a wannabe admin , which is even sadder than a real admin
0.2741117
oooooh thank you mr dietlimecola once again nice job trying to pretend you have some authority over anybody here you are a wannab admin which is even sadder than a real admin 
0.2713815
wannabe

:::: no , i didn't leave them and i always look for some other sources . not only one or two sources , especially dogmatic and nationalistic ones .
0.048623275
no i didnt leave them and i always look for some other sources not only one or two sources especially dogmatic and nationalisti ones 
0.042948063
nationalistic

