personal life section i thought cj was at state . he certainly was when he was fired from the drug stuff . the article says usc and unc , so it certainly isn't right .
0.094180115
personal life section i thought cj was at state he certainly was when he was fired from the dru stuff the article says usc and unc so it certainly isnt right 
0.054727767
drug

we'd expect him to retire in about 1985 . is he contemporary , or dead ? as a biography this sucks in either case , but differently according to whether he is still able to be asked his opinion of this account of his life or not .
0.45134684
wed expect him to retire in about 1985 is he contemporary or dead as a biography this scks in either case but differently according to whether he is still able to be asked his opinion of this account of his life or not 
0.08383137
sucks

= = i have changed my name as per your order = = is there any other advise you may have for dealing with this vandal ? i have been communicating with but seem to be recieving little help outside of youself and . as always it is appreciated
0.17531464
i have changed my name as per your order is there any other advise you may have for dealing with this vandl i have been communicating with but seem to be recieving little help outside of youself and as always it is appreciated 
0.057486188
vandal

hello , can you unblock this computer im not sure who blocked it by this ip address is not able to edit . i am not the original instigator . thank you
0.05346884
hello can you unblock this computer im not sure who blocke it by this ip address is not able to edit i am not the original instigator thank you 
0.051647604
blocked

= = masturbation = = graemel , i was wondering if your edits are like a form of literary masturbation for you ? i'm curious , have you had any success in your lifetime ? i can on imagine a jealous perpetually failing loser could possibly be so particularly concerned with what rational people would agree is legitimate content simply because you are affraid of any association whatsoever with commercialism . are you jealous , envious , or affraid of people who succeed ? maybe you'd be best to give up your life as a failure and join a commune , where you can spend your days feeling as equaly imcompeted as your fellow unsuccessful losers . at your commune , no one is superior and no one enjoys more success than others , therefore you don't have to feel ashamed of your lack of accomplishment . do your edits make you feel important ? does your mommy or boyfriend control your life so much that you're only able to feel satisfaction in your life through the edits you demand ? enjoy yourself , graemel . i'm sure you'll keep up your crusade like the predictible loser i know you must be . i'm going to stop further wasting my time with wikipedia and go continue what i do best - which is to make money . bye , bye , loser .
0.7294181
masturbationf graemel i was wondering if your edits are like a form of literary msturbation for you im curious have you had any success in your lifetime i can on imagine a jealous perpetually failing loser could possibly be so particularly concerned with what rational people would agree is legitimate content simply because you are affraid of any association whatsoever with commercialism are you jealous envious or affraid of people who succeed maybe youd be best to give up your life as a failure and join a commune where you can spend your days feeling as equaly imcompeted as your fellow unsuccessful losers at your commune no one is superior and no one enjoys more success than others therefore you dont have to feel ashamed of your lack of accomplishment do your edits make you feel important does your mommy or boyfriend control your life so much that youre only able to feel satisfaction in your life through the edits you demand enjoy yourself graemel im sure youll keep up your crusade like the predictible loser i know you must be im going to stop further wasting my time with wikipedia and go continue what i do best which is to make money bye bye loser 
0.55698675
masturbation

: well , if you really want a justification , i've told np chilia several times - and using the word please in edit summaries - to stop wikifying the years . there comes a point where perhaps ceasing to use please will hopefully get someone's attention . in any case , you're hardly on any high moral ground to be calling someone impolite . •
0.09748375
well if you really want a justification ive told np chilia several times and using the word please in edit summaries to sop wikifying the years there comes a point where perhaps ceasing to use please will hopefully get someones attention in any case youre hardly on any high moral ground to be calling someone impolite • 
0.07430636
stop

= = origins of the kingdom of alba = = i feel that this section gives unnecessary complex detail already in the linked article of the same name , and emphasises the idea that this is a history of alba rather than the whole of what became scotland . it would be better to have a brief outline of how immediately post-roman the caledonii ? to the north of the antonine wall became alba - brief summary of picts / gaelic scots as here and mention of viking incursions , while the friendly buffer tribal areas became the kingdom of the north , thence kingdom of strathclyde , galloway and northumbria . this should be much shorter than the current section , and main articles linked would be scotland in the early middle ages and origins of the kingdom of alba . i'll try to draft this soon . ... :
0.0125569105
origins of the kingdom of alba i feel that this section gives unnecessary complex detail already in the linked article of the same name and emphasises the idea that this is a history of alba rather than the whole of what became scotland it would be better to have a brief outline of how immediately postroman the caledonii to the north of the antonine wall became alba brief summary of picts gaelic scots as here and mention of viking incursions while the friendly buffer tribal areas became the kingdom of the north thence kingdom of strathclyde galloway and northumbria this should be much shorter than the current section and main articles linked would be scotland in the early iddle ages and origins of the kingdom of alba ill try to draft this soon 
0.011686872
middle

= = = feb 2006 = = = # thanks for experimenting with the page thomas hobbes on wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks .
0.011708194
feb 2006 thanks for experimenting with the page thomas hobbes on wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to earn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks 
0.00717956
learn

= = east timor report = = perhaps this news story could be included in the statement about east timor ? it might add an important opposing view of downers support of east timors freedom , and i quote a report to the united nations has found australia actively lobbied to delay east timor's independence ballot in 1999 and prevent its separation from indonesia and foreign affairs minister alexander downer made it clear it would be preferable if timor remained legally part of indonesia and actively lobbied the government in jakarta to delay the independence vote ... http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200602/s1560743.htm
0.010613274
east timor report perhaps this news story could be included in the statement about east timor it might add an important opposing view of downers support of east timors freedom and i quote a report to the united nations has found australia actively lobbied to delay east timors independence ballot in 1999 and prevent its separation from indonesia and foreign affairs minister alexander dwner made it clear it would be preferable if timor remained legally part of indonesia and actively lobbied the government in jakarta to delay the independence vote httpwwwabcnetaunewsnewsitems200602s1560743htm 
0.008377676
downer

: his point about cvs was what beat you , it's right there to download whenever you want it . beyond that , the license used is something that people may care about , hell , listing the platforms it works on would be relevant as well . i don't contribute much , i mostly dink around , but i do occasionally see things that even i think are stupid - your insistance on not listing licenses is one of those , this information is not only relevant but useful . just look at the ssh article , it's got a big list that even lists the programming language that is used in some cases , the license and even the the platform it runs on .
0.32050487
his point about cvs was what beat you its right there to download whenever you want it beyond that the license used is something that people may care about hell listing the platforms it works on would be relevant as well i dont contribute much i mostly dink around but i do occasionally see things that even i think are stpid your insistance on not listing licenses is one of those this information is not only relevant but useful just look at the ssh article its got a big list that even lists the programming language that is used in some cases the license and even the the platform it runs on 
0.12023188
stupid

= = hera abandoning the trojans = = the section in the text about hera's hate for ganymede seems to be incorrect . [ her hate of him was applied by mythographers to account for her abandoning the trojans , an otherwise inaccountable shift in the alliances of the trojan war , for the troad was part of the homeland of the great goddess , of whom hera was the main olympian representative . ] the reason for the war was the decision of paris in the famous contest between goddesses hera , athene and aphrodite . hera was sure to take the other side in the war , as she wasn't the choice of paris .
0.085335255
hera abandoning the trojans the section in the text about heras ate for ganymede seems to be incorrect her hae of him was applied by mythographers to account for her abandoning the trojans an otherwise inaccountable shift in the alliances of the trojan war for the troad was part of the homeland of the great goddess of whom hera was the main olympian representative the reason for the war was the decision of paris in the famous contest between goddesses hera athene and aphrodite hera was sure to take the other side in the war as she wasnt the choice of paris 
0.025090408
hate

, 3 february 2006 ( utc ) # leave it where it is . the picture is relevant to the article . we do not ever censor articles to keep someone from being offended . '''''' 05:45
0.09107454
3 february 2006 utc leave it where it is the picture is relevant to the article we do not ever censor articles to keep someone from being offendd 0545 
0.05844601
offended

::: i don't get particularly upset about ad/ce , and as far as i know , you don't either . poor chooserr does , on the other hand , and has been blocked for edit warring a few times . but the battle as to when the gospels were written and as to whether jesus really existed is being fought at jesus as well as at historicity of jesus , with one of the same editors leading the battle . i only came across the dispute quite recently , although the article was on my watchlist as a vandalism target . this editor insists on writing jesus ( quotation marks , and lower case ) all over the talk page , to make the point that jesus wasn't a real person , and for a while he was adding a paragraph saying that there was no evidence that he had ever existed . i do recall reading that the agreement was that if articles already had ce , they shouldn't be changed to ad , and if they had ad , they shouldn't be changed to ce . i haven't found the relevant page . i think the dating of the gospels is more important . i have robinson , tresmontant , and carmignac in the house , but have only skimmed through them . they , as you know , argue for an early date . i can never work out how reliable brown is supposed to be . father peter straviskas , whom i trust , seems to think highly of him ; father william most , whom i also trusted ( he's dead now ) considered him very unreliable . going down to dinner now . aurelie !
0.09715562
i dont get particularly upset about adce and as far as i know you dont either poor chooserr does on the other hand and has been blocked for edit warring a few times but the battle as to when the gospels were written and as to whether jesus really existed is being fought at jesus as well as at historicity of jesus with one of the same editors leading the battle i only came across the dispute quite recently although the article was on my watchlist as a vanalism target this editor insists on writing jesus quotation marks and lower case all over the talk page to make the point that jesus wasnt a real person and for a while he was adding a paragraph saying that there was no evidence that he had ever existed i do recall reading that the agreement was that if articles already had ce they shouldnt be changed to ad and if they had ad they shouldnt be changed to ce i havent found the relevant page i think the dating of the gospels is more important i have robinson tresmontant and carmignac in the house but have only skimmed through them they as you know argue for an early date i can never work out how reliable brown is supposed to be father peter straviskas whom i trust seems to think highly of him father william most whom i also trusted hes dead now considered him very unreliable going down to dinner now aurelie 
0.08240773
vandalism

= = hello = = by the way . hello
0.028579397
hello by the wy hello 
0.02100284
way

: what am i , a rabbi ?
0.09190792
what am i a rabi 
0.048188783
rabbi

