= = speaking of bad faith ... = = reverting edits made in good faith immediately after they are made is irritating and hostile to collaboration . especially when you obviously don't take the time to consider their reasons . please explain to me why this quote : : the executive branch shall construe [ the torture ban ] in a manner consistent with the constitutional authority of the president to supervise the unitary executive branch and as commander in chief and consistent with the constitutional limitations on the judicial power . needs to be included in addition to ( and immediately following ) this quote : : the executive branch shall construe title x in division a of the act , relating to detainees , in a manner consistent with the constitutional authority of the president to supervise the unitary executive branch and as commander in chief and consistent with the constitutional limitations on the judicial power , which will assist in achieving the shared objective of the congress and the president , evidenced in title x , of protecting the american people from further terrorist attacks . further , in light of the principles enunciated by the supreme court of the united states in 2001 in alexander v . sandoval , and noting that the text and structure of title x do not create a private right of action to enforce title x , the executive branch shall construe title x not to create a private right of action . finally , given the decision of the congress reflected in subsections 1005(e ) and 1005(h ) that the amendments made to section 2241 of title 28 , united states code , shall apply to past , present , and future actions , including applications for writs of habeas corpus , described in that section , and noting that section 1005 does not confer any constitutional right upon an alien detained abroad as an enemy combatant , the executive branch shall construe section 1005 to preclude the federal courts from exercising subject matter jurisdiction over any existing or future action , including applications for writs of habeas corpus , described in section 1005 . is that sneaky little insertion of [ torture ban ] supposed to be the added value ?
0.08581376
speaking of bad faith reverting edits made in good faith immediately after they are made is irritating and hostile to collaboration especially when you obviously dont take the time to consider their reasons please explain to me why this quote the executive branch shall construe the torture ban in a manner consistent with the constitutional authority of the president to supervise the unitary executive branch and as commander in chief and consistent with the constitutional limitations on the judicial power needs to be included in addition to and immediately following this quote the executive branch shall construe title x in division a of the act relating to detainees in a manner consistent with the constitutional authority of the president to supervise the unitary executive branch and as commander in chief and consistent with the constitutional limitations on the judicial power which will assist in achieving the shared objective of the congress and the president evidenced in title x of protecting the american people from further terrorist attacks further in light of the principles enunciated by the supreme court of the united states in 2001 in alexander v sandoval and noting that the text and structure of title x do not create a private right of action to enforce title x the executive branch shall construe title x not to create a private right of action finally given the decision of the congress reflected in subsections 1005e and 1005h that the amendments made to section 2241 of title 28 united states code shall apply to past present and future actions including applications for writs of habeas corpus described in that section and noting that section 1005 des not confer any constitutional right upon an alien detained abroad as an enemy combatant the executive branch shall construe section 1005 to preclude the federal courts from exercising subject matter jurisdiction over any existing or future action including applications for writs of habeas corpus described in section 1005 is that sneaky little insertion of torture ban supposed to be the added value 
0.06849421
does

: i mostly used frank's downfall for the quotes in surrender of japanit's the best single reference i know . : the emperor made his decision on the night of august 9 – 10 : ... nevertheless , the time has come to bear the unbearable .... i swallow my tears and give my sanction to the proposal to accept the allied proclamation on the basis outlined by the foreign minister . that being the one-condition position , which the cabinet then accepted . but the allies didn't , so there followed a couple of days of telegrams back and forth . the surrender wasn't a done deal until august 14 , when the japanese gave up on an explicit guarantee for the emperor : i have listened carefully to each of the arguments presented in opposition to the view that japan should accept the allied reply as it stands and without further clarification or modification , but my own thoughts have not undergone any change . : i linked to it before , but here's an interesting first-hand account : :
0.04009592
i mostly used franks downfall for the quotes in surrender of japanits the best single reference i know the emperor made his decision on the night of august 9 – 10 nevertheless the time has come to bear the unbearable i wallow my tears and give my sanction to the proposal to accept the allied proclamation on the basis outlined by the foreign minister that being the onecondition position which the cabinet then accepted but the allies didnt so there followed a couple of days of telegrams back and forth the surrender wasnt a done deal until august 14 when the japanese gave up on an explicit guarantee for the emperor i have listened carefully to each of the arguments presented in opposition to the view that japan should accept the allied reply as it stands and without further clarification or modification but my own thoughts have not undergone any change i linked to it before but heres an interesting firsthand account 
0.015577752
swallow

:: interesting . we do read the same paper . let us discuss each other's sexual depravity , your republican homo-ness and my democratic butch-ness .
0.54394937
interesting we do rea the same paper let us discuss each others sexual depravity your republican homoness and my democratic butchness 
0.48322576
read

= = the main discussion = = the current mrs. nussle is a typical right-wing republican slut with a trophy husband . neo-pagan finds this offensive to his neo-pagan anti-christian , spit on the ten commandments sensibilities .
0.6689079
the main discussion the current mrs nussle is a typical rightwing republican lut with a trophy husband neopagan finds this offensive to his neopagan antichristian spit on the ten commandments sensibilities 
0.6248802
slut

please refrain from removing content from wikipedia , as you did to mozilla firefox . it is considered vandalism . if you want to experiment , please use the sandbox . thank you . e
0.046174467
please refrain from removing content from wikipedia as you did to mozilla firefox it is considered vndalism if you want to experiment please use the sandbox thank you e 
0.023226704
vandalism

this is one case where the american angle on the history is somewhat understandable . every major development in shotguns since the 1870s has been the work of american companies or individuals ( see john browning ) , and it remains one of the most widespread firearms in that country despite no bans on other types of gun ownership . also , as a police service weapon , it is not nearly as popular in europe or asia as in america .
0.017693369
this is one case where the american angle on the history is somewhat understandable every major development in shotuns since the 1870s has been the work of american companies or individuals see john browning and it remains one of the most widespread firearms in that country despite no bans on other types of gun ownership also as a police service weapon it is not nearly as popular in europe or asia as in america 
0.016809098
shotguns

please do not add commercial links ( or links to your own private websites ) to wikipedia . wikipedia is not a vehicle for advertising or a mere collection of external links . you are , however , encouraged to add content instead of links to the encyclopedia as we drive for print or dvd publication ; see the welcome page to learn more . thanks .
0.016031185
please do not add commercial links or links to your own private websites to wikipedia wikipedia is not a vehicle for advertising or a mere collection of external links you are however encouraged to add content instead of links to the encyclopedia as we drive for print or dvd publication see the welcome page to earn more thanks 
0.012607166
learn

please stop adding nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you . xd - help us )
0.12865858
please stop adding nnsense to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you xd help us 
0.050557975
nonsense

not the same person = = stop changing it to your opinions . claude speed and claude are not the same thing . i'm editing it . stupid pimple faced kids .
0.7433359
not the same person stop changing it to your opinions claude speed and claude are not the same thing im editing it tupid pimple faced kids 
0.2420946
stupid

= = ww2 casualties = = you really need to read my postings on soviet ww2 casualties . berndd aka
0.13023084
ww2 casualties you really nee to read my postings on soviet ww2 casualties berndd aka 
0.07800213
need

: you bet your ass it's inappropriate . we don't appreciate foreigners like you referring to avram iancu , a national hero , as someone famous for killing a lot of hungarians . - = = political bias = = i've reverted the last edits to the last version by bogdangiusca . obviously pov , using words like extremely mationalist and an affront to the hungarian community have no place in an encyclopedia article whose role is to inform readers about said person , nothing more . if you have strong opinions about a politician , write them on your own website . wikipedia can not be used for : * praising a politician . * providing negative propaganda about a politician . if you want to do those things , it is your right , just not here . it's not up to you to judge whether funar's municipal modifications were anti-hungarian or whatnot , since i can sure as hell list a whole list of anti-romanian actions that the udmr has done in its history . -
0.37556702
you bet your as its inappropriate we dont appreciate foreigners like you referring to avram iancu a national hero as someone famous for killing a lot of hungarians political bias ive reverted the last edits to the last version by bogdangiusca obviously pov using words like extremely mationalist and an affront to the hungarian community have no place in an encyclopedia article whose role is to inform readers about said person nothing more if you have strong opinions about a politician write them on your own website wikipedia can not be used for praising a politician providing negative propaganda about a politician if you want to do those things it is your right just not here its not up to you to judge whether funars municipal modifications were antihungarian or whatnot since i can sure as hell list a whole list of antiromanian actions that the udmr has done in its history 
0.20165206
ass

= = vip report : sam spade = = hello sysy . note that your vandalism in progress report concerning was moved to the administrators ' noticeboard for outside input . if you would like to comment , please see wp : an #vip_alert : _sam_spade . // ( admin / '''' )
0.07737647
vip report sam spade hello sysy note that your vanalism in progress report concerning was moved to the administrators noticeboard for outside input if you would like to comment please see wp an vipalert samspade admin 
0.046617668
vandalism

heja helwada offered cited references that khorasan had huge immigrations from arab families . i offered many references that state him to be an arab . logically , these are better than a potentially bogus poem you posted . three legit sources that al-khwarizmi was arab references that khorasan had a huge immigration by arabs . nothing but claims that al-khwarizmi was persian you gave us zero references that state him to be explicitly persian , not only that but you also tried to veer this off to a discussion on the political/historical background of khwarizm . what do we conclude from your(and other iranian editors ' ) actions so far ?
0.117645636
heja helwada offered cited references that khorasan had huge immigrations from arab families i offered many references that state him to be an arab logically these are better than a potentially bogs poem you posted three legit sources that alkhwarizmi was arab references that khorasan had a huge immigration by arabs nothing but claims that alkhwarizmi was persian you gave us zero references that state him to be explicitly persian not only that but you also tried to veer this off to a discussion on the politicalhistorical background of khwarizm what do we conclude from yourand other iranian editors actions so far 
0.09553884
bogus

:: oops , just noticed that you already have the first draft of answers ready - they are good enough for the final draft as well . so , what's the good word ? yes , right ? ( if it is no , it is no longer good word ) . btw , you may want to have a look at this .
0.022698408
oops just noticed that you already have the first draft of answers ready they are good enough for the final draft as well so whats the good word yes right if it is no it is no longer good word btw you may want to have a lok at this 
0.021081328
look

= = he removed my comments = = and that pissed me off . if you know him ask him to play straight . =
0.32174823
he removed my comments and that pissed me off if you know him ask him to pla straight 
0.3086654
play

: i can see the reasoning to split , but there have been two schools of thought about this for comics . obviously green lantern or robin are examples of a superhero name taken by several individuals , but the standard seems to be to create a ' main ' article about the character name/legacy and give some details about each . if more detail is needed/warrented , provide a link to the ' main article ' . obviously this is also affected by the significance of the character . starman ( comics ) for instance gives descriptions of all of the many characters with that name , but only re-links to those individuals who have been notable using that psuedonym . for shadowhawk it seems as if the mantle of this character was passed cleanly from one person to another , so i'd say keep it all in one article as with articles such as phantom lady or black canary .
0.021239975
i can see the reasoning to split but there have been two schools of thought about this for comics obviously green lantern or robin are examples of a superhero name taken by several individuals but the standard seems to be to create a main article about the character namelegacy and give some details about each if more detail is neededwarrented provide a link to the main article obviously this is also affected by the significance of the character starman comics for instance gives descriptions of all of the many characters with that name but only relinks to those individuals who have been notable using that psuedonym for shadowhawk it seems as if the mantle of this character was passed cleanly from one person to another so id say keep it all in one article as with articles such as phantom lady or back canary 
0.00987425
black

= = image copyright problem with image : chonsekmanng . jpg = = thanks for uploading image : chonsekmanng . jpg . however , the image may soon be deleted unless we can determine the copyright holder and copyright status . the wikimedia foundation is very careful about the images included in wikipedia because of copyright law ( see wikipedia's copyright policy ) . the copyright holder is usually the creator , the creator's employer , or the last person who was transferred ownership rights . copyright information on images is signified using copyright templates . the three basic license types on wikipedia are open content , public domain , and fair use . find the appropriate template in wikipedia : image copyright tags and place it on the image page like this : {{ templatename }} . please signify the copyright information on any other images you have uploaded or will upload . remember that images without this important information can be deleted by an administrator . if you have any questions , feel free to contact me . thank you . /
0.0072627226
image copyright problem with image chonsekmanng jpg thanks for uploading image chonsekmanng jpg however the image may soon be deleted unless we can determine the copyright holder and copyright status the wikimedia foundation is very careful about the images included in wikipedia because of copyright law see wikipedias copyright policy the copyright holder is usually the creator the creators employer or the last peson who was transferred ownership rights copyright information on images is signified using copyright templates the three basic license types on wikipedia are open content public domain and fair use find the appropriate template in wikipedia image copyright tags and place it on the image page like this templatename please signify the copyright information on any other images you have uploaded or will upload remember that images without this important information can be deleted by an administrator if you have any questions feel free to contact me thank you 
0.00641713
person

= = thank you so much !! = = thanks for showing me the uncyclopedia thingy , serously . you have shown me a place to get vandalism out of my system effectively . it also made me laugh . thanks again !
0.091100596
thank you so much thanks for showing me the uncyclopedia thingy serously you have shown me a place to get vndalism out of my system effectively it also made me laugh thanks again 
0.040820487
vandalism

* if i were to take the ill-advised action you advocate i would probably be desysopped . feel free to petition somebody else instead . this conversation is over . — mar . 7 , ' 06 [ 01:12 ]
0.062407847
if i were to take the illadvised actin you advocate i would probably be desysopped feel free to petition somebody else instead this conversation is over — mar 7 06 0112 
0.029438488
action

= = does it really matter ? = = does it really matter how long an article is ? i mean , how long do things have to be in order not to get deleted ?
0.047428112
does it really matter does it really matter how long an article s i mean how long do things have to be in order not to get deleted 
0.044757452
is

