inconvit is i who wins ! enience
0.08379486
inconvit s i who wins enience 
0.05823813
is

* i can see your enthusiasm , i heard verta ja lihaa on newgrounds also
0.05039243
i can ee your enthusiasm i heard verta ja lihaa on newgrounds also 
0.040117398
see

hi , ozwhiz , welcome to wikipedia ! i hope you like this place — i sure do — and want to stay . before getting too in-depth , you may want to read about the five pillars of wikipedia and simplified ruleset . if you need help on how to title new articles check out the naming conventions , and for help on formatting the pages visit the manual of style . if you need help look at wikipedia : help and the faq , plus if you can't find your answer there , check the village pump ( for wikipedia related questions ) or the reference desk ( for general questions ) ! there's still more help at the tutorial and policy library . plus , don't forget to visit the community portal . and if you have any more questions after that , feel free to post them on or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will be by to help you shortly . -tab_token = = = = additional tips = = = = tab_tokentab_token here's some extra tips to help you get around in the ' pedia ! * if you want to play around with your new wiki skills the sandbox is for you . tab_token * you can sign your name using three tildes (~) . if you use four , you can add a datestamp too . five will get you the datestamp only . * you may want to add yourself to the new user log . tab_token * if you ever think a page or image should be deleted , please list it at the votes for deletion page . there is also a votes for undeletion page if you want to retrieve something that you think should not have been deleted . * if you're still entirely confused , or would like to get a better grasp of your wikipedia skills , and you have an irc client ( or don't mind getting one ) , check out the bootcamp . it's not what it sounds like , but it is fun and can help you with your editing skills . * if you're bored and want to find something to do , try the random page button in the sidebar , or check out the open task message in the community portal . happy wiki-ing . — ps : this is not a bot and you did nothing to prompt this message . this is just a friendly welcome by a fellow wikipedian . click here to respond to this message !
0.019019637
hi ozwhiz welcome to wikipedia i hope you like this place — i sure do — and want to stay before getting too indepth you may want to read about the five pillars of wikipedia and simplified ruleset if you need help on how to title new articles check out the naming conventions and for help on formatting the pages visit the manual of style if you need help look at wikipedia help and the faq plus if you cant find your answer there check the village pump for wikipedia related questions or the reference desk for general questions theres still more help at the tutorial and policy library plus dont forget to visit the community portal and if you have any more questions after that feel free to post them on or place helpme on your talk page and someone will be by to help you shortly tabtoken additional tips tabtokentabtoken heres some extra tips to help you get around in the pedia if you want to play around with your new wiki skills the sandbox is for you tabtoken you can sign your name using three tildes if you use four you can add a datestamp too five will get you the datestamp only you may want to add yourself to the new user log tabtoken if you ever think a page or image should be deleted please list it at the votes for deletion page there is also a votes for undeletion page if you want to retrieve something that you think should not have been deleted if youre still entirely confused or would like to get a better grasp of your wikipedia skills and you have an irc client or dont mind getting one check out the bootcamp its not what it sounds like but it is fun and can help you with your editing skills if youre bored and want to find something to do try the random page button in the sidebar or check out the open task message in the community portal happy wikiing — ps this is not a bot and you did nthing to prompt this message this is just a friendly welcome by a fellow wikipedian click here to respond to this message 
0.01103968
nothing

stop vandalism this person is a religious fanatic and has no place in wikipedia as he vandalizes pages that do not confirm to his narrow wahhabi view . stop this vandalism .
0.47008064
stop vawdalism this person is a religious fanatic and has no place in wikipedia as he vandalizes pages that do not confirm to his narrow wahhabi view stop this vandlism 
0.42009255
vandalism

i know a cite for the coolac massacre . last monday at around 10am , on abc radio666 canberra morning show presented by alix sloane , alix had ian warden ( uc ) as a guest . they had a phone in re australian values and aussie trivia . the show went right across nsw . during it , it was said that the coolac massacre happened . the tape of the show should be available . i am sure alix would oblige .
0.0444474
i know a cite for the coolac kmassacre last monday at around 10am on abc radio666 canberra morning show presented by alix sloane alix had ian warden uc as a guest they had a phone in re australian values and aussie trivia the show went right across nsw during it it was said that the coolac assacre happened the tape of the show should be available i am sure alix would oblige 
0.019374402
massacre

i have removed the tag , because the direct causes for it are solved , and nobody has objected my solution for two weeks .
0.014900084
i have removed the tag because the direct causes for it are solved and nobdy has objected my solution for two weeks 
0.01191171
nobody

= = new american bible refering too the book of enoch = = in the passage - catholic ceremonial veils - it sais , qote : ... a woman should have a sign of authority on her head , because of the angels . could this be a reminisens from the book of enoch , a popular un-canonical writting from ancient cristianity ? the book of enoch ( and , although only in a short passage , the book of genisis ) refer too wild giants , spous of angels and the women of man , who devoured them when the land could not sustain their numbers .
0.09641976
new american bible refering too the book of enoch in the passage catholic ceremonial veils it sais qote a woman should have a sign of authority on her head because of the angels could this be a reminisens from the book of enoch a popular uncanonical writting from ancient cristianity the book of enoch and although only in a short passage the book of genisis refer too wild giants spous of angels and the women of man who dvoured them when the land could not sustain their numbers 
0.038747117
devoured

i warnned you not to fuck with me tony , and now looks whap happened ! this would have been a fuck of a lot easier on youe if you would have just let me comme back motherfucker now you can join me as personae non gratae around here
0.9316685
i warnned you not to fuck with me tony and now looks whap happened this would have been a fuck of a lot easier on youe if you would have just let me comme back moterfucker now you can join me as personae non gratae around here 
0.89835817
motherfucker

no problem . just doing my job ... * whistles * =) nishkid64 '''
0.06386898
no roblem just doing my job whistles nishkid64 
0.054426357
problem

= = this article has significant tone issues = = this article is nice to have , but is currently written like fancruft the tone , particularly fiction is inappropriate for an encyclopedia .
0.06234667
this article has significant tone issues this article is nice to have but is currently written like fancruft the tone particularly fiction is inppropriate for an encyclopedia 
0.036140352
inappropriate

your username , niggerspicjew , has been blocked indefinitely because it is either inappropriate or too similar to an existing username ( see our blocking policy for more information ) . you are encouraged to create a new account and contribute to wikipedia under a more appropriate username , and in a constructive manner . see wikipedia : username for guidance on selecting an appropriate username . you may also edit wikipedia without creating an account . if you would like to discuss the block , you may edit your talk page or email the administrator who blocked you . — 16:42 , 08 october 2006
0.0355742
your username niggerspicjew has been blocked indefinitely because it is either inappropriae or too similar to an existing username see our blocking policy for more information you are encouraged to create a new account and contribute to wikipedia under a more appropriate username and in a constructive manner see wikipedia username for guidance on selecting an appropriate username you may also edit wikipedia without creating an account if you would like to discuss the block you may edit your talk page or email the administrator who blocked you — 1642 08 october 2006 
0.020093987
inappropriate

:: i guess it is more of a common knowledge stereotype . it is not a pov statement .
0.033368547
i guess it s more of a common knowledge stereotype it i not a pov statement 
0.03208414
is

= = tyler combs = = thank you for experimenting with wikipedia by creating the page tyler combs . your test worked , and has been or will soon be removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.012579244
tyler combs thank you for experimenting with wikipedia by creating the page tyler combs your test worked and has been or will soon be removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do tke a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.011355568
take

editors as you and me do not decide what it is a source and what is not . what is a source is defined in wikipedia : reliable sources . you do not like my sources ?. i do not like yours neither . our liking or disliking of sources , our feeling about them means nothing in wikipedia .
0.0634681
editors as you and me do not decide what it is a source and what is not what is a source is defined in wikipedia reliable sources you do not like my sources i do not like yours neither our liking or dsliking of sources our feeling about them means nothing in wikipedia 
0.059540346
disliking

