:: is correct as regards changing one's name . as per the reference he supplied , in the republic of ireland , all that is necessary is that one begins using the new name , and that it not be done for fraudulent purposes . doing so is extremely common - how many thousands of women , for example , take their husband's surname on marriage without getting their name changed by deed poll ? changing one's name in this way is an entirely different thing from having one's registration of birth amended , where specific statutes apply . from the gro's website : changes to the register of births are almost impossible to effect and generally are only done if it can be proved that a clerical or factual error was made at the time of registration . so one can change one's name in common usage from , e.g. , george to jack , but george would remain on the register of births , unless you also changed it by deed poll . my understanding on the case of the transsexual who wanted to have her birth registration amended was that she wanted the gender changed ( though i'm open to correction on this ) . as an aside - i queried eamon o cuiv's use of the letter ' v ' in his surname on his article's talk page , and someone pointed out he conveniently drops the ' o ' from ' o cuiv ' for listing on ballot papers ...
0.035072424
is correct as regards changing ones name as per the reference he supplied in the republic of ireland all that is necessary is that one begins using the new name and that it not be done for fraudlent purposes doing so is extremely common how many thousands of women for example take their husbands surname on marriage without getting their name changed by deed poll changing ones name in this way is an entirely different thing from having ones registration of birth amended where specific statutes apply from the gros website changes to the register of births are almost impossible to effect and generally are only done if it can be proved that a clerical or factual error was made at the time of registration so one can change ones name in common usage from eg george to jack but george would remain on the register of births unless you also changed it by deed poll my understanding on the case of the transsexual who wanted to have her birth registration amended was that she wanted the gender changed though im open to correction on this as an aside i queried eamon o cuivs use of the letter v in his surname on his articles talk page and someone pointed out he conveniently drops the o from o cuiv for listing on ballot papers 
0.026265927
fraudulent

:: wow ! you are the best , mate ! thanks a ton !!
0.059225194
wow you are the best mae thanks a ton 
0.01948188
mate

= = wdwb-tv to wxon-tv ? = = it can happen . look at kuam-tv and kuam-lp ... same call-signs , different suffixes .... of course , they may have to ask wxon-lp in flint , michigan for permission .
0.020160554
wdwbtv to wxontv it can happen lok at kuamtv and kuamlp same callsigns different suffixes of course they may have to ask wxonlp in flint michigan for permission 
0.014923142
look

i went to the first link on bellamy . and its about him being persecuted by lunatics . so you wouldn't wonder that he would be intimidated into a retraction . so its full spectrum lunacy here . trying to control the wiki . intimidating scientists who disagree with you . a major cult movement . which is not to say that his comments on glaciers weren't way out of date and wrong . if indeed he did make them . what happens is that these leftists will follow people around taking notes of every last thing they say . and then if they make one mistake then that's a hanging offence . shame on the scientists for giving this fellow such a hard time . this is what science has come to . a priesthood with its own star chamber . and parasites like william here declaring bellamy a non-scientist . the impudence
0.39925808
i went to the first link on bellamy and its about him being persecuted by lunatics so you wouldnt wonder that he would be intimidated into a retraction so its full spectrum lunacy here trying to control the wiki intimidating scientists who disagree with you a major cult movement which is not to say that his comments on glaciers werent way out of date and wrong if indeed he did make them what happens is that these leftists will follow people around taking notes of every last thing they say and then if they make one mistake then thats a hanging offence shame on the scientists for giving this fellow such a hard time this is what science has come to a priesthood with its own star chamber and parsites like william here declaring bellamy a nonscientist the impudence 
0.3615354
parasites

* that's simple , you have placed a possible copyright warning upon that page . i do not know why you did that . personally , i am not sure that the information is subject to sopyright due to it being placed on a wiki site & therefore the copyright ( if there is one ) could belong to several users & since it is freely edited , can there be a copyright ? having read the information on the lostpedia site , i found this text ... the license wikipedia uses grants free access to our content in the same sense as free software is licensed freely . this principle is known as copyleft . that is to say , wikipedia content can be copied , modified , and redistributed so long as the new version grants the same freedoms to others and acknowledges the authors of the wikipedia article used ( a direct link back to the article satisfies our author credit requirement ) . wikipedia articles therefore will remain free forever and can be used by anybody subject to certain restrictions , most of which serve to ensure that freedom . to fulfill the above goals , the text contained in wikipedia is licensed to the public under the gnu free documentation license ( gfdl ) . the full text of this license is at wikipedia : text of the gnu free documentation license . since the text used on that site is licensed to the public & wikipedia content can be copied , modified , and redistributed so long as the new version grants the same freedoms to others , i feel that just placing a link to the original article at the bottom of the page would remedy this . agreed ? -
0.011110953
thats simple you have placed a possible copyright warning upon that page i do not know why you did that personally i am not sure that the information is subject to sopyright due to it being placed on a wiki site therefore the copyright if there is one could belong to several users since it is freely edited can there be a copyright having read the information on the lostpedia site i found this text the license wikipedia uses grants free access to our content in the same snse as free software is licensed freely this principle is known as copyleft that is to say wikipedia content can be copied modified and redistributed so long as the new version grants the same freedoms to others and acknowledges the authors of the wikipedia article used a direct link back to the article satisfies our author credit requirement wikipedia articles therefore will remain free forever and can be used by anybody subject to certain restrictions most of which serve to ensure that freedom to fulfill the above goals the text contained in wikipedia is licensed to the public under the gnu free documentation license gfdl the full text of this license is at wikipedia text of the gnu free documentation license since the text used on that site is licensed to the public wikipedia content can be copied modified and redistributed so long as the new version grants the same freedoms to others i feel that just placing a link to the original article at the bottom of the page would remedy this agreed 
0.008027463
sense

thank you for experimenting with the page witzelsucht on wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . -
0.0136018535
thank you for experimenting with the page witzelsucht on wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do tke a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.013149482
take

the images are all copyviolations . none of your work is referenced . all you have to add is speculation . see wp : vmongo fine , fair enough , ignore me . i have nothing to add that hasn't already been said by the dude on http://www.st911.org - resources - what hit the pentagon ? do not ignore him . you will find all ' my ' photographs referenced fully within his sources . so ner . ( and by the way , the security camera image you guys seem so fond of is , i understand , criticised as dodgy and asserted to be ' conspiratorial ' by the neocon arseholes . there's no 757 in it , you see , and the fireball is ridiculously too small . its important to , like , ' think ' ( don't know if its been outlawed in america yet ) about pictures for yourself , rather than just bitching about the ' liberal elite ' ) i will not touch the site again . but undisputed ( and yes they fucking are undisputed : www.st911.org ) photographs and measurements of the crash site are vital to allow people to make up their own minds , and ' factual ' measurements do not deserve to be tarnished with the label ' conspiracy theory ' , particularly in a supposedly objective site where you permit references to physically impossible processes . airliner vaporisation ? for fuck sake .
0.69850993
the images are all copyviolations none of your work is referenced all you have to add is speculation see wp vmongo fine fair enough ignore me i have nothing to add that hasnt already been said by the dude on httpwwwst911org resources what hit the pentagon do not ignore him you will find all my photographs referenced fully within his sources so ner and by the way the security camera image you guys seem so fond of is i understand criticised as dodgy and asserted to be conspiratorial by the neocon arseholes theres no 757 in it you see and the fireball is ridiculously too small its important to like think dont know if its been outlawed in america yet about pictures for yourself rather than just bitching about the liberal elite i will not touch the site again but undisputed and yes they fucking are undisputed wwwst911org photographs and measurements of the crash site are vital to allow people to make up their own minds and factual measurements do not deserve to be tarnished with the label conspiracy theory particularly in a supposedly objective site where you permit references to physically impossible processes airliner vaporisation for uck sake 
0.59371
fuck

all discussions and suggestions welcome . we are converting the english wikipedia into an xml data file for import by wikimedia into the native cherokee wikipedia . all english cherokee articles will be updated here first since conversion into cherokee is a one way process due to conjugtion rules and verb stem construction . conversion of cherokee into english is less precise and more complex latin based words have no counterparts in the cherokee language . all native cherokee and interesting contributors welcome .
0.009012934
all discussions and suggestions welcome we are converting the english wikipedia into an xml data file for import by wikimedia into the native cherokee wikipedia all english cherokee articles will be updated here first since conversion into cherokee is a one way process due to conjugtion rules and verb tem construction conversion of cherokee into english is less precise and more complex latin based words have no counterparts in the cherokee language all native cherokee and interesting contributors welcome 
0.0073939413
stem

= = ?? = = i only touched the guys page because he asked me to
0.22020918
i only ouched the guys page because he asked me to 
0.09416843
touched

april 2006 ( utc ) unless i am very much mistaken , you ( and , many other wiki administrators in many places ) are using the wikipedia epithet ' pov ' to mean mipov ( minority point of view ) , and ' npov ' (' neutral point of view ' ) as mapov/maipov ( majority/mainstream point of view ) . is there a mechanism at wikipedia whereby we can even establish what is the mapov ? you are old , father william , the young man said , and your hair has become very white ; and yet you incessantly stand on your head do you think , at your age , it is right ? 19:03 , 18
0.084281474
april 2006 utc unless i am very much mistaken you and many other wiki administrators in many places are using the wikipedia epithet pov to mean mipov minority point of view and npov neutral point of view as mapovmaipov majoritymainstream point of view is there a mechanism at wikipedia whereby we can even establish what is the mapov you are old father william the young man said and your hair has become very white and yet you incessantly stand on your had do you think at your age it is right 1903 18 
0.06965712
head

braille ' the world's first binary character encoding ' ? when i first found the article alleging this i altered it simply because the writer appears not to have heard of geomantic figures . i wake up this morning to find that , in the space of my few hours of sleep , a contributor called petri kohn has submitted a discussion article entitled ' occult nonsense ' and the article has reverted to its original inaccuracy . whatever we think of occult practices , the fact remains that the geomantic figures are a binary code just as much as braille . this is therefore skulduggery and pov gone mad , but i have merely placed a ' factually disputed ' notice for the time being .
0.034577325
braille the worlds first binary character encoding when i first found the article alleging this i altered it simply because the writer appears not to have heard of geomantic figures i wake up this morning to find that in the space of my few hours of sleep a contributor called petri kohn has submitted a discussion article entitled occult nonsese and the article has reverted to its original inaccuracy whatever we think of occult practices the fact remains that the geomantic figures are a binary code just as much as braille this is therefore skulduggery and pov gone mad but i have merely placed a factually disputed notice for the time being 
0.022045188
nonsense

::: i did and your tagging is without merit . i have made my case , its a historical list , cannot be copyrighted , so now what ? a waste of time good night ,
0.17535794
i did and your tagging is without merit i have made my case its a historical list cannot be copyrighted so now what a wast of time good night 
0.10314408
waste

= = removed cleanup tag = = i removed the cleanup tag placed on the buddha page . i think alot of people have made positive contributions , and to me the article looks vastly improved . if anyone disagrees , please feel free to put the tag back on . otherwise , thank you all for your excellent work . d
0.013793503
removed cleanup tag i removed the cleanup tag placed on the buddha page i think alot of people have made positive contributions and to me the article looks vastly improved if anyone diagrees please feel free to put the tag back on otherwise thank you all for your excellent work d 
0.012599629
disagrees

= = gamaliel tries to ban editor with whom he disagrees = = regarding your last post , i now ask that you never post on my talk page again . gamaliel : and i decline . gamaliel , you must understand this isn't your page , and you can't roam around the web site threatening people and then hide on this particular page when such matters need to brought to your attention and addressed by yourself .
0.2552275
gamaliel tries to ban editor with whom he disagrees regarding your last post i now ask that you never post on my talk page again gamaliel and i decline gamaliel you must understand this isnt your page and you cant roam around the web site thretening people and then hide on this particular page when such matters need to brought to your attention and addressed by yourself 
0.18814407
threatening

, 19 april 2006 ( utc ) i have raised the matter on the incident board . hopefully we'll get some objective option . in your current mental state you are a liability to wikipedia as an admin , as you are clearly using it as a self-esteem raising exerise . 22:09
0.1281594
19 april 2006 utc i have raised the matter on the incident board hopefully well get some objective option in your current mentl state you are a liability to wikipedia as an admin as you are clearly using it as a selfesteem raising exerise 2209 
0.05687925
mental

= = = the simple answer is ... = = = mostly southern ( call it 80/20 ) , but with some midwestern traits . for example , kentucky's hilly topography with many streams and rivers are typical of the south , but the united we stand divided we fall motto is totally opposite of most state's rights mottos in the south . economically we area somewhere in between , having a better economy and population growth than most midwestern states , but still behind true sunbelt states like georgia , tennessee or the carolinas . food and accent wise we are definatly southern . as for louisville , i think that the old stock native louisvillians are midwestern in accent and attitude , but jefferson's county nearly doubled it's population from 1940-1960 with people mostly from south central and western kentucky which really altered the culture . econmoically , louisville today has less of a heavy industry based economy city than it use to be , but instead has employment concentrated in a few high tech automobile factories and in the service industry , making it less cincinnati and more like nashville . , april 20 .
0.032692052
the simple answer is mostly southern call it 8020 but with some midwestern traits for example kentuckys hilly topography with many streams and rivers are typical of the south but the united we stand divided we fall motto is totally opposite of msot states rights mottos in the south economically we area somewhere in between having a better economy and population growth than mos midwestern states but still behind true sunbelt states like georgia tennessee or the carolinas food and accent wise we are definatly southern as for louisville i think that the old stock native louisvillians are midwestern in accent and attitude but jeffersons county nearly doubled its population from 19401960 with people mostly from south central and western kentucky which really altered the culture econmoically louisville today has less of a heavy industry based economy city than it use to be but instead has employment concentrated in a few high tech automobile factories and in the service industry making it less cincinnati and more like nashville april 20 
0.024107773
most

= = mass adding of citation needed templates for already referenced facts = = the user dominick is on a vandalism spree , adding a lot of stupid citation needed templates in the early life section for a bunch of obvious facts , which are already referenced in the long version of that section , the early life of pope benedict xvi article . when removed , he keeps reinstating it . that is blatant sabotaging of the article . there was a reason some stuff was moved to a separate article , and we don't need to double it all up .
0.23398104
mass adding of citation needed templates for already referenced facts the user dominick is on a vandalism spree adding a lot of stupi citation needed templates in the early life section for a bunch of obvious facts which are already referenced in the long version of that section the early life of pope benedict xvi article when removed he keeps reinstating it that is blatant sabotaging of the article there was a reason some stuff was moved to a separate article and we dont need to double it all up 
0.110477105
stupid

