: on the basis of what you wrote in the image description page , i added the tag , as that seems to convey your intent . you may want to double-check what that license says to make sure you're ok with it . •
0.021270644
on the basis of what you wrote in the image description page i added the tag as that seems to convey your intent you may want to doublecheck what that license says to mae sure youre ok with it • 
0.021068564
make

please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to michael lazerwitz . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox .
0.16193153
please refrain from adding nnsense to wikipedia as you did to michael lazerwitz it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox 
0.102661915
nonsense

hi , and welcome to wikipedia . out of curiosity , where did you find out about the poll at talk : pashtun people ? thanks . —
0.0055109095
hi and welcome to wikipedia out of curiosity where did you find out about the poll at talk pashtun people tanks — 
0.004537594
thanks

it seem's to be written in the manner of a story rather than that of an article .
0.033481114
it seems to be written in the manne of a story rather than that of an article 
0.026128383
manner

: well she isnt a mp anymore , so the current picture is counterfactual . i agree the picture on the main page isnt everything . rather see one from the time magazine awards ceremony . there are actually even less flattering pictures of hirsi ali around , from the early 90s .
0.018172326
well she isnt a mp anymore so the current picture is counterfactual i agree the picture on the main page isnt everything rather see one from the time magazine awards ceremony there are actually even less lattering pictures of hirsi ali around from the early 90s 
0.013366066
flattering

the second paragraph , in contrast , is biased towards opus dei . hello , i'm a |
0.024356563
the second paragraph in contrast is biaed towards opus dei hello im a 
0.021938372
biased

another option would be to do a minimal cleanup of rattlesnake and create a separate page for crotalus . actually , i think that's probably the best thing to do in this case . although not always the most desireable solution , we could do the same thing in some other situations just to avoid attracting too much attention from the village elders . -)
0.010372924
another option would be to do a minimal cleanup of rattlesnke and create a separate page for crotalus actually i think thats probably the best thing to do in this case although not always the most desireable solution we could do the same thing in some other situations just to avoid attracting too much attention from the village elders 
0.008038183
rattlesnake

= = replacement article for the assyrian people page under identity = = assyrian people are not all , or may not be , 100% ethnically assyrian and may be descended of one or more of the following : the assyrians and/or the people that they conquered , and/or of the people that conquered them . with the ancient people , there really would be no way to prove the lineage unless one was to unearth many ancient graves , examine and carbon date the remains , compare the dna of the different graves , and then come up with a comparative analisys of the ancient peoples ' dna to that of the modern-day people . with the latter day arrivals of conquerors it is possible that they may have had some influence as well for at first a lot of the anscestors of the modern-day arabs , kurds , mongols , persians , and turks were originally christian and/or converts , and the area they ruled remained predominantly christian with syriac as the lingua franca up until the islamic conquests . many may have been assimilated into the syriac christian culture . the ancient assyrian empire had a policy of deporting inhabitants from their natural environments and relocating them to urban areas of the empire in order to assimilate them into assyro-babylonian culture , which in turn caused a loss , or to the least of that extent , a merger of cultures , in turn somewhat destroying their own sense of national identity . that tactic was borrowed and applied by the persians , and by many empires that followed , including the united states , with its former policy against native americans of relocating them to reservations . ironically , this has been the fate of the modern-day people . the ba'ath parties of iraq , syria , and to a lesser extent , syria's influence and interference in lebanese affairs , were adament in replacing all ethnic identities with an arab nationalistic identity . that is the replacement i have come up with that keeps reverting . please moderate .
0.031165337
replacement article for the assyrian people page under identity assyrian people are not all or may not be 100 ethnically assyrian and may be descended of one or more of the following the assyrians andor the people that they conquered andor of the people that conquered them with the ancient people there really would be no way to prove the lineage unless one was to unearth many ancient graves examine and carbon date the remains compare the dna of the different graves and then come up with a comparative analisys of the ancient peoples dna to that of the modernday people with the latter day arrivals of conquerors it is possible that they may have had some influence as well for at first a lot of the anscestors of the modernday arabs kurd mongols persians and turks were originally christian andor converts and the area they ruled remained predominantly christian with syriac as the lingua franca up until the islamic conquests many may have been assimilated into the syriac christian culture the ancient assyrian empire had a policy of deporting inhabitants from their natural environments and relocating them to urban areas of the empire in order to assimilate them into assyrobabylonian culture which in turn caused a loss or to the least of that extent a merger of cultures in turn somewhat destroying their own sense of national identity that tactic was borrowed and applied by the persians and by many empires that followed including the united states with its former policy against native americans of relocating them to reservations ironically this has been the fate of the modernday people the baath parties of iraq syria and to a lesser extent syrias influence and interference in lebanese affairs were adament in replacing all ethnic identities with an arab nationalistic identity that is the replacement i have come up with that keeps reverting please moderate 
0.025540471
kurds

- this is why i proposed it . france's communes are not like other city limits , which is most likely why the insee publishes its statistics as it does
0.007782027
this is why i proposed it frances communes ae not like other city limits which is most likely why the insee publishes its statistics as it does 
0.006992625
are

= = article kevin parratt = = hello , i'm trying to make the article about kevin parratt as accurate as possible . if you change my work what should i do ? if you have particular knowledge about the artist then please contribute but don't reverse my work . regards , olover
0.026559517
article kevin parratt hello im trying to make the article about kevin parratt as accurate as possible if you change my work what should i do if you have particular knowledge about the artist then pleae contribute but dont reverse my work regards olover 
0.02072621
please

ocean city high school just curious , do you go to ocean city high school ? i currently do . ()
0.03380751
ocean city high school just curious do you go to ocean city high scool i currently do 
0.03031306
school

:::: uhu . so now we determined that we can use the word troll and trolling but we can't throw it around in a debate ( i don't recall debating with a troll ) , is there a procedure or a policy that scrutinizies the issue at hand in regards to when and where it is proper to accuse someone of trolling ?
0.09821765
uhu so now we determined that we can use the word trool and trolling but we cant throw it around in a debate i dont recall debating with a roll is there a procedure or a policy that scrutinizies the issue at hand in regards to when and where it is proper to accuse someone of trolling 
0.06579653
troll

thats why he has no time to care about iraq and all the other problems
0.15303716
thats why he has no time to care about iraq and all the other problem 
0.13028118
problems

= = characters of megatokyo = = the merges put on the page don't make much sense because the new versions were exact copies of the orriginal . then the old character page had all of its links removed and was left alone . so merging it would be pretty pointless . i mean this in no offence i just wish to point out why i am against merging the articles . sorry if this annoys you
0.26244706
characters of megatokyo the merges put on the page dont make much sense because the new versions were exact copies of the orriginal then the old character page had all of its links removed and was left alone so merging it would be pretty pointless i mean this in no offence i just wish to point out why i am against merging the articles sorry if this annys you 
0.19558848
annoys

= = faget = = ill do what i wish fat ass cock sucker
0.976588
faget ill do what i wish fat ass cock suckr 
0.9666795
sucker

salve , laurascudder . could you please change the spelling of ' modern galilean relativity ' into modern galilean relativity ? i am somewhat in a hurry because in two weeks time i leave for italy and i shall not return before the second half of august . i shall try to finish the article before i leave . the current interruptions are annoying .
0.11692337
salve laurascudder could you please change the spelling of modern galilean relativity into modern galilean relativity i am somewhat in a hurry because in two weeks time i leave for italy and i shall not return before the second half of august i shall try to finish the article before i leave the current interruptions are annoyng 
0.03453032
annoying

trilled rs are certainly not common to all german speakers ! especially german speakers from the berlin area . such speakers do exist , but most german rs are made at the back of the throat , similar to french . however , trilling the r has been common practice in choral , symphonic and opera music .
0.017307319
trilled rs are certainly not common to all german speakers especially german speakers from the berlin area such speakers do exist but most german rs are made at the back of the troat similar to french however trilling the r has been common practice in choral symphonic and opera music 
0.006972335
throat

