above the title productions please stop . if you continue to remove content from pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia .
0.04075629
above the title productions please sop if you continue to remove content from pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia 
0.036424458
stop

= = ruskin fellowship = = hi , as a recent change patroller i noticed an edit of yours to the ruskin fellowship article . i think that you are doing a great job , so i hope that you won't feel that i'm being overly critical if i say that i noticed your liberal use of capitalisation . i would encourage you to attempt to follow the guidelines for capitalisation in the manual of style . i know there is a lot in it to digest in one sitting . hopefully , by making you aware that it exists , i will be helping you to learn a new skill . keep up the good work .
0.03469405
ruskin fellowship hi as a recent change patroller i noticed an edit of yours to the ruskin fellowship article i think that you are doing a great job so i hope that you wont feel that im being overly critical if i say that i noticed your libera use of capitalisation i would encourage you to attempt to follow the guidelines for capitalisation in the manual of style i know there is a lot in it to digest in one sitting hopefully by making you aware that it exists i will be helping you to learn a new skill keep up the good work 
0.03456772
liberal

: thank you , , for politely reverting , as an equal might . = = civility = = dear reader , you are probably reading this because you think i'm an obnoxious clown . okay . the thing about wikipedia that is magical is that we are a community of equals . when someone ( like ) unilaterally deletes a large swath of content against the stated objections of a number of contributors , it does dishonor to this equality . when someone ( like or ) uses a threat of authoritarian action to prove that they are right , it does dishonor to this equality . if you want to prove you are right , use the rights of all wikipedians ( like and ): edit ! hell , when someone like tells you you're an asshole for being an asshole ( or , in the words of a more tactful wikipedian , too bold ) , am i contributing to wikipedia ? no , probably not . but am i honoring the spirit of equality ? hell yeah ! we can swear at eachother until the cows come home without one of us depriving the other of the powers inherent in a wiki . but if i wanted to contribute to an encyclopedia run by a community of rule-obsessed elites , i would submit to encyclopedia britannica . or , look at it from the utilitarian perspective . i once tried to get in a revert war , and i found it was way too boring after only two rounds , so i quit ( allowing to get the last word ... until a third party emerged from the community of equals to take my place ) . but , man , throwing sand in the face of a pointless authoritarian ? priceless ! i'll do it forever if you're willing to keep playing . bring it on ! suffice it to say , i have a wikipedia alter ego , which has a couple serious contributions under his belt . or , to put it another way , i have a lot of ip addresses . convince , threaten , block . don't threaten , threaten , threaten . it just doesn't work . so if you want to revert my work , go for it . i might argue with you , i might even be uncivil , but you can be certain that i won't block you or delete your contributions or even vandalize your encyclopedic content . you won't find any proudly-displayed thank you notes from administrators on .
0.46971983
thank you for politely reverting as an equal might civility dear reader you are probably reading this because you think im an obnoxious clown okay the thing about wikipedia that is magical is that we are a community of equals when someone like unilaterally deletes a large swath of content against the stated objections of a number of contributors it does dishonor to this equality when someone like or uses a threat of authoritarian action to prove that they are right it does dishonor to this equality if you want to prove you are right use the rights of all wikipedians like and edit hell when someone like tells you youre an asshonle for being an ashole or in the words of a more tactful wikipedian too bold am i contributing to wikipedia no probably not but am i honoring the spirit of equality hell yeah we can swear at eachother until the cows come home without one of us depriving the other of the powers inherent in a wiki but if i wanted to contribute to an encyclopedia run by a community of ruleobsessed elites i would submit to encyclopedia britannica or look at it from the utilitarian perspective i once tried to get in a revert war and i found it was way too boring after only two rounds so i quit allowing to get the last word until a third party emerged from the community of equals to take my place but man throwing sand in the face of a pointless authoritarian priceless ill do it forever if youre willing to keep playing bring it on suffice it to say i have a wikipedia alter ego which has a couple serious contributions under his belt or to put it another way i have a lot of ip addresses convince threaten block dont threaten threaten threaten it just doesnt work so if you want to revert my work go for it i might argue with you i might even be uncivil but you can be certain that i wont block you or delete your contributions or even vandalize your encyclopedic content you wont find any proudlydisplayed thank you notes from administrators on 
0.2588337
asshole

— the preceding unsigned comment was added by • . : i placed the main templates in that article for two reasons : 1 ) to provide readers with a clearly-recognizable link to related articles of relevance , and 2 ) as a subtle encouragement for editors to rectify the current situation , where , as you noted , the main articles are not as long as the sections in the battle of the beams article . i'm not confident enough in my knowledge of either radio navigation systems or of wwii uk military history to pare down the sections , merge into the narrower articles , and write an elegant summary for each of the sections myself . : if nothing else , i succeeded in having at least one person notice the situation you mentioned ... – |
0.008108543
— the preceding unsigned comment was added by • i placed the main templates in that article for two reasons 1 to provide readers with a clearlyrecognizable link to related articles of relevance and 2 as a subtle encouragement for editors to rectify the current situation where as you noted the main articles are not as long as the sections in the battle of the beams article im not confident enough in my knowledge of either radio navigation systems or of wwii uk militry history to pare down the sections merge into the narrower articles and write an elegant summary for each of the sections myself if nothing else i succeeded in having at least one person notice the situation you mentioned – 
0.006592485
military

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are some pages that you might find helpful : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . again , welcome ! oh , and thanks for deleting your test edit to second avenue subway =) . - . : .
0.009258421
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here are some pages that you might find helpful the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions again welcome oh and thank for deleting your test edit to second avenue subway 
0.007518839
thanks

= = dont click the link in percy snoodle's user page . = = if you want to view the comic , which i'm sure is so great , i would reccomend looking elsewhere . the site that is linked is full of popups , and excessive cookies . )
0.033442806
dont click the link in percy snoodles user page if you want to view the comic which im sure is so great i would reccomend looking elsewhere the site that is linked is full of popups and excessie cookies 
0.0239773
excessive

= = thanks for all the help = = bighaz was a great help to me . i appreciate the time you spent to give me instructions on things to do , and tips . thanks ,
0.009077794
thanks for all the help bighaz was a great help to me i appreciate the time you spent to give me instructions on things to o and tips thanks 
0.008494504
do

= = please do not vandalize ! = = if you vandalize another article as you did to lord of the rings , i'm afraid i'm going to have to give you another warning . if you keep up this violent behavior you just might receive ... your last warning . punk !
0.5164677
please do not vandalize if you vandalize another article as you did to lord of the rings im afraid im going to have to give you another warning if you keep up this violen behavior you just might receive your last warning punk 
0.41130078
violent

= = i love you = = u are my boo . i love you so much . thanks for being a good person .
0.10435438
i love you u are my bo i love you so much thanks for being a good person 
0.06014033
boo

my proposed lead paragraph , which treats the topic of the article ( unlike the current lead paragraph ) . the historical jesus is jesus of nazareth as reconstructed by historians who regard him as a natural man rather than as a supernatural entity . though these acounts vary , in general they portray jesus as a 1st-century jewish sage or prophet who had a following but who did not establish a religion or send his disciples to convert the gentiles . scholars of the historical jesus use the historical method and israeli archeology to reconstruct a biography of jesus . they debate whether he preached the imminent end of the world , his connection to religious groups ( such as the essenes ) , and which sayings attributed to him are actually his . the so-called quest for the historical jesus began with hermann samuel reimarus and continues today with scholars such as the fellows of the jesus seminar . lc , i imagine that you will assert that this isn't what's meant by the term historical jesus , but if you google historical jesus was , you'll see that this is how the term is generally used .
0.033515602
my proposed lead paragraph which treats the topic of the article unlike the current lead paragraph the historical jesus is jesus of nazareth as reconstructed by historians who regard him as a natural man rather than as a supernatural entity though these acounts vary in general they portray jesus as a 1stcentury jewih sage or prophet who had a following but who did not establish a religion or send his disciples to convert the gentiles scholars of the historical jesus use the historical method and israeli archeology to reconstruct a biography of jesus they debate whether he preached the imminent end of the world his connection to religious groups such as the essenes and which sayings attributed to him are actually his the socalled quest for the historical jesus began with hermann samuel reimarus and continues today with scholars such as the fellows of the jesus seminar lc i imagine that you will assert that this isnt whats meant by the term historical jesus but if you google historical jesus was youll see that this is how the term is generally used 
0.031459495
jewish

thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do . take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.011039097
thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed plase use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.009517738
please

: no , i don't get it . you are wrong . spelling is not always logical and this is an example . laborious would be another similar example , where labour does not lead to labourious . not even in canada !
0.11104061
no i dont get it you are wrong spelling is not always logical and this is an example laborious would be another similar example where labor does not lead to labourious not even in canada 
0.098042235
labour

= = your break = = hey mr v . i hope you have a safe and restful break . but don't be gone for too long ! ) best wishes ,
0.043988157
your break hey mr v i hope you have a safe and restful break but dont be gone for too lng best wishes 
0.020538576
long

since when does a saxophone sound like an electric guitar ? the album version is different from the radio version . —
0.009346459
since when does a saxophone sound like an electric guitar the album version i different from the radio version — 
0.009186846
is

: it is not listed on this european list as it still survives in some parts of europe . in which british section do you mean ? this : list of extinct animals of the british isles ? if you know the extinction date is wrong and you know the correct one , you are free to change it of course . but please use references to avoid reverts , and keep in mind that the british isles are not just the uk , but also ireland , etc .
0.06583281
it is not listed on this european list as it still survives in some parts of europe in which british section do you mean this list of extint animals of the british isles if you know the extinction date is wrong and you know the correct one you are free to change it of course but please use references to avoid reverts and keep in mind that the british isles are not just the uk but also ireland etc 
0.06194872
extinct

:: oh dear . well , breaks are good for you . just keep it this time -) talk to me , girl ... —
0.057918385
oh dear well breaks are good for you just keep it this time talk to me gir — 
0.04321145
girl

you obviously know shit-nothing about physics , if the buildings were colored red by red in the water , the sky reflection wouldn't be so blue , it'd have tinted purple .
0.5834046
you obviously know shitnothing about physics if the buildings wee colored red by red in the water the sky reflection wouldnt be so blue itd have tinted purple 
0.053336203
were

= = list of constituencies = = the list of constituencies given , at present , by this article looks somewhat suspect . it does not agree with info in assembly member ( welsh assembly ) . .
0.014440976
list of constituencies the list of constituencies given at present by this article loks somewhat suspect it does not agree with info in assembly member welsh assembly 
0.0080849035
looks

brokeback mountain please do not replace wikipedia pages or sections with blank content . it is considered vandalism . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks .
0.045797344
brokeback mountain please do not replace wikipedia pages or sections with blank content it is considered vanalism please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks 
0.015860233
vandalism

= = i'd like to agree with many posters here = = the christmas holiday has nothing to do with christ . i would like to cite the historical section of our artical which clearly illustrates that the holiday was and is pagan , not christian . by continuing to mislead people , that jesus has anything to do with that holiday you are attempting to rewrite history and that is not our job . i would suggest that the article start off saying something to the effect : christmas is a [ christianized ] term for a traditional holiday practiced by many cultures throughout the world . i think that would be a more accurate opening .
0.04415982
id like to agree with many posters here the christmas holiday has nothing to do with christ i would like to cite the historical section of our artical which clearly illustrates that the holiday was and is pagan not christian by continuing to mslead people that jesus has anything to do with that holiday you are attempting to rewrite history and that is not our job i would suggest that the article start off saying something to the effect christmas is a christianized term for a traditional holiday practiced by many cultures throughout the world i think that would be a more accurate opening 
0.018891945
mislead

