yes , that's probably the best way to view the development of that article . however , i can't go into that much detail myself because i certainly don't have the time to do that much research . that quote from iliad is rather odd . homer seems to be refering to hesiod's earlier theogony ; but the details are different . the perseus digital library ( whose pages take some time to load ; so for anybody reading this , be patient ) translates homer's quote just as you say ( line 14 onwards ) , and has this to say for theogony ( line 720 onwards ) . i'm no classicist , but i'd be weary of that bit of text - it is certinly odd and probably should not be taken at face value so naïvely . as you say , everywhere else ( as far as i know ) he refers to the underworld as the domain of hades . as for erebus , the quotes from iliad ( under the heading : 3 from homer , iliad ) , at face value , seem to indicate that it is a place . but this is merely a misunderstanding of what erebus is . erebus is the gloom , the darkness of the underworld , the place of dark mists as you put it . replace erebus with darkness of the underworld or the like and the quotes make just as much sense as the assumption that erebus is a physical location . however , i don't know of any source that explicitly states that it is a location in the underworld ; so , again , where does that quote come from ?
0.030073134
yes thats probably the best way to vie the development of that article however i cant go into that much detail myself because i certainly dont have the time to do that much research that quote from iliad is rather odd homer seems to be refering to hesiods earlier theogony but the details are different the perseus digital library whose pages take some time to load so for anybody reading this be patient translates homers quote just as you say line 14 onwards and has this to say for theogony line 720 onwards im no classicist but id be weary of that bit of text it is certinly odd and probably should not be taken at face value so naïvely as you say everywhere else as far as i know he refers to the underworld as the domain of hades as for erebus the quotes from iliad under the heading 3 from homer iliad at face value seem to indicate that it is a place but this is merely a misunderstanding of what erebus is erebus is the gloom the darkness of the underworld the place of dark mists as you put it replace erebus with darkness of the underworld or the like and the quotes make just as much sense as the assumption that erebus is a physical location however i dont know of any source that explicitly states that it is a location in the underworld so again where does that quote come from 
0.028411679
view

= = orphaned fair use image ( image : arsenal_logo . jpg ) = = thanks for uploading image : arsenal_logo . jpg . the image description page currently specifies that the image is non-free and may only be used on wikipedia under a claim of fair use . however , the image is currently orphaned , meaning that it is not used in any articles on wikipedia . if the image was previously in an article , please go to the article and see why it was removed . you may add it back if you think that that will be useful . however , please note that images for which a replacement could be created are not acceptable under fair use ( see our fair use policy ) . if you have uploaded other unlicensed media , please check whether they're used in any articles or not . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any fair use images not used in any articles will be deleted after seven days , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . thank you .
0.005723204
orphaned fair use image image arsenallogo jpg thanks for uploading image arsenallogo jpg the image description page currently specifies that the image is nonfree and may only be used on wikipedia under a claim of fair use however the image is currently orphaned meaning that it is not used in any articles on wikipedia if the image was previously in an article please go to the article and ee why it was removed you may add it back if you think that that will be useful however please note that images for which a replacement could be created are not acceptable under fair use ee our fair use policy if you have uploaded other unlicensed media please check whether theyre used in any articles or not you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any fair use images not used in any articles will be deleted after seven days as described on criteria for speedy deletion thank you 
0.0056998534
see

the inhabitants of istanbul call the city istanbul , armenians of istanbul call that city kostandnupolis or simply k . polis , russians call that city stambul , some muslim nations call it astambul but we all now that the name of the city is kostantinopolis as it was found by constantine and for 1000 years it was the capital of byzantine empire by the name kostantinopolis . leningrad was petrograd , peter , peterburg , saint petersburg but initially and finally it was and is sankt peterburg.so my dear dobbs , may be you read kartuli and now that georgians call their capital tbilisi it is tbilisi de fact and problably will always be . but 200 years ago that city was not called tbilisi . and even 80 years ago , the majority of the inhabitants of the city , who were not georgian but in fact armenian , kept calling the city tiflis . that city was very well known in the russian empire as the biggest industrial political and transportation center of transcaucasia under the name tiflis , the residence of vice royal of caucasus . you can open any map of russian empire and you will never see any single mention of the name tbilisi in any map published in that period . so nobody is arguing that at the moment the city is called tbilisi but you also should not have any guts to call the nationalistic past of tbilisi mistifying . the generation who used to live in the city named tiflis is still alive .
0.038800657
the inhabitants of istanbul call the city istanbul armenians of istanbul call that city kostandnupolis or simply k polis russians call that city stambul some muslim nations call it astambul but we all now that the name of the city is kostantinopolis as it was found by constantine and for 1000 years it was the capital of byzantine empire by the name kostantinopolis leningrad was petrograd peter peterburg saint petersburg but initially and finally it was and is sankt peterburgso my dear dobbs may be you read kartuli and now that georgians call their capital tbilisi it is tbilisi de fact and problably will always be but 200 years ago that city was not called tbilisi and even 80 years ago the majority of the inhabitants of the city who were not georgian but in fact armenian kept calling the city tiflis that city was very well known in the russian empire as the biggest industrial political and transportation center of transcaucasia under the name tiflis the residence of vice royal of caucasus you can open any map of russian empire and you will never see any single mention of the name tbilisi in any map published in that period so nobody is arguing that at the moment the city is called tbilisi but you also should not have any gus to call the nationalistic past of tbilisi mistifying the generation who used to live in the city named tiflis is still alive 
0.0313334
guts

= = western media ? = = yup , because every crime in the entire world is caused by the west . racists .
0.50849676
western media yup because every crime in the etire world is caused by the west racists 
0.47253183
entire

= = rollback tools have disappeared = = hello lupin . recently something strange has developed with the script for me . i have all the functionalities of the tool that normally would be there , but now i am missing all the rollback links . i am using ie 7 as a browser just i had in the past . is this a recent bug with the tool or is my browser bugging with the script ?
0.02618257
rollback tools have disappeared hello lupin recently something strange has developed with the script for me i have all the functionalities of the tool that normally would be there but now i am missing all the rollback links i am using ie 7 as a browser just i had in the past is this a recent bg with the tool or is my browser bugging with the script 
0.01763868
bug

= = up yours = = don't deleat my articles bitch .
0.9311474
up yours dont deleat my articles itch 
0.46731016
bitch

= = brandon hawk = = the article brandon hawk has been speedily deleted from wikipedia . this was done because the article seemed to be about a person , group of people , band , club , company , or web content , but it did not indicate how or why the subject is notable , that is , why an article about that subject should be included in wikipedia . under the criteria for speedy deletion , articles that do not assert notability may be deleted at any time . if you can indicate why the subject is really notable , you are free to re-create the article , making sure to cite any verifiable sources . please see the guidelines for what is generally accepted as notable , and for specific types of articles , you may want to check out our criteria for biographies , for web sites , for bands , or for companies . feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this .
0.010728486
brandon hawk the article brandon hawk has been speedily deleted from wikipedia this was done because the article seemed to be about a person group of people band club company or web content but it did not indicate how or why the subject is notable that is why an article about that subject should be included in wikipedia under the criteria for speedy deletion articles that do not assert notability may be deleted at any time if you can indicate why the subject is really notable you are free to recreate the article making sure to cite any verifiable sources please see the guidelines for what is generally accepted as notable and for specific types of articles you may want to check out our criteria for biographies for web sites for bands or for companies feel free to leve a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this 
0.009016768
leave

= = your edits to free republic = = armon , i'm sure you meant well , but your edits did things like remove the scalon article and cite , which was a printed article from a notable magazine , transcribed and posted several different places on the www by different people - all with the exact same wording . it was decided to use the fr version of the article for even more veracity . thus it is not a primary source , nor or . you replaced it however , with an article by and cite to tj walker , which has been argued over for the last two weeks , and was removed by consensus until the the author and publisher can affirm that he wrote it . as i said , i'm sure you meant well , but to make major edits without researching the history and extended discussion of this article and the issues was not helpful . please explain ( on free republic talk ) each removal of what you claimed was ' poorly sourced ' and ' or ' . thanks -
0.025397701
your edits to free republic armon im sure you meant well but your edits did things like remove the scalon article and cite which was a printed article from a notable magazine transcribed and posted several different places on the www by different people all with the exact same wording it was decided to use the fr version of the article for even more veracity thus it is not a primary source nor or you replaced it however with an article by and cite to tj walker which has been argued over for the last two weeks and was removed by consensus until the the author and publisher can affirm that he wrote it as i said im sure you meant well but to mak major edits without researching the history and extended discussion of this article and the issues was not helpful please explain on free republic talk each removal of what you claimed was poorly sourced and or thanks 
0.022766357
make

if i wanted an account i would have gotten one already ! leave me alone !
0.15249385
if i wanted an account i would have gotten one already leve me alone 
0.07790542
leave

david : what the heck ?! i didnt even listen to that thing
0.37900436
david what the hek i didnt even listen to that thing 
0.084152445
heck

i agree , as with my other comments , silverman in person , is different from the sarah we see portrayed , i have had the luck to actually engage in a conversation with the woman , and she is nothing but down to earth and very humble . there is a very very very clear line between her on stage charisma and her real life mentality . we have to take into account this woman is coming off this way because she see's the amazing amount of comedy in a completly no-qualms woman . she has balls ! and we as a public need to be able to discern her comedic partialities , and abstain from trying to paste them to her , because hse is able to tell us in such a serious manor . a women looking you dead in the face very serious saying , oh , i hate black people , and my boyfriend's penis is so small , i don't even care about getting him mad at me , and by the way i pooped my pants . thats hard to lauh at at first , because of her delivery , but that is part of her character and her appeal/genius .... i refrence it to mitch hedberg's some what , heroined-drawl , or steven wrights im about to shot myself in the face with a 44 . magnum , depressive moan lewis black's crazy fingers , adam sandlers baby sound's .... the list goes on .
0.45727214
i agree as with my other comments silverman in person is different from the sarah we see portrayed i have had the luck to actually engage in a conversation with the woman and she is nothing but down to earth and very humble there is a very very very clear line between her on stage charisma and her real life mentality we have to take into account this woman is coming off this way because she sees the amazing amount of comedy in a completly noqualms woman she has balls and we as a public need to be able to discern her comedic partialities and abstain from trying to paste them to her because hse is able to tell us in such a serious manor a women looking you dead in the face very serious saying oh i hate black people and my boyfriends penis is so smll i dont even care about getting him mad at me and by the way i pooped my pants thats hard to lauh at at first because of her delivery but that is part of her character and her appealgenius i refrence it to mitch hedbergs some what heroineddrawl or steven wrights im about to shot myself in the face with a 44 magnum depressive moan lewis blacks crazy fingers adam sandlers baby sounds the list goes on 
0.4484617
small

= = fanatic hindus writing articles and hindu admins cooperating = = hi jimmy , if i would make you read these articles and these lines - would you think these are from an encyclopedia or from a fanatic hate site . [ hindus have been historically persecuted during the islamic rule in the indian subcontinent and the portuguese rule in goa . in modern times , hindus in kashmir , pakistan , bangladesh , uganda and fiji have suffered persecution . persecution of hindus during islamic rule was conducted by massive ethnic cleansing , forced religious conversion , enslavement , desecration and demolition of hindu temples and ashrams , and mass-rapes of hindu women and sexual abuse of hindu children . christian persecution of hindus in goa , during the portuguese rule , included defamation of hinduism through forced conversions , burnings , lootings and other violent means . persecution also extend to the confiscation or destruction of private hindu property , or incitement to violence though propaganda . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_hindus ] with all the percieved problems of hindus thrust on muslim rulers . on these articles whenever a muslim editor makes changes a cabal of hindu fanatic editors and their protector admins deny the others make changes citing filmsy reasons .
0.10248573
fanatic hindus writing articles and hindu admins cooperating hi jimmy if i would make you read these articles and these lines would you think these are from an encyclopedia or from a fanatic hate site hindus have been historically persecuted during the islamic rule in the indian subcontinent and the portuguese rule in goa in modern times hindus in kashmir pakistan bangladesh uganda and fiji have suffered persecution persecution of hindus during islamic rule was conducted by massive ethnic cleansing forced religious conversion enslavement desecration and demolition of hindu temples and ashrams and massrapes of hindu women and sxual abuse of hindu children christian persecution of hindus in goa during the portuguese rule included defamation of hinduism through forced conversions burnings lootings and other violent means persecution also extend to the confiscation or destruction of private hindu property or incitement to violence though propaganda httpenwikipediaorgwikipersecutionofhindus with all the percieved problems of hindus thrust on muslim rulers on these articles whenever a muslim editor makes changes a cabal of hindu fanatic editors and their protector admins deny the others make changes citing filmsy reasons 
0.07639412
sexual

totally agree - this page needs more pictures and more local information ( see below ) . however , when i added my pictures , someone removed them and i've no idea why .
0.016888838
totally agree this page needs more pictures and more local information ee below however when i added my pictures someone removed them and ive no idea why 
0.016712036
see

= = hum = = what is wrong with my script ? it still will not work . d.h. • •()••(escape )
0.09232657
hum what is rong with my script it still will not work dh • •••escape 
0.052226063
wrong

, 2 february 2007 ( utc ) ::: yes , yes , and hitler and ronald wilson reagan and billions of other random word combinations produce 666 as well . we're all used to this postdictional silliness ; how many millions of people have been claimed by christians at one time or another to be the false prophet or antichrist ? it's just comical at this point . ( incidentally , 666 was never the number of the beast ; that was a scribal error . the correct number was 616 , and historians agree that it probably referred to the emperor nero . ) - 05:04
0.07408205
2 february 2007 utc yes yes and hitler and ronald wilson reagan and billions of other random word combinations produce 666 as well were all used to this postdictional sillinss how many millions of people have been claimed by christians at one time or another to be the false prophet or antichrist its just comical at this point incidentally 666 was never the number of the beast that was a scribal error the correct number was 616 and historians agree that it probably referred to the emperor nero 0504 
0.055070598
silliness

go fuck yourself you faggot -
0.98693407
go fck yourself you faggot 
0.97644776
fuck

me too . i do not find this individual on the list of green college fellows , nor anywhere else at oxford . the article does not meet wiki biographical standards , and in fact appears to be an advertisment .
0.009350236
me too i do not find this individual on the list of green college fellows nor anywhere else at oxford the article does not meet wiki biographical standards and in fact appears to e an advertisment 
0.008862333
be

= = why ? = = people want to know not only what luddites did , but why they did it and what they managed to achieve from it . this does not explain very clearly , if at all , why they did it and what they got form it . if anyone has answers please let us know . these facts are important for us in our essays we have to write . please , someone , help us out !
0.023846997
why people want to know not only what luddites did but why they did it and what they manage to achieve from it this does not explain very clearly if at all why they did it and what they got form it if anyone has answers please let us know these facts are important for us in our essays we have to write please someone help us out 
0.009530904
managed

thank you for your racist experimenting with the page katherine heigl on wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do . take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . now go fuck yourself you racist canuck asshole1 u have nothing better to do than censor the truth u goddamn kkkkanuck piece o trash/// dickhead moron motherfucker111lol you canucks r real retards1 fuk off dickweed ! edit another 1 of my eidts and you'll be expel from wiki by jimbo you sob dickhead11 so watch it mofo piece of garbage racist mofo asshole . im tryinbg to be nice here so take what i say as a compliment ! yamla
0.9484393
thank you for your racist experimenting with the page katherine heigl on wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia now go uck yourself you racist canuck asshole1 u have nothing better to do than censor the truth u goddamn kkkkanuck piece o trash dickhead moron motherfucker111lol you canucks r real retards1 fuk off dickweed edit another 1 of my eidts and youll be expel from wiki by jimbo you sob dickhead11 so watch it mofo piece of garbage racist mofo asshole im tryinbg to be nice here so take what i say as a compliment yamla 
0.8781094
fuck

i find your accusations of vandalism rudely appauling to all users . you have articles accepted which had altered dates that belong solely to the watchtower inserted into other chornologies creating disharmony . i attempt to separate the two so the reader understands why the conflict and you replace it back to what it was in conflict , some watchtower know it all conflicting with secular scholars and ussher . you find fault with me and not the info which needed correcting . i further corrected the claim that caesar's 29 ad was gregorian by ' changing it to julian , and you changed that back too . this is on record so that i can preent this publicly on how you do not build knowledge with wikipedia but rather you destroy it by these games where you use power to rule and kill . i regard you internal feelings to block what you cannot see with those who also kill when they cant win . you wont win . i took pension retirement just to push this to the point that john the baptist and jesus pushed it , and when i am thru the world will see that they could never get knowledge because you will kill if you dont win . i will win cain , as sure as i know how to be abel . you wanna piss me , watch me mass email a postage mail to dearabbey , and oprah , and contact 6 and cnn . i'll make issue of how you do this to people and yet call it free editing to share and express new things learned .
0.30562884
i find your accusations of vandalism rudely appauling to all users you have articles accepted which had altered dates that belong solely to the watchtower inserted into other chornologies creating disharmony i attempt to separate the two so the reader understands why the conflict and you replace it back to what it was in conflict some watchtower know it all conflicting with secular scholars and ussher you find fault with me and not the info which needed correcting i further corrected the claim that caesars 29 ad was gregorian by changing it to julian and you changed that back too this is on record so that i can preent this publicly on how you do not build knowledge with wikipedia but rather you destroy it by these games where you use power to rule and kill i regard you internal feelings to block what you cannot see with those who also ill when they cant win you wont win i took pension retirement just to push this to the point that john the baptist and jesus pushed it and when i am thru the world will see that they could never get knowledge because you will ill if you dont win i will win cain as sure as i know how to be abel you wanna piss me watch me mass email a postage mail to dearabbey and oprah and contact 6 and cnn ill make issue of how you do this to people and yet call it free editing to share and express new things learned 
0.27831677
kill

, 2 february 2007 ( utc ) :: response . darcy said that was not a typo but he cannot know that and is merely expressing his view . he then says neither of you is helping kitty with your comments and i wonder what that means . he accuses me of being related to robert murray arbuthnot or possible conflict of interest or possible canvassing on the afd . all false . i wish the first were true . prove it please ( within four weeks ) and i will donate gbp 10,000 to wikipedia . i have been spending the day travelling to crieff and frankly have more urgent fish to fry than get too involved in what i experience as ad hominem personal attacks by darcy . besides which they make me shake excessively . so i am going to take a pill and suggest darcy does the same . - 22:10
0.12895507
2 february 2007 utc response darcy said that was not a typo but he cannot know that and is merely expressing his view he then says neither of you is helping kitty with your comments and i wonder what that means he accuses me of being related to robert murray arbuthnot or possible conflict of interest or possible canvassing on the afd all false i wish the first were true prove it please within four weeks and i will donate gbp 10000 to wikipedia i have been spending the day travelling to crieff and frankly have more urgent fish to fry than get too involved in what i experience as ad hominem personal atacks by darcy besides which they make me shake excessively so i am going to take a pill and suggest darcy does the same 2210 
0.102775924
attacks

= = architectural influences = = i have read somewhere ( alas forgotten source ) that the oval office was influenced by a room in the now italian ambassadorial residence in lucan , ireland . does anybody know if this is true ?
0.02105103
architectural influences i ave read somewhere alas forgotten source that the oval office was influenced by a room in the now italian ambassadorial residence in lucan ireland does anybody know if this is true 
0.016554086
have

latin americans have to be some of the most ignorant people in the world . get a real education , and then we'll see if you numbskulls still support human vermin like che guevara . students of history know castro was a sham , guevara was an illiterate hate mongerer , and chavez is a greedy opportunist .
0.717186
latin americans have to be some of the most ignornt people in the world get a real education and then well see if you numbskulls still support human vermin like che guevara students of history know castro was a sham guevara was an illiterate hate mongerer and chavez is a greedy opportunist 
0.65692985
ignorant

perhaps you are worth less than a cockroach . ya think ???
0.66505116
perhaps you are worth less than a cocroach ya think 
0.3424445
cockroach

