: sorry , butting in , imho it's always worth it to create a redirect , especially since it helps people when they're searching for things . i've made the redirect .
0.04035237
sorry buttig in imho its always worth it to create a redirect especially since it helps people when theyre searching for things ive made the redirect 
0.0188462
butting

welcome ! hello and welcome to wikipedia . thank you for . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . the following links will help you begin editing on wikipedia : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * editing tutorial * picture tutorial * how to write a great article * naming conventions * manual of style please bear these points in mind while editing wikipedia : * please respect others ' copyrights ; do not copy and paste the contents from webpages directly . * please use a neutral point of view when editing articles ; this is possibly the most important wikipedia policy . * if you are testing , please use the sandbox to do so . * do not add unreasonable contents into any articles , such as : copyrighted text , advertisement messages , and text that is not related to an article's subject . adding such unreasonable information or otherwise editing articles maliciously is considered vandalism , and and result in your account being blocked . the wikipedia tutorial is a good place to start learning about wikipedia . if you have any questions , see the help pages , add a question to the village pump or ask me on my talk page . by the way , you can sign your name on talk and vote pages using three tildes , like this : ~~~ . four tildes (~~~~) produces your name and the current date . again , welcome ! —
0.022910021
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for i hope you like the place and decide to stay the following links will help you begin editing on wikipedia the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page editing tutorial picture tutorial how to write a great article naming conventions manual of style please bear these points in mind while editing wikipedia please respect others copyrights do not copy and paste the contents from webpages directly please use a neutral point of view when editing articles this is possibly the most important wikipedia policy if you are testing please use the sandbox to do so do not add unreasonable contents into any articles such as copyrighted text advertisement messages and text that is not related to an articles subject adding such unreasonable information or otherwise editing articles maliciously is considered vndalism and and result in your account being blocked the wikipedia tutorial is a good place to start learning about wikipedia if you have any questions see the help pages add a question to the village pump or ask me on my talk page by the way you can sign your name on talk and vote pages using three tildes like this four tildes produces your name and the current date again welcome — 
0.011489646
vandalism

= = reverts = = wikipediatrix , stollery and antaeus feldspar , why do you keep reverting my valid changes without really saying why ? = = wikipedia : mediation cabal/cases/2006-04-11 scientology = = mediation has failed . mediator does not respond . the scientology critics keep reverting my edits without discussion . is it time for an rfc ?
0.07295911
reverts wikipediatrix stollery and antaeus feldspar why do you keep reverting my valid changes without really saying why wikipedia mediation cabalcases20060411 scientology mediation hs failed mediator does not respond the scientology critics keep reverting my edits without discussion is it time for an rfc 
0.05933427
has

my grandfather once told me he stopped here and used the toilet .
0.23866104
my grandfather once told me he stopped here and used the toiet 
0.055442117
toilet

the intro to this article seems pretty subjective , a npov would improve it's quality .
0.02647088
the into to this article seems pretty subjective a npov would improve its quality 
0.025311
intro

= = icon copyrights = = i thought i should let you know that i've begun a discussion at wikipedia talk : copyrights about how we might correctly use scans of newer icons on wikipedia . a couple of examples you uploaded were right in front of me so i used them to illustrate the problem as i see it , but i'm sure there are others . the purpose isn't to go after anyone personally , but i think the copyright issue isn't at all clear in this case and some discussion would be beneficial . see wikipedia talk : copyrights #orthodox icons . ''''
0.016179463
icon copyrights i thought i should let you know that ive begun a discussion at wikipedia talk copyrights about how we might correctly use scans of newer icons on wikipedia a couple of examples you uploaded were right in front of me so i used them to illustrate the problem as i see it but im sure there are others the purpose isnt to g after anyone personally but i think the copyright issue isnt at all clear in this case and some discussion would be beneficial see wikipedia talk copyrights orthodox icons 
0.015494704
go

: i hope to get my proposal to remove all these unsourced/original research cmyk colors from all info boxes onto the wikiproject page in the next few days . i think it is an inescapable result of wikipedia's policies , but there will doubtless be some active discussion . i would like to ask you : do you make use of the cmyk colors in these boxes ? if so , how ? i think they are actually useless , being so far removed from any real world cmyk mix , but i would like to hear the other side .
0.06312596
i hope to get my proposal to remove all these unsourcedoriginal research cmyk colors from all info boxes onto the wikiproject page in the next few days i think it is an inescapable result of wikipedias policies but there will doubtless be some active discussion i would like to ask you do you make use of the cmyk colors in these boxes if so how i think they are actually useles being so far removed from any real world cmyk mix but i would like to hear the other side 
0.026496107
useless

= = opening paragraph = = i restructured the opening paragraph without making major content changes for oine major reason : 1 ) the most recent version stated the heidegger's name and birth and went right to influences . covention suggests that when one is coming to an encyclopedia , one wants to know first who this person is rather than who they influenced . a brief description of who and and what heidgger did should come before anything else , so i changed it . no other substantial change .
0.02974312
opening paragraph i restructured the opening paragraph without making major content changes for oine major reason 1 the most recent version stated the heideggers name and birth and went right to influences covention suggests that when one i s coming to an encyclopedia one wants to know first who this person s rather than who they influenced a brief description of who and and what heidgger did should come before anything else so i changed it no other substantial change 
0.020136135
is

i removed the part about your source being yourself . word from the wise ... don't post your age , and then tell everyone your science teacher taught you this . maybe they did , but that makes this seem less .... important . thank you for posting this though .
0.062388767
i removed the part about your source being yourself word from the wise dont post your age and then tell everyone your science teacher taught you this maybe they did but that makes this seem les important thank you for posting this though 
0.04737359
less

wikibofh fuck u u fuckin suck argument is fine u nerd now unblock me (( unblock cause i said so look up ))
0.9858014
wikibofh fuck u u fucki suck argument is fine u nerd now unblock me unblock cause i said so look up 
0.9689604
fuckin

= = whats your problem ??? = = will you please stop harassing me ? you are constantly attacking me and this is becoming extremely annoying !
0.7704004
whats your problem will you please stop harassing me you are constantly attacking me and this is becoming extremely annoyig 
0.62926584
annoying

= = cj pics/ fair use = = is it possible that some of the graphics appearing in the courier journal ( like the ones for museum plaza , river park place , or parks expansion could be used on wikipedia by claiming fair use ? also , i don't see an article yet about the greater highlands nightclub and eclectic area , so i may try to create one today . i was also wondering about dividing up the cityscape article by defining the city by 4 regions : south , east , west , and inner east side ( the area from old louisville , germantown , the highlands , and crescent hill which is predominatly young profs . ) while the highlands and clifton/ cres . hill are on the east end and old lou . is on the s . side , i feel that they are culturally and physically different from other parts of town and associate more with each other . any suggustions ? brando03
0.0088877175
cj pics fair use is it possible that some of the graphics appearing in the courier journal like the ones for museum plaza river park place or parks expansion could be used on wikipedia by claiming fair use also i dont see an article yet about the greater highlands nightclub and eclectic area so i may try to create one today i was also wondering about dividing up the cityscape article by defining the city by 4 regions south east west and inner east side the area from old louisville germantown the highlands and crescent hill which is predominatly young rofs while the highlands and clifton cres hill are on the east end and old lou is on the s side i feel that they are culturally and physically different from other parts of town and associate more with each other any suggustions brando03 
0.0059117777
profs

: no , mcconn , we can't agree to eliminate all the individual summaries and just summarize the whole criticism page . if we go in that direction , i will insist on putting back some of the most important articles which other editors have moved to the criticism page back to the main page , as they had been ( eg : ethics or falun gong and sexual orientation ) . there is enough room on the main page to have short summaries of the sub-articles and it was based on that assumption that i and other editors alllowed articles to be moved to the critisicm page in the first place . if there cannot be agreement on the basics of a structure which will provide for balance , i will go ahead on my own and request mediation . but first , i would like to hear from some of the other editors , especially fire star , olaf and covenant , on this issue .
0.031465862
no mcconn we cant agree to eliminate all the individual summaries and just summarize the whole criticism page if we go in that direction i will insist on putting back some of the most important articles which other editors have moved to the criticism page back to the main page as they had been eg ethics or falun gong and sexua orientation there is enough room on the main page to have short summaries of the subarticles and it was based on that assumption that i and other editors alllowed articles to be moved to the critisicm page in the first place if there cannot be agreement on the basics of a structure which will provide for balance i will go ahead on my own and request mediation but first i would like to hear from some of the other editors especially fire star olaf and covenant on this issue 
0.023991378
sexual

to avoid confusion and misunderstandings
0.021317124
to void confusion and misunderstandings 
0.016599178
avoid

i agree but do you also warn the others that i am interacting with for the same reasons or are you just attacking me ?
0.110616446
i agree but do you also warn the others that i am interacting with for the same reasons or are you just attackng me 
0.053332195
attacking

