shane , how long do you wish to keep my user page locked ? its been several days now . is that also policy ?
0.040270377
shane how long do you wish to keep my user page locke its been several days now is that also policy 
0.029350761
locked

thanks for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks . — 13:30 , 28 july ' 06
0.008097601
thanks for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to earn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks — 1330 28 july 06 
0.005765216
learn

hmm , i had never heard of him so perhaps not , best was ina different fame league but this death sounds greatly more tragic , because of his youth and because he didnt die from stupid self-abuse ,
0.7192929
hmm i had never heard of him so perhaps not best was ina different fame league but this death sounds greatly more tragic because of his youth and because he didnt die from stuid selfabuse 
0.38417447
stupid

in my experience , those who most strenously label other editors are members of particular groups or political affiliations often not only completely miss the mark ( as is the case here , at least for me ) but only succeed in identifying themselves as members of the group or political affiliation most opposed to the group to which they accuse others of belonging . in other words , those who are apt to point fingers at others and label them as conservatives are likely not only wrong but also liberals . which is all very nice and all but has nothing to do with this encyclopedia article . drop the pathetic ad hominem attacks and baseless accusations and assumptions and get back to work on the article .
0.1364433
in my experience those who most strenously label other editors are members of particular groups or political affiliations often not only completely miss the mark as is the case here at least for me but only succeed in identifying themselves as members of the group or political affiliation most opposed to the group to which they accuse others of belonging in other words those who are apt to point fingers at others and label them as conservatives are likely not only wrong but also liberals which is all very nice and all but has nothing to do with this encyclopedia article drop the pahetic ad hominem attacks and baseless accusations and assumptions and get back to work on the article 
0.032146245
pathetic

= = protecting user talk pages = = in addition to your ban being inappropriate ( the removed content was vandalism that was intended to make fun of paul reubens being gay ... not to mention another admin had already handled it ) you protected a user talk page when the user was banned which defeats the purpose of allowing banned users to edit their talk pages and should be undone immediately . this ip ( but not that one ) should be blocked in the meantime as it is a tor account .
0.1360761
protecting user talk pages in addition to your ban being inappropriate the removed content was vandalism that was intended to make fun of paul reubens being gy not to mention another admin had already handled it you protected a user talk page when the user was banned which defeats the purpose of allowing banned users to edit their talk pages and should be undone immediately this ip but not that one should be blocked in the meantime as it is a tor account 
0.09148431
gay

= = confusion = = hello . you have made a series of unusual edits to articles such as alexa vega and sun tanning . i can't figure out your intent . you seem to be attempting to revert these articles to previous versions but you don't explain why , and your edit summaries are misleading ( claiming you're reverting back to a particular version , but instead reverting back to a different version ) . if you are doing this intentionally , stop ; you will likely be blocked if you persist . if you are doing this inadvertantly , i invite you to please learn more about how wikipedia works , perhaps starting at wikipedia : introduction . thank you .
0.061527774
confusion hello you have mae a series of unusual edits to articles such as alexa vega and sun tanning i cant figure out your intent you seem to be attempting to revert these articles to previous versions but you dont explain why and your edit summaries are misleading claiming youre reverting back to a particular version but instead reverting back to a different version if you are doing this intentionally stop you will likely be blocked if you persist if you are doing this inadvertantly i invite you to please learn more about how wikipedia works perhaps starting at wikipedia introduction thank you 
0.05476848
made

: you know what ? fuck you . i didn't vandalize your talk page , i fucking talked on it . what are you on ?
0.95854217
you know what fuc you i didnt vandalize your talk page i fucking talked on it what are you on 
0.94639385
fuck

: the concerns of seem to be getting addressd on the talk page . is there objection to removing the dispute tag now ?
0.027762733
the concerns of seem to be getting addressd on the talk page s there objection to removing the dispute tag now 
0.027348734
is

nay , i change my user account . i know that many admins are playing me for a sucker now . that's sport .
0.5718709
nay i change my user account i know that many admins are playing me for a suker now thats sport 
0.07522686
sucker

i am not entirely comfortable with irving having been imprisoned for his beliefs and indeed found the poem revealing myself . i certainly understand what you are saying about beliefs having been different when he grew up and i tend to have quite right wing beliefs myself in terms of personal responsibility etc . i guess denigrating rastas is distasteful to me , and my partner is black which isnt an issue here but i feel would be were i to take her to britain as rascist attitudes are held by many more people than here and irving's poem seemed to symbolize all that i dislike about white uk rascists . honduras is great , just bought a house here on thursday so after nearly 3 years outside the uk i am really committing myself to being here , and given the close connections i have with family and the uk media ( news , radio etc ) i dont want to go back . dont think i could have been happy here in the pre-broadband age , though .
0.11655154
i am not entirely comfortable with irving having been imprisoned for his beliefs and indeed found the poem revealing myself i certainly understand what you are saying about beliefs having been different when he grew up and i tend to have quite right wing beliefs myself in terms of personal responsibility etc i guess denigrating rastas is distateful to me and my partner is black which isnt an issue here but i feel would be were i to take her to britain as rascist attitudes are held by many more people than here and irvings poem seemed to symbolize all that i dislike about white uk rascists honduras is great just bought a house here on thursday so after nearly 3 years outside the uk i am really committing myself to being here and given the close connections i have with family and the uk media news radio etc i dont want to go back dont think i could have been happy here in the prebroadband age though 
0.07267527
distasteful

probably that you are a german ... fucking germans , nothing changes
0.9506875
probably that you are a german fuckng germans nothing changes 
0.4258736
fucking

: wouldn't there have to have been a first warning , for this to be my last ? i can see there is no iq test for becoming an admin !
0.18856783
wouldnt there have to have been a first warning for this to be my last i can see there is no q test for becoming an admin 
0.057434328
iq

:::::::: wp : npa , do i have to put you up on request for intervention ?
0.026397534
wp npa do i have to pt you up on request for intervention 
0.018391784
put

= = euploidy = = i'm pretty sure this section is wrong , according to my uni lecture notes and biology dictionary . i would just like someone else with a little more knowledge to write this correctly . as far as i can determine , euploidy is having integral multiples of the haploid number of chromosomes , i.e. haploid , diploid , triploid , tetraploid , etc . this seems to suggest to me that the euploid number ( if there is such a thing ) would be equal to the haploid number ...? but i don't really want to put this in unless i am sure . -
0.109685406
euploidy im pretty sure this section is wrong according to my uni lectre notes and biology dictionary i would just like someone else with a little more knowledge to write this correctly as far as i can determine euploidy is having integral multiples of the haploid number of chromosomes ie haploid diploid triploid tetraploid etc this seems to suggest to me that the euploid number if there is such a thing would be equal to the haploid number but i dont really want to put this in unless i am sure 
0.07789903
lecture

= = richard pombo = = thanks for catching the massive deletions by 75.25.46.157 to the article ( his/her only edits to date ) . i do wonder if they were actually done by , who has a history of such deletions ( i've warned him twice before ) , and whose edit appears two minutes after the anonymous ip's last edit . i've posted a notice on his/her talk/discussion page ; i hope that helps .
0.03276322
richard pombo thanks for catching the massive deletions by 752546157 to the article hisher only edits to date i o wonder if they were actually done by who has a history of such deletions ive warned him twice before and whose edit appears two minutes after the anonymous ips last edit ive posted a notice on hisher talkdiscussion page i hope that helps 
0.027686335
do

= = rfa on = = hello mr. wales , i had a concern about a case that was recently not accepted by the arbitration committee . i dont know why , but they were not given enough time to hear the case , and the case never had a 4 vote accept or reject following the policy . this user is a user that has a long history of personally attacking people , and has been warned in excess of over 1 dozen times . he has humiliated other editors in front of hundreds of other people on over 150 different pages and has personally attacked over 200 users since he created an account . recently , an rfa was filed against him , and the proof was in excess of 33 items long , but was quickly deleted without giving people time to vote . i need this user to be aprehended , and face the consequences of his actions . i would appreciate it if you would read about this case here [] which is his arbitration page that i resotred so you can view it . you will see how much action is really needed in this case . i will be checking on your talk page for a response periodically . thank you 01:08 31 july 2006 ( utc )
0.052922722
rfa on hello mr wales i had a concern about a case that was recently not accepted by the arbitration committee i dont know why but they were not given enough time to hear the case and the case never had a 4 vote accept or reject following the policy this user is a user that has a long history of personally attacking people and has been warned in excess of over 1 dozen times he has humiliatd other editors in front of hundreds of other people on over 150 different pages and has personally attacked over 200 users since he created an account recently an rfa was filed against him and the proof was in excess of 33 items long but was quickly deleted without giving people time to vote i need this user to be aprehended and face the consequences of his actions i would appreciate it if you would read about this case here which is his arbitration page that i resotred so you can view it you will see how much action is really needed in this case i will be checking on your talk page for a response periodically thank you 0108 31 july 2006 utc 
0.025631439
humiliated

= = airport = = folks are not often not aware of the airport ( land and water ) that courtenay has . i have put a photo on wikimedia commons taken on final approach that could be used . courtenay final 31
0.018316472
airport folks ae not often not aware of the airport land and water that courtenay has i have put a photo on wikimedia commons taken on final approach that could be used courtenay final 31 
0.010198888
are

= = my edits = = i have reverted your edits in the vishnu article . they were strongly pov , and not referenced properly . some of your other edits also seem problematic to me . please consider the following : if you add something , try to write it as neutral as possible and back it up with sources . don't delete links and text only because yout think it is not supporting your personal pov . my comments consider the same yourselfs . i know where you are coming from
0.057876717
my edits i have reverted your edits in the vishnu article they were strongly pov and not referenced properly some of your other edits also seem problematic to me please consider the following if you add something try to rite it as neutral as possible and back it up with sources dont delete links and text only because yout think it is not supporting your personal pov my comments consider the same yourselfs i know where you are coming from 
0.049907435
write

