: i attempted some changes in punctuation and grammar . hopefully i didn't change the meaning of the translation . thanks for providing the reference .
0.009166378
i attempted some changes in puntuation and grammar hopefully i didnt change the meaning of the translation thanks for providing the reference 
0.007942249
punctuation

= = decreasing article length = = since it has been a great problem , i was thinking that instead of cutting out his early life ( this is a biography article and it should include all personal details ) , that we instead take all the information on who controls the release of his albums and the future releases and place them in the discography section . any thoughts ?
0.0155089535
decreasing article length since it has been a great problem i was thinking that instead of cutting out his early ife this is a biography article and it should include all personal details that we instead take all the information on who controls the release of his albums and the future releases and place them in the discography section any thoughts 
0.010694828
life

:: i'm going to remove your links and just add a ref to the paper i linked above . the unknotting problem is a very special case of the more general recognition problem which is also algorithmically decideable . also the link to the blog is just a bad idea . the blog post is a confused discussion of the erroneous mathworld snippet . i'd spend some time giving a better description of these issues and format the refs , but i'm planning on rewriting the whole article anyway ( got started earlier today ) .
0.05772025
im going to remove your links and just add a ref to the paper i linked above the unknotting problem is a very special case of the more general recognition problem which is also algorithmically decideable also the link to the blog is just a ba idea the blog post is a confused discussion of the erroneous mathworld snippet id spend some time giving a better description of these issues and format the refs but im planning on rewriting the whole article anyway got started earlier today 
0.038733017
bad

wouldn't it be more accurate to describe castro as current dictator or ruler of cuba ? president implys elected with consent of the people which castro clearly is not .
0.062460784
wouldnt it be more accurate to describe castro as current ditator or ruler of cuba president implys elected with consent of the people which castro clearly is not 
0.040384576
dictator

= = = hope you are feeling better = = = far more important than making a point is health . i hope you are on the mend and feeling better .
0.053159073
hope you are feeling better far more important than making a point i health i hope you are on the mend and feeling better 
0.043653533
is

= = page stretch = = the article has run out of room . it neds a page stretch .
0.044378147
page stretch the article has run out of room it ned a page stretch 
0.028559184
neds

i'm afraid there is considerable evidence of a lack of good faith displayed on this page . your argument here is patently silly , and i will not engage it . previous contributors on this page have been overly willing to compromise basic principles of logic and history ; and you have clearly abused their good nature . i suggest you bring your crusade elsewhere .
0.25930256
im afraid there is considerable evidence of a lack of good faith displayed on this page your argument here is patently illy and i will not engage it previous contributors on this page have been overly willing to compromise basic principles of logic and history and you have clearly abused their good nature i suggest you bring your crusade elsewhere 
0.16737914
silly

= = a complete restart not necessary = = this article is on the right track , it it were just reorganized . in general , other articles start with a background of the history of the term . in this case , when did the designation of mia begin . the idea was used as long ago as the american civil war , and surely the concept was known in the napoleonic wars as many prisoners were taken . however , it is also likely that the designation of mia was a product of the expected survival or capture of opposition . in pre-napoleonic times most wounded soldiers died , and many would be killed rather than taken prisoner . i am not enough of an expert on this to say when the changes took place , but it surely has something to do with mia as a designation . i think that the kerry issue is not germane at all to the overall topic , although may be worthy of exploration . mentioning viet-nam and korea are not us centric , either , as korea was a un sponsored war , and many countries sent soldiers . while less widely supported , british , australian , and korean soldiers were also present in south viet-nam , as were chinese , and soviet soldiers in the north . however , there were many wars that were fought by countries other than the us that bear mentioning , especially those fought by israel . 1lt 12oct2006
0.05557958
a complete restart not necessary this article is on the right track it it were just reorganized in general other articles start with a background of the history of the term in this case when did the designation of mia begin the idea was used as long ago as the american civil war and surely the concept was known in the napoleonic wars as many prisoners were taken however it is also likely that the designation of mia was a product of the expected survival or capture of opposition in prenapoleonic times most wounded soldiers died and many would be klled rather than taken prisoner i am not enough of an expert on this to say when the changes took place but it surely has something to do with mia as a designation i think that the kerry issue is not germane at all to the overall topic although may be worthy of exploration mentioning vietnam and korea are not us centric either as korea was a un sponsored war and many countries sent soldiers while less widely supported british australian and korean soldiers were also present in south vietnam as were chinese and soviet soldiers in the north however there were many wars that were fought by countries other than the us that bear mentioning especially those fought by israel 1lt 12oct2006 
0.02631145
killed

= = not wasting my time with wikipedia anymore = = wikipedia doesn't pay me enough to share my wealth of knowledge here . if i , a veterinarian in practice over 20 years , get my writings about dogs arbitrarily erased in their entirely , by a person without any veterinary credentials at all , and then a second person defends this vandalism , warning me about getting banned here , then i know i am completely wasting my time here . i feel like this is more of a video game for computer hacks than a group of academics who care about knowledge . i really am disappointed with the two people who came online here . this is a sorry thing to happen . if i say 2 + 2 = 4 and somebody who think 2 + 2 = 5 wants me to show citations that it's 4 , i am gone .
0.18631883
not wasting my time with wikipedia anymore wikipedia doesnt pay me enough to share my wealth of knowledge here if i a veterinarian in practice over 20 years get my writings about dogs arbitrarily erased in their entirely by a person without any veterinary credentials at all and then a second person defends this vndalism warning me about getting banned here then i know i am completely wasting my time here i feel like this is more of a video game for computer hacks than a group of academics who care about knowledge i really am disappointed with the two people who came online here this is a sorry thing to happen if i say 2 2 4 and somebody who think 2 2 5 wants me to show citations that its 4 i am gone 
0.15894762
vandalism

leave michael keyo alone . his goat just died , i was just cheering him up . is ur school a farming school too ? where are mellon farms ? do you live in africa ?
0.3946171
leave michael keyo alone his goat just ied i was just cheering him up is ur school a farming school too where are mellon farms do you live in africa 
0.3680319
died

= = gerund leads to ambiguity = = prefect … acting as a liaison and facilitating the implementation of national development plans and governing programmes at local level . so , does the prefect govern programmes at a local level ? or does the prefect facilitate governing pogrammes at a local level ? - |
0.009540682
gerund leads to amiguity prefect … acting as a liaison and facilitating the implementation of national development plans and governing programmes at local level so does the prefect govern programmes at a local level or does the prefect facilitate governing pogrammes at a local level 
0.0023573013
ambiguity

= = speedball = = hi . i'm sorry for the reversion , but heavily detailed plot summaries are disallowed per wikipedia : wikiproject comics/editorial guidelines . to join discussion on related issues , you might like to contribute to wikipedia talk : what wikipedia is not #plot summaries part 3 and wikipedia talk : wikiproject comics #wikipedia is not ... plot summaries . happy wiki-ing !
0.064168625
speedball hi im sorry for the reversion but heavily detailed plot summaries are disallowe per wikipedia wikiproject comicseditorial guidelines to join discussion on related issues you might like to contribute to wikipedia talk what wikipedia is not plot summaries part 3 and wikipedia talk wikiproject comics wikipedia is not plot summaries happy wikiing 
0.018727353
disallowed

= = recent change ... = = i just wanted to show , because i'm anonymous , that i recently made a change to this webpage . i unitalicized the text in the table under imperfect , under verbs ( 6.3 ) . it was very difficult to read when it was italicized and looks better this way . thanks .
0.01093313
recent change i just wanted to show because im anonymous that i recently mae a change to this webpage i unitalicized the text in the table under imperfect under verbs 63 it was very difficult to read when it was italicized and looks better this way thanks 
0.00981636
made

