: that's because it's made with love ! <3 ... and real chocolate chips ! ~ kylu (|
0.011949658
thats because its made with love 3 and ral chocolate chips kylu 
0.007767457
real

= = hi = = take a look at this and , thanks .
0.021783223
hi take a look at this and thank 
0.010671266
thanks

= = fuck off = = you should not have come back
0.97423875
fuk off you should not have come back 
0.9211527
fuck

= = poor joe = = but i thought joe vialls was dead . good job on the pan am flight 103 article by the way , joe .
0.15468353
poor joe but i thought joe vialls was dad good job on the pan am flight 103 article by the way joe 
0.048552282
dead

: yes , the standard industry term is pirate .
0.02336052
yes the standard industry term i pirate 
0.021718645
is

: thanks for the heads up . probably wouldn't have caught this myself , it's appreciated .
0.05115863
thanks for the heas up probably wouldnt have caught this myself its appreciated 
0.04687847
heads

:: look , blatant anti-romanian remark : anti-romanian remark
0.28846824
look latant antiromanian remark antiromanian remark 
0.13608815
blatant

= = feel better ! = = i hope you feel better soon . here is an entire ambulance to help you get well !
0.21872953
feel better i hope you feel better soon here is an entire ambulane to help you get well 
0.11974822
ambulance

* sort of a witness protection program - too much reality intruding into wikilife .
0.03357332
sort of a witness protection program too much reaity intruding into wikilife 
0.018088162
reality

gibnews the truth ? it is a lie which has been fabricated by yourself ... ( and by no one else it seems . ) the castilian crown did not exterminate the original inhabitants of any town of southern spain , including gibraltar . it was simply occupied . not even those muslim gibraltarians who decided to remain muslim were exterminated ( most simply quietly converted to christianity to avoid problems ) . besides the muslim community , who were to be called mudejares once under christian rule , there was a large ammount of christians-mozarabes- living in muslim spain in general and in gibraltar proper . you seem to be very ignorant of the history of your town and on the ethnocultural region to which it has always belonged ...
0.22654262
gibnews the truth it is a li which has been fabricated by yourself and by no one else it seems the castilian crown did not exterminate the original inhabitants of any town of southern spain including gibraltar it was simply occupied not even those muslim gibraltarians who decided to remain muslim were exterminated most simply quietly converted to christianity to avoid problems besides the muslim community who were to be called mudejares once under christian rule there was a large ammount of christiansmozarabes living in muslim spain in general and in gibraltar proper you seem to be very ignorant of the history of your town and on the ethnocultural region to which it has always belonged 
0.18559557
lie

* i've completed fleshing out the cites , attempting to keep descriptions of use to readers and also npov . didn't know whether to characterize these as ' minor ' edits or not , just thought i'd mention them here so they're subject to scrutiny by all so that if anyone sees anything other than npov we can discuss that here .
0.01400437
ive completed fleshing out the cites attempting to keep descriptions of use to readers and also npov didnt know whether to characterize these as minor edits or not just thought id mention them here so theyre subject to scrutiny by all so that if anyone ses anything other than npov we can discuss that here 
0.010179747
sees

45 , 5 june 2006 ( utc ) you need to explain why we belong together is a universal love anthem if you want to use that phrase . once the studio session was complete ,.... confident that the album was complete , sounds repetitious . also , the composers experienced a lengthy discussion is an odd phrasing . maybe it would be better to say carey and dupri discussed the melody at length , or words to that effect . i don't think that's quite the sense that the original phrase is trying to convey , though . : you might be right . i'm going to certainly correct the third and fourth examples , but i don't understand why the second example requires elaboration . — | 21 :
0.013650677
45 5 june 2006 utc you need to explain why we belong together is a universal love anthem if you want to use that phrase once the studio session was complete confident that the album was complete sounds repetitous also the composers experienced a lengthy discussion is an odd phrasing maybe it would be better to say carey and dupri discussed the melody at length or words to that effect i dont think thats quite the sense that the original phrase is trying to convey though you might be right im going to certainly correct the third and fourth examples but i dont understand why the second example requires elaboration — 21 
0.009930824
repetitious

= = hey = = the following is a message that i found on a certain isaac burgess von halberg's user talk , i just want you to see the bad things that others are saying about you : sir isaac lime is a motherfucking faggot who sucks his pet monkey's fucking dick . what the fuck kind of name is that anyway , i just think that anyone sitting at the computer 24-fucking-7 waiting for the next motherfucking article to pop up is a fucking motherfucker !!!!!!!! something tells me he was a little mad ...
0.9833204
hey the following is a message that i found on a certain isaac burgess von halbergs user talk i just want you to see the bad things that others are saying about you sir isaac lime is a motberfucking faggot who sucks his pet monkeys fucking dick what the fuck kind of name is that anyway i just think that anyone sitting at the computer 24fucking7 waiting for the next motherucking article to pop up is a fucking motherfucker something tells me he was a little mad 
0.9485295
motherfucking

= = knox college graduation = = hey kelly . i noticed that you uploaded some images from the knox college graduation . i assume you attended ? i went and snapped about 120 pictures from the back of the crowd . i uploaded them here if you're interested in thumbing through them . i didn't stick around until the end because the people i was with didn't want to stand around in the heat , but i really wish i had so i could have met jimmy and stephen . it's cool to know that other wikipedians were there , though . i hope you enjoyed yourself ! ( | | #)
0.038207255
knox college graduation hey kelly i noticed that you uploaded some images from the knox college graduation i assume you attended i went and snapped about 120 pictures from the back of the crowd i uploaded them here if youre interested in thumbing through them i didnt stik around until the end because the people i was with didnt want to stand around in the heat but i really wish i had so i could have met jimmy and stephen its cool to know that other wikipedians were there though i hope you enjoyed yourself 
0.031688463
stick

thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.012535514
thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed plase use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.0113577675
please

no , that's exactly what you are doing , taking us in another circle . i think the next step is to start adding material , sources and citing policy as it's being done to make sure there are no violations . i am well aware of my limits and boundaries as an editor and i hope others are as well . it looks like this will be a bumpy ride for any who take on the challenge of npov'ing this article .
0.04517383
no thats exactly what you are doing taking us in another circle i think the next ste is to start adding material sources and citing policy as its being done to make sure there are no violations i am well aware of my limits and boundaries as an editor and i hope others are as well it looks like this will be a bumpy ride for any who take on the challenge of npoving this article 
0.0320769
step

= = chile = = cielo estrellado please please do not support al andalus on this . the word mestizo is never used in the hispanic world to describe people who are predominantly european as is the case for most chileans . * firstly , as you may know , in latin america it is used for those who are predominantly amerindian in their ancestry . ( it would apply in mexico and central america ) . * secondly , there is no defined ethnic group in chile which can be defined as mestizo , there are just people with more or less indian bood , spanish origin being nearly always the larger part of the ancestry . there is no sense of common belonging shared exclusively by people with amerindian ancestry which excludes people who dont have this ancestry . this is a vital characteristic of an ethnic group . * the word mestizo is pejorative in our language and should be used as little as possible . ill give you an example . when the movie harry potter and the half-blood prince came out in the spanish speaking world , it was translated into harry potter and the prince , because of the negative connotations that the word mestizo implied . * finally , in our cultural community , latinness , spanishness ( or if you want to use racial terms whiteness ) is an expansive concept which does not exclude people placind then in a different ethnic group on the basis of their blood being tainted as happens in the anglo saxon world . although , i agree that that in certain countries where racial divisions have been stronger due to a much larger amerindian community , ( such as peru or guatemala ) leading to implications regarding identity and ethnicity .. anyways i hope you understand my position and we can establish some dialogue on this issue which transcends the narrow ( and in my opinion racist ) perspective of genetic studies . i also hope you are not a sock puppet of user : al andalus ! this would make things much harder :-)
0.1357374
chile cielo estrellado please please do not support al andalus on this the word mestizo is never used in the hispanic world to describe people who are predominantly european as is the case for most chileans firstly as you may know in latin america it is used for those who are predominantly amerindian in their ancestry it would apply in mexico and central america secondly there is no defined ethnic group in chile which can be defined as mestizo there are just people with more or less indian bood spanish origin being nearly always the larger part of the ancestry there is no sense of common belonging shared exclusively by people with amerindian ancestry which excludes people who dont have this ancestry this is a vital characteristic of an ethnic group the word mestizo is pejorative in our language and should be used as little as possible ill give you an example when the movie harry potter and the halfblood prince came out in the spanish speaking world it was translated into harry potter and the prince because of the negative connotations that the word mestizo implied finally in our cultural community latinness spanishness or if you want to use racial terms whiteness is an expansive concept which does not exclude people placind then in a different ethnic group on the basis of their blood being tainted as happens in the anglo saxon world although i agree that that in certain countries where racial divisions have been stronger due to a much larger amerindian community such as peru or guatemala leading to implications regarding identity and ethnicity anyways i hope you understand my position and we can establish some dialogue on this issue which transcends the narrow and in my opinion racst perspective of genetic studies i also hope you are not a sock puppet of user al andalus this would make things much harder 
0.077686116
racist

:: you are mistaken ( again ) . i am happy to engage in discussion , however it is getting me nowhere in light of your refusal to accept the stark facts , my edit summary is correct , ultimately truth is reflected in legal provisions and legally a reference to the islands of ireland and u.k. is provided for by the definition british & irish isles . you were the one who ended the discussion on the topic concerned , with an expression of boredom which suggested to me you had nothing to counter-debate the stark reality of the situation . i will possibly continue making the factual adjustments on your userpage but more infrequently . i don't understand why you won't revert to the legal description , you are letting personality clashes get in the way of facts , egos shouldn't compromise the truth . am i correct in stating it would not be too much work for you to revert to my version or are their difficulties in upholding the link ? be a man and swallow your pride in the interest of truth please stemonitis . thank you for your time and patience .
0.053042404
you are mistaken again i am happy to engage in discussion however it is getting me nowhere in light of your refusal to accept the stark facts my edit summary is correct ultimately truth is reflected in legal provisions and legally a reference to the islands of ireland and uk is provided for by the definition british irish isles you were the one who ended the discussion on the topic concerned with an expression of boredom which suggested to me you had nothing to counterdebate the stark reality of the situation i will possibly continue making the factual adjustments on your userpage but more infrequently i dont understand why you wont revert to the legal description you are letting personality clashes get in the way of facts egos shouldnt compromise the truth am i correct in stating it would not be too much work for you to revert to my version or are their difficulties in upholding the link be a man and sallow your pride in the interest of truth please stemonitis thank you for your time and patience 
0.041609153
swallow

:: i am patcheng and i beg to differ . looking at fenriswolf's profile , his account was created in 11/3/2002 5:39:52 pm , whereas i did not come across gamefaqs until early 2005 . iirc , this fascist claim derives from a bad flame-war on the war on terror board , where a china-related topic degenerated into a flame war between tjive and several pro-chinese users . when merits of china in wwii was bought up , someone said that said that many of them has grandfathers who fought the japanese , tjive claimed some along the lines china fought fascism , only to become a fascist country . i naturally take offence at this comment as soon as i have heard it . i don't know about the claims of fenriswolf , but i only have one computer , and do not the time or resources of 100's of ips to evade 3rr .
0.18880737
i am patcheng and i beg to differ looking at fenriswolfs profile his account was created in 1132002 53952 pm whereas i did not come across gamefaqs until early 2005 iirc this nascist claim derives from a bad flamewar on the war on terror board where a chinarelated topic degenerated into a flame war between tjive and several prochinese users when merits of china in wwii was bought up someone said that said that many of them has grandfathers who fought the japanese tjive claimed some along the lines china fought fascism only to become a fscist country i naturally take offence at this comment as soon as i have heard it i dont know about the claims of fenriswolf but i only have one computer and do not the time or resources of 100s of ips to evade 3rr 
0.09145946
fascist

: this needs clarification , ocd is classified as gad and its treatment is in most cases ssri used in combination or alone to cbt , on the other hand , when anxiety doesn't appear to have sign of obsessive or compulsive behavior anxiolytic agents are tried , but due to the dependence and the need to increase the dosage , cbt is favoured . but those are not the only treatment , in some cases , when in cases of severe social-phobia , uncontrolable depersonalization/derealization and the patient doesn't respond , atypical anti-psychotics at lower dosage might be tried . anxiety treatment depending on the severity or the type is a case by case matter , but when taken ' anxiety alone ' it is generally known that meanstream treatment includes anxiolytic agents and/or cbt .
0.059318688
this needs clarification ocd isl classified as gad and its treatment ib in most cases ssri used in combination or alone to cbt on the other hand when anxiety doesnt appear to have sign of obsessive or compulsive behavior anxiolytic agents are tried but due to the dependence and the need to increase the dosage cbt iis favoured but those are not the only treatment in some cases when in cases of severe socialphobia uncontrolable depersonalizationderealization and the patient doesnt respond atypical antipsychotics at lower dosage might be tried anxiety treatment depending on the severity or the type iy a case by case matter but when taken anxiety alone it i generally known that meanstream treatment includes anxiolytic agents andor cbt 
0.03143207
is

i edited ( before registering ) the apollo computer page . it's slightly less bad now but it's still bad as i didn't want to wholesale dump someone else's work . i had trouble with a just correcting the errors as i think the second section could use a different approach . it's full of unsupported assertions and opinion , and reading it i wonder how familiar the author really is with apollo . the source of this page is confusing - was it scraped from somewhere ? but someone put in a lot of citation needed . i'm reluctant to just wholesale rewrite it if the original author is about it fix it . it's not like my edits so far are anything great either - i just did something quick . and i need to check some facts w/ friends . so what's the polite/right thing to do here ?
0.056123987
i edited before registering the apollo computer page its slightly less bao now but its still ba as i didnt want to wholesale dump someone elses work i had trouble with a just correcting the errors as i think the second section could use a different approach its full of unsupported assertions and opinion and reading it i wonder how familiar the author really is with apollo the source of this page is confusing was it scraped from somewhere but someone put in a lot of citation needed im reluctant to just wholesale rewrite it if the original author is about it fix it its not like my edits so far are anything great either i just did something quick and i need to check some facts w friends so whats the politeright thing to do here 
0.04392807
bad

= = suggestion on signpost archieves = = hi , i'm trying to check a quote by jimbo i just paraphrased ( end of talk : list of fictional universes #where_does_this_end . 3f , and in parsing the archives wished you all thought to do this : use the template : succession to allow scanning archive to archive ( see bottom monarchy's , say hugh capet for example , or the_honor_of_the_queen #masadans to show how flexible this little template can be ! ) so when someone is running down something they saw , they can pop from version to version with next to no fuss . if you find merit in the idea , i'll be glad to lend a hand retrofiting the older stuff . just drop me a note . i need something to keep me off the streets when europe goes to sleep , the system runs fast , and i'm too burned out to cognate on proper sentence formation ! back to looking for that interview link ! best wishes //
0.024660187
suggestion on signpost archieves hi im trying to check a quote by jimbo i just paraphrased end of talk list of fictional universes wheredoesthisend 3f and in parsing the archives wished you all thought to do this use the template succession to allow scanning archive to archive see bottom monarchys say hugh capet for example or thehonorofthequeen masadans to show how flexible this little template can be so when someone is running down something they saw they can pop from version to version with next to no uss if you find merit in the idea ill be glad to lend a hand retrofiting the older stuff just drop me a note i need something to keep me off the streets when europe goes to sleep the system runs fast and im too burned out to cognate on proper sentence formation back to looking for that interview link best wishes 
0.014947079
fuss

thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.012535514
thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed pleae use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.010659826
please

= = yes , yes , yes = = blocking an aol user for daring to report vandalism by a registered user ? yeah , i'm not sure if irony is the word you're thinking of
0.19003884
yes yes yes blocking an aol user for daring to report vanalism by a registered user yeah im not sure if irony is the word youre thinking of 
0.12336725
vandalism

