you have been temporarily blocked from editing for disruption of wikipedia . you are welcome to come back after the block expires , if you will make useful contributions . 21:01 , 2005 jan 24 ( utc )
0.052899472
you have been temporarily blocked from editing for disruptin of wikipedia you are welcome to come back after the block expires if you will make useful contributions 2101 2005 jan 24 utc 
0.03748316
disruption

: who are you arguing against here ? why not simply fix whatever needs to be fixed in the article , and drop the offensive overgeneralized rant against some apparently imaginary enemies ? where does all this bile come from ...
0.20722428
who are you arguing against here why not simply fix whatever needs to e fixed in the article and drop the offensive overgeneralized rant against some apparently imaginary enemies where does all this bile come from 
0.18546115
be

:: ps . truth of quantum mechanics i mean truth in the minimal instrumentalist interpretation , not necessarily in any extension of this interpretation .
0.005847094
ps truth of quantum mechanics i mea truth in the minimal instrumentalist interpretation not necessarily in any extension of this interpretation 
0.004935184
mean

: rick in the crazy guy that started dating terri in season 3 and would go on to beat her up . terri didn't like this , but she is fat , so it's not like she has her pick of guys . eventually , rick pushes her and her head falls on a rock , knocking her into a coma . when rick returns to degrassi , everyone starts picking on him . spinner , jimmy and the candy bandits pick on him the worst . spinner and the cb rig on bucket of tar and feathers to fall on him when he is on stage , ala the movie carrie . rick snaps , brings a gun to school and shoots jimmy . soon after , rick dies in a fight with sean .
0.35510427
rick in the crazy guy that started dating terri in season 3 and would go on to beat her up terri didnt like this but she is fat so its not like she has her pick of guys eventually rick pushes her and her head falls on a rock knocking her into a coma when rick returns to degrassi everyone starts picking on him spinner jimmy and the candy bandits pick on him the wost spinner and the cb rig on bucket of tar and feathers to fall on him when he is on stage ala the movie carrie rick snaps brings a gun to school and shoots jimmy soon after rick dies in a fight with sean 
0.3177892
worst

note to admins - when this page is deleted , please move the basin here !
0.07633138
note to admins when this page s deleted please move the basin here 
0.07575335
is

wait a minute . i looked at your background and i see that you are french . i sorry . what's it like living in a former world power that is nothing but an impotent , second-rate country with an inferiority complex ??? wait don't tell me , from your comment i already know . it tees you off that no one and i mean no one pays any damn attention to you any more , so much so that you have to buy saddam's oil off of the black market and invade third world countries like the ivory coast and then lecture americans . but americans do care !!!! we just laugh at you . have frog day !!!
0.6042191
wait a minute i looked at your background and i see that you are french i sorry whats it like living in a former world power that is nothing but an mpotent secondrate country with an inferiority complex wait dont tell me from your comment i already know it tees you off that no one and i mean no one pays any damn attention to you any more so much so that you have to buy saddams oil off of the black market and invade third world countries like the ivory coast and then lecture americans but americans do care we just laugh at you have frog day 
0.49047428
impotent

= = edit block for hitler = = there was a revert war shaping up because of some new edits , so i gave it a little time-out and let the things be discussed on talk .
0.32403567
edit block for hitler there was a revert war shaping up because of some new edits so i gave it a little timeout and lt the things be discussed on talk 
0.20901777
let

feb 2005 ( utc ) ::::::::: i would like to know how you earned the title to decide who is a serious conservative and who isn't ? also , how is that relavant to whether something is npov or not ? i don't think your comment has anything to do with what is npov , but i am absolutely sure that your comment indicates that you are bias . it doesn't matter if byrd was a kleagle 60 years ago or 50 years ago or if was a kleagle in 2001 when he was talking about white n **** . the fact that he was a kleagle is the probably one of the most important aspects of his whole career . he even admits that himself when he tells other potential kleagles not to become kleagles because the whole kleagle thingeven if you are like byrd and think the kleagle thing is coolwill hurt you because guys like me ( the supposedly unserious conservative ) will remind him of his kleagle days every chance that i get . byrd was a kleagle and that is one of the most important aspects of his whole career . he even admits the fact that his kleagle-ness has held him back to bigger and better things . and don't argue that he didn't want bigger and better things than to be the head kleagle from west virginia . he did run for the presidency and the whole kleagle surely couldn't have helped . you like the guy , so you want to minimize the kleagle thing , but it would not be npov because that's who byrd is : the oldest , highest ranking kleagle still in politics . head kleagle . grand kleagle of the senate . el demo grande kleagle . 03:24 , 16
0.23669711
feb 2005 utc i would like to know how you earned the title to decide who is a serious conservative and who isnt also how is that relavant to whether something is npov or not i dont think your comment has anything to do with what is npov but i am absolutely sure that your comment indicates that you are bias it doesnt matter if byrd was a kleagle 60 years ago or 50 years ago or if was a kleagle in 2001 when he was talking about hite n the fact that he was a kleagle is the probably one of the most important aspects of his whole career he even admits that himself when he tells other potential kleagles not to become kleagles because the whole kleagle thingeven if you are like byrd and think the kleagle thing is coolwill hurt you because guys like me the supposedly unserious conservative will remind him of his kleagle days every chance that i get byrd was a kleagle and that is one of the most important aspects of his whole career he even admits the fact that his kleagleness has held him back to bigger and better things and dont argue that he didnt want bigger and better things than to be the head kleagle from west virginia he did run for the presidency and the whole kleagle surely couldnt have helped you like the guy so you want to minimize the kleagle thing but it would not be npov because thats who byrd is the oldest highest ranking kleagle still in politics head kleagle grand kleagle of the senate el demo grande kleagle 0324 16 
0.071312845
white

= = too many parentheses . = = it sounds to personal with all those parentheses . can someone please clean that up ?
0.023459932
too many parentheses it sound to personal with all those parentheses can someone please clean that up 
0.020387981
sounds

if you are so flabbergasted , why don't you look up a search on google yourself . you want a burden of proof , so get one for free !
0.4563683
if you are so flabbegasted why dont you look up a search on google yourself you want a burden of proof so get one for free 
0.26837748
flabbergasted

