i see hanover 4 times on the wiki article itself compared to only 2 times with the 2 ns . thatshows you that me and hargreavesfan are right and all of you are wrong .
0.14346977
i see hanover 4 times on the wiki article itself compared to only 2 times with the 2 ns thatshows you that me and hargreavesfan rae right and all of you ae wrong 
0.12933587
are

* it was agreed upon in the review that the incivil thing was the picture of stalin . that is why i removed the picture of stalin before i reposted it , i was doing my best to be civil while allowing people to see the box so they could vote on it . ''''''
0.040150873
it was agreed upon in the review that the incivil thing was the picture of stalin that is why i removed the picture of stalin before i reposted it i was doing my best to be civil while allwing people to see the box so they could vote on it 
0.039447498
allowing

= = what the hell ? bill oreilly site = = according to vandalism guidelines . rofl i am not vandalising anything . 1 . omitting insuinating or biased commentary is part of the editing features 2 . i am not inserting information that in any way is meant to destroy the integrity of the information 3 . authors siting left wing website media matters as a legitimate and postable source of information is not credible 4 . some of the information in the article is blatently false or unsubstantiated heresay that can not be proven 5 . i am newb ... and editing for very first time tonight ... and i will continue to edit some more until somebody points out an actual violation .... or some facist administrator decides sits in his self appointed post ...
0.31556863
what the hell bill oreilly site according to vandalism guidelines rofl i am not vandalising anything 1 omitting insuinating or biased commentary is part of the editing features 2 i am not inserting information that in any way is meant to destroy the integrity of the information 3 authors siting left wing website media matters as a legitimate and postable source of information is not credible 4 some of the information in the article is blatently false or unsubstantiated heresay that can not be proven 5 i am newb and editing for very first time tonight and i will continue to edit some more until somebody points out an actual violation or some facst administrator decides sits in his self appointed post 
0.18071212
facist

thank you for repling . i was not trying to evade my block . evading my block would be to use different acounts to do the same action i was blocked for . i only used different accounts so i could communicate with you as you were not responding to me here . what i posted was an alternate version i hoped people would agree on . i was not in violation of wp : civil , i was attempting to make a compromise that everyone could agree was acceptable . however , you blocked me without any discussion or warning . ''''''
0.051680073
thank you for repling i was not trying to evade my block evadig my block would be to use different acounts to do the same action i was blocked for i only used different accounts so i could communicate with you as you were not responding to me here what i posted was an alternate version i hoped people would agree on i was not in violation of wp civil i was attempting to make a compromise that everyone could agree was acceptable however you blocked me without any discussion or warning 
0.05109894
evading

#thanks for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks .
0.0129615255
thanks for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to lear more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks 
0.011603178
learn

= = unjustified protection of an article = = i would like to get an explanation as to why the article bulgarian vocabulary was blocked by you after repeatedly moved the content of the article bulgarian lexis to the new name , bulgarian vocabulary , without justification and without giving a plausible reason for that . let's look at the meanings of the two words in the first online dictionary i came upon ( it happened to be wordreference [ www.wordreference.com ]): * vocabulary : ( 1)a language user's knowledge of words . ( 2)the system of techniques or symbols serving as a means of expression ( as in arts or crafts ); he introduced a wide vocabulary of techniques . ( 3)a listing of the words used in some enterprise * lexis : ( 1)all of the words in a language . ( 2 ) all word forms having meaning or grammatical function : as the article refers to the whole body of words in the bulgarian language , i would like to ask you : which word refers better to the meaning of the article , vocabulary or lexis ? don't tell me - because the dictionary has already stated it explicitly , it is lexis !!! in view of the above , could i get an explanation as to why , you , in your capacity of administrator , have sided with an editor in order to institutionalise a wrongful edit ? i would like to ask you to remove the protection of the article or give me a very reasonable explanation as to why this protection has been effected in the first place and as to why , since it institutionalised a wrongful edit , which wreaks damage to the overall understanding of the article , continues to be in place . i don't think it is proper and adequate of an administrator to side with an user and i will contact other administrators so that measures compliant with wikipedia policies can be taken against the wrongful steps taken by you and .
0.08591092
unjustified protection of an article i would like to get an explanation as to why the article bulgarian vocabulary was blocked by you after repeatedly moved the content of the article bulgarian lexis to the new name bulgarian vocabulary without justification and without giving a plausible reason for that lets look at the meanings of the two words in the first online dictionary i came upon it happened to be wordreference wwwwordreferencecom vocabulary 1a language users knowledge of words 2the system of techniques or symbols serving as a means of expression as in arts or crafts he introduced a wide vocabulary of techniques 3a listing of the words used in some enterprise lexis 1all of the words in a language 2 all word forms having meaning or grammatical function as the article refers to the whole body of words in the bulgarian language i would like to ask you which word refers better to the meaning of the article vocabulary or lexis dont tell me because the dictionary has already stated it explicitly it is lexis in view of the above could i get an explanation as to why you in your capacity of administrator have sided with an editor in order to institutionalise a w r o n g f u l edit i would like to ask you to remove the protection of the article or give me a very reasonable explanation as to why this protection has been effected in the first place and as to why since it institutionalised a wrogful edit which wreaks damage to the overall understanding of the article continues to be in place i dont think it is proper and adequate of an administrator to side with an user and i will contact other administrators so that measures compliant with wikipedia policies can be taken against the wrongfu steps taken by you and 
0.050320696
wrongful

: because maybe ( like i said before ) he sells it at cost ? if you mean to say output prices influence ( labor ) input price , welcome to marginalism ! that has nothing to do with this though . the employer estimates how much he can sell it for . he bids for labor accordingly . he sells such that he doesn't profit . how does this affect the status of the labor ? when you say pre , what is it before ? before he goes into business ? before the beginning of time ?
0.030657744
because maybe like i said before he sells it at cost if you mean to say output prices influence labor input price welcome to marginalism that as nothing to do with this though the employer estimates how much he can sell it for he bids for labor accordingly he sells such that he doesnt profit how does this affect the status of the labor when you say pre what is it before before he goes into business before the beginning of time 
0.016263457
has

i think the david letterman argument is fine , however one must ask whether to highlight particular disputes at all is relevant as the entire document highlights nothing but contentious issues ... however i beileve bill oreilly likes to be in contentious issues . as to the specifics of why i erased it .... you provided no dispute quotations taken from bill oreilly . he had some zingers that nailed dave hard what was chosen was the weakest of his points vs the strongest of lettermans ... rewrite it . oreilly's comment about not calling people who blow up innocent women and children on his show as a devestating blow to letterman and a clear clever and concise statement .
0.11683866
i think the david letterman argument is fine however one must ask whether to highlight particular disputes at all is relevant as the entire document highlights nothing but contentious issues however i beileve bill oreilly likes to be in contentious issues as to the specifics of why i erased it you provided no dispute quotations taken from bill oreilly he had some zingers that nailed dave hard what was chosen was the wekest of his points vs the strongest of lettermans rewrite it oreillys comment about not calling people who blow up innocent women and children on his show as a devestating blow to letterman and a clear clever and concise statement 
0.056515504
weakest

why is there even an edit option anyway ? maybe if they took it off there wouldn't be as much vandalism .
0.14356782
why is there even an edit option anyway maybe if they took it off there wouldnt be as much andalism 
0.09672475
vandalism

= = clanwilliam cedar or clanwilliam cyprus = = the tree is generally known as the clanwilliam cedar , even though botanically it should be called a cyprus . which should be used on this page ? i believe that the common name should be used in the article , with a short explanation of the technically correct name .
0.019534156
clanwilliam cedar or clanwilliam cyprus the tree is generally known as the clanwilliam cedar even though botanically it should be called a cyprus which should be used on this age i believe that the common name should be used in the article with a short explanation of the technically correct name 
0.015640572
page

= = eat me = = go blow yourself
0.825466
eat me go bow yourself 
0.53689176
blow

this article is being considered for deletion in accordance with wikipedia's deletion policy . please share your thoughts on the matter at this article's entry on the articles for deletion page . you are welcome to edit this article , but please do not blank this article or remove this notice while the discussion is in progress . for more information , particularly on merging or moving the article during the discussion , read the guide to deletion . how to list a page for deletion ([ log ]) category : pages for deletion
0.010903397
this article is being considered for deletion in accordance with wikipedias deletion policy please share your thoughts on the matter at this articles entry on the articles for deletion page you are welcome to edit this article but please do not blank this article or remove this notice while the discussion is in progress for more information particularly on merging or moving the article during the discussion read the guide to deletion how to list a page for deletion og category pages for deletion 
0.008529906
log

= = in the future = = please consult wp:don't be a psycho before making anymore edits
0.37521917
in the future please consult wpdont be a psyco before making anymore edits 
0.0975842
psycho

january 2006 ( utc ) : please see reply above ! 22:26 , 10
0.0047681592
january 2006 utc pleae see reply above 2226 10 
0.0037484164
please

