* lets get this straight . #shyam can you point out exactly why you blocked me ? #i have not broken with the mediation here or been uncivil to , if anyone care to look are the discussion today they will see who broke wp : civil and wp : npa . we had agreed not to change volunter got member and vice versa while mediation was still ongoing . i did tell this on a number of occasions see here , here , here , and here . as you can imagine this was very frustrating . again i didnt not break with mediation it was as you can see here here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here and here - can anyone show me where i broke with the mediation or was i out of order ? # then insisted that all references to the irish war of independence should be done via the revert of anglo-irish war . i informed him here and here but his insisted ( without any discussion anywhere that irish war of independence was emotive , manipulative and pov even though it has been the name of that page for over a year . he went on to insert the redirect here , here and here #when was i in breach of wp : npa towards ? began a reverting my work without reason . i therefore decided enter into a discussion with him instead of a revert war . i carefully posed my questions and numbers them so that we could track the answers . for ewxample see here , here , here , here and here . after learning lesson over the past few week on wiki about how to deal with people i thought that this would be the most effetive way to come to a resolution . some of the racial and personal attacks i have recieved in response were are follows- * your spelling is atrocious . does this mean you were not educated by the irish christian brothers ?? * i knew you were educated by the icb anyway given your fenianism * p.s. i haven't read your last message yet ( the new messages sign just arrived in ( lol ) orange ) but if it's to whinge about my reference to your fenianism , forget it , bub . if you can call people idiots and west britons ( as per user : demiurge ) then you have lost the right to squeal about wp : civil . ( note the orange remark is a reference to orangism ) * you are inserting a republican slant to almost everything you touch * you do not tell me what to do * am getting sick and tired of your refusal to answer directly a question posed to you rather than using some nonsense like implying that your ''' opponent does not abide by the rules or is
0.3444926
lets get this straight shyam can you point out exactly why you blocked me i have not broken with the mediation here or been uncivil to if anyone care to look are the discussion today they will see who broke wp civil and wp npa we had agreed not to change volunter got member and vice versa while mediation was still ongoing i did tell this on a number of occasions see here here here and here as you can imagine this was very frustrating again i didnt not break with mediation it was as you can see here here here here here here here here here here and here can anyone show me where i broke with the mediation or was i out of order then insisted that all references to the irish war of independence should be done via the revert of angloirish war i informed him here and here but his insisted without any discussion anywhere that irish war of independence was emotive manipulative and pov even though it has been the name of that page for over a year he went on to insert the redirect here here and here when was i in breach of wp npa towards began a reverting my work without reason i therefore decided enter into a discussion with him instead of a revert war i carefully posed my questions and numbers them so that we could track the answers for ewxample see here here here here and here after learning lesson over the past few week on wiki about how to deal with people i thought that this would be the most effetive way to come to a resolution some of the racial and personal attacks i have recieved in response were are follows your spelling is atrocious does this mean you were not educated by the irish christian brothers i knew you were educated by the icb anyway given your fenianism ps i havent read your last message yet the new messages sign just arrived in lol orange but if its to whinge about my reference to your fenianism forget it bub if you can call people idots and west britons as per user demiurge then you have lost the right to squeal about wp civil note the orange remark is a reference to orangism you are inserting a republican slant to almost everything you touch you do not tell me what to do am getting sick and tired of your refusal to answer directly a question posed to you rather than using some nonsense like implying that your opponent does not abide by the rules or is 
0.1919486
idiots

= = image : greatestpt . i . jpg listed for deletion = = an image or media file that you uploaded or altered , image : greatestpt . i . jpg , has been listed at wikipedia : images and media for deletion . please look there to see why this is ( you may have to search for the title of the image to find its entry ) , if you are interested in it not being deleted . thank you . = = image : greatestpt . ii . jpg listed for deletion = = an image or media file that you uploaded or altered , image : greatestpt . ii . jpg , has been listed at wikipedia : images and media for deletion . please look there to see why this is ( you may have to search for the title of the image to find its entry ) , if you are interested in it not being deleted . thank you . i have nominated these images for deletion as their subject is not notable enough for an encyclopedia . thanks for contributing and i hope you understand my decision .
0.0098185055
image greatestpt i jpg listed for deletion an image or media file that you uploaded or altered image greatestpt i jpg has been listed at wikipedia images and media for deletion please look there to see why this is you may have to search for the title of the image to find its entry if you are interested in it not being deleated thank you image greatestpt ii jpg listed for deletion an image or media file that you uploaded or altered image greatestpt ii jpg has been listed at wikipedia images and media for deletion please look there to see why this is you may have to search for the title of the image to find its entry if you are interested in it not being deletd thank you i have nominated these images for deletion as their subject is not notable enough for an encyclopedia thanks for contributing and i hope you understand my decision 
0.008329084
deleted

= = in the news = = in culver city , calif ., art and food turn a nowhere into a somewhere by janelle brown ( print version ) ny times . ''''
0.014579817
in the news in culver city calif art and food turn a nowhere into a somewhere by janelle brown print version ny time 
0.01299372
times

::: this is what wiki civility requires : civility is a code for the conduct of editing and writing edit summaries , comments , and talk page discussions on all wikipedias . whereas incivility is roughly defined as personally targeted behavior that causes an atmosphere of greater conflict and stress , our code of civility states plainly that people must act with civility toward one another . yours truly ,
0.066882566
this is what wiki civility requires civility is a code for the conduct of editing and writing edit summaries comments and talk page discussions on all wikipedias whereas incivility is roughly defined as personally targeted behavior that causes an atmosphere of greater conflict and stress our code of civility states plainly that people must act with civility toward one anther yours truly 
0.05418348
another

= = = mel etitis = = = :::: it's the cartesian state of my mind - it's not about you , mel . and i know you know descartes , as well as his evil genius . why cannot you just apologize to me ? ::: instead mel is now , working with other to attack me personally . he deliberately is supporting a campaign to stigmatize me as someone who abbusively calls other antisemite . this is untrue . i have been extremely careful not to name any names . i think it is his friend , a cocksucker , or popsucker , or whatever the wiki term is , who is mel's agent behind all this . and i'm asking mel to stop it , and to apologize for it . what's that don't be a dick ? wiki expression you , or banno created ? and where is that soup of yours ?
0.56613165
mel etitis its the cartesian state of my mind its not about you mel and i know you know descartes as well as his evil genius why cannot you just apologize to me instead mel is now working with other to attack me personally he deliberately is supporting a campaign to stigmatize me as someone who abbusively calls other antisemite this is untrue i have been extremely careful not to name any names i think it is his friend a cocksucker or popsucker or whatever the wiki term is who is mels agent behind all this and im asking mel to stop it and to apologize for it whats that dont be a ick wiki expression you or banno created and where is that soup of yours 
0.49920994
dick

during this time , he was a member of a group inside democratic party of serbia which planned assasination of former serbian prime minister zoran Đinđić . for some of his statements during this period , people in serbia gave him nickname idiot . this is a lay . please change it ! this is political manipulation .
0.5864359
during this time he was a member of a group inside democratic party of serbia which planned assasination of former serbian prime minister zoran Đinđić for some of his statements during this period people in serbia gave him nickname idio this is a lay please change it this is political manipulation 
0.1393257
idiot

if you're interested in the administration position with respect to this , here's the excerpt from the doj white paper even if there were ambiguity about whether fisa , read together with the aumf , permits the president to authorize the nsa activities , the canon of constitutional avoidance requires reading these statutes in harmony to overcome any restrictions in fisa and title iii , at least as they might otherwise apply to the congressionally authorized armed conflict with al qaeda . indeed , were fisa and title iii interpreted to impede the president’s ability to use the traditional tool of electronic surveillance to detect and prevent future attacks by a declared enemy that has already struck at the homeland and is engaged in ongoing operations against the united states , the constitutionality of fisa , as applied to that situation , would be called into very serious doubt . in fact , if this difficult constitutional question had to be addressed , fisa would be unconstitutional as applied to this narrow context . importantly , the fisa court of review itself recognized just three years ago that the president retains constitutional authority to conduct foreign surveillance apart from the fisa framework , and the president is certainly entitled , at a minimum , to rely on that judicial interpretation of the constitution and fisa .
0.021775767
if youre interested in the administration position with respect to this heres the excerpt from the doj wite paper even if there were ambiguity about whether fisa read together with the aumf permits the president to authorize the nsa activities the canon of constitutional avoidance requires reading these statutes in harmony to overcome any restrictions in fisa and title iii at least as they might otherwise apply to the congressionally authorized armed conflict with al qaeda indeed were fisa and title iii interpreted to impede the president’s ability to use the traditional tool of electronic surveillance to detect and prevent future attacks by a declared enemy that has already struck at the homeland and is engaged in ongoing operations against the united states the constitutionality of fisa as applied to that situation would be called into very serious doubt in fact if this difficult constitutional question had to be addressed fisa would be unconstitutional as applied to this narrow context importantly the fisa court of review itself recognized just three years ago that the president retains constitutional authority to conduct foreign surveillance apart from the fisa framework and the president is certainly entitled at a minimum to rely on that judicial interpretation of the constitution and fisa 
0.015875125
white

:: your knowledge of us history appears to derive from neo-confederate propaganda . suggest you read a bit more widely , focusing on recent works by professional historians instead .
0.0734233
your knowledge of us history appears to derive from neoconfederate ropaganda suggest you read a bit more widely focusing on recent works by professional historians instead 
0.055607982
propaganda

= = unspecified source for image : fear_replica . jpg = = thanks for uploading image : fear_replica . jpg . i noticed that the file's description page currently doesn't specify who created the content , so the copyright status is unclear . if you did not create this file yourself , then you will need to specify the owner of the copyright . if you obtained it from a website , then a link to the website from which it was taken , together with a restatement of that website's terms of use of its content , is usually sufficient information . however , if the copyright holder is different from the website's publisher , then their copyright should also be acknowledged . as well as adding the source , please add a proper copyright licensing tag if the file doesn't have one already . if you created/took the picture , audio , or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl . if you believe the media meets the criteria at wikipedia : fair use , use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia : image copyright tags #fair use . see wikipedia : image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use . if you have uploaded other files , consider checking that you have specified their source and tagged them , too . you can find a list of files you have uploaded by following [ this link ] . unsourced and untagged images may be deleted one week after they have been tagged , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . if the image is copyrighted under a non-free license ( per wikipedia : fair use ) then the image will be deleted 48 hours after . if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page . thank you .
0.00691072
unspecified source for image fearreplica jpg thanks for uploading image fearreplica jpg i noticed that the files description page currently doesnt specify who created the content so the copyright status is unclear if you did not create this file yourself then you will need to specify the owner of the copyright if you obtained it from a website then a link to the website from which it was taken together with a restatement of that websites terms of use of its content is usually sufficient information however if the copyright holder is different from the websites publisher then their copyright should also be acknowledged as well as adding the source please add a proper copyright licensing tag if the file doesnt have one already if you createdtook the picture audio or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl if you believe the media meets the criteria at wikipedia fair use use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia image copyright tags fair use see wikipedia image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use if you have uploaded other files consider checking that you have specified their source and tagged them too you can find a list of files you have uploaded by following this link unsurced and untagged images may be deleted one week after they have been tagged as described on criteria for speedy deletion if the image is copyrighted under a nonfree license per wikipedia fair use then the image will be deleted 48 hours after if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page thank you 
0.0061744703
unsourced

= = werdna's rfa = = hi . i'm still slightly wet behind the ears on process . i assume that i inadvertently crossed a wp rule when i amended my ! vote , prompting you to amend my contribution . i don't like making mistakes and hate to do the same thing twice , so please let me know where i can find the related rule . thanks ,
0.08401509
werdnas rfa hi im still slightly wet behind the ears on process i assume that i inadvertently crossed a wp rule when i amended my vote prompting you to amend my contribution i dont like making mistakes and ate to do the same thing twice so please let me know where i can find the related rule thanks 
0.05045048
hate

= = myspace worm = = do we really need to mention the fsm myspace worm ? it seems awfully unrelated to the actual pastafarianism concept . -
0.49026313
myspace worq do we really need to mention the fsm myspace wom it seems awfully unrelated to the actual pastafarianism concept 
0.114411235
worm

you seem to eb paid by myspace and okcupid , that isnt spam ?? oh yeah , you decide what is spam , seems like your education level is below zero . you must live your life through this site , good luck ... may lfie be good to you . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/matrimonials_sites and that isnt spam either .... well retarded bastards as you ruin this site ... ill notift some medias about how you support spam from certain services as okcupid
0.7115282
you seem to eb paid by myspace and okcupid that isnt spam oh yeah you decide what is spam seems like your education level is below zero you must live your life through this site good luck may lfie be good to you httpenwikipediaorgwikimatrimonialssites and that isnt spam either well retarded astards as you ruin this site ill notift some medias about how you support spam from certain services as okcupid 
0.43481287
bastards

january 2007 ( utc ) : i don't know , why did this discussion come up ? for 00:30 , 31
0.021146895
january 2007 tc i dont know why did this discussion come up for 0030 31 
0.019205218
utc

= = drishtipat controversy = = can a third party moderator please resolve dispute on the drishtipat page regarding our intention to include an news article by the bangladeshi law minister regarding the neutrality of this organisation ( govt accuses it obliquely of being pro-awami league ) . in addition , an open letter by the organisations exec-director stating that he is pro_awami league . moderator ragib ( who we have had a run in with before ) disagrees with editing . please read history and discussion before coming to a decision . the allegations are fully referenced and one reference is from the organisation themselves , admitting that the law minister was criticising them . ragib disagrees with this interpretation .
0.024652515
drishtipat controversy can a third party moderator please resolve dispute on the drishtipat page regarding our intention to include an news article by the bangladeshi law minister regarding the neutrality of this organisation govt accuses it obliquely of being proawami league in addition an open letter by the organisations execdirector statin that he is proawami league moderator ragib who we have had a run in with before disagrees with editing please read history and discussion before coming to a decision the allegations are fully referenced and one reference is from the organisation themselves admitting that the law minister was criticising them ragib disagrees with this interpretation 
0.023649223
stating

go fuck yourself prick
0.98347384
go fuc yourself prick 
0.95755947
fuck

this page is dedicated to the gnome owl . measurements : the northern pygmy-owl has a body length of 7 - 8 inches , a wingspan of 15 - 16 inches , and weighs about 2 - 2 1/2 ounces . habitat : this owl can be found at forest edges near meadows , lakes , coastline , and forest clearings in deciduous and coniferous forests of western north and central america . diet : the main diet of the northern pygmy-owl is small birds and rodents , and large insects . occasionally , they will eat reptiles and amphibians . pygmy-owls are diurnal(active during the day ) and crepuscular ( active at dusk and dawn ) hunters . this owl will search for prey from a perch , pouncing upon it from a close distance when prey is found . reproduction : the northern pygmy-owl nests in tree cavities . the female usually lays 3 - 5 eggs . unlike most owls , which start incubating the eggs soon after the first eggs are laid , the pygmy-owl does not start incubation until all the eggs have been laid . in about 29 days all the chicks hatch within a short time of each other . the young owlets fledge at 30 days and are independent of parental care 20 - 30 days later . the young owls become sexually mature in less than a year . name derivation : the scientific name comes from the greek words glaux , indicating a little owl ; glaukidion , meaning to gleam or glare , and may refer to the eyes of the owl ; and gnoma , referring to knowledge , reasoning , or an opinion . the common name indicates the size of the bird and its northern range . this owl has also been called a gnome owl . interesting facts : unlike hawks , falcons , and eagles , owls do not have an expandable part of the esophagus , called a crop , to store extra food . therefore owls , like pygmy-owls , will cache the remainder of their food in a hiding place and eat it later . this is especially important for small , high-energy species that must eat frequently . since pygmy-owls are active during daylight , they rely on their sense of sight to hunt . consequently , this owl did not develop a good sense of hearing , silent flight , nor exceptional night vision , like nocturnal owls .
0.07269008
this page is dedicated to the gnome owl measurements the northern pygmyowl has a body length of 7 8 inches a wingspan of 15 16 inches and weighs about 2 2 12 ounces habitat this owl can be found at forest edges near meadows lakes coastline and forest clearings in deciduous and coniferous forests of western north and central america diet the main diet of the northern pygmyowl is small birds and rodents and large insects occasionally they will ea reptiles and amphibians pygmyowls are diurnalactive during the day and crepuscular active at dusk and dawn hunters this owl will search for prey from a perch pouncing upon it from a close distance when prey is found reproduction the northern pygmyowl nests in tree cavities the female usually lays 3 5 eggs unlike most owls which start incubating the eggs soon after the first eggs are laid the pygmyowl does not start incubation until all the eggs have been laid in about 29 days all the chicks hatch within a short time of each other the young owlets fledge at 30 days and are independent of parental care 20 30 days later the young owls become sexually mature in less than a year name derivation the scientific name comes from the greek words glaux indicating a little owl glaukidion meaning to gleam or glare and may refer to the eyes of the owl and gnoma referring to knowledge reasoning or an opinion the common name indicates the size of the bird and its northern range this owl has also been called a gnome owl interesting facts unlike hawks falcons and eagles owls do not have an expandable part of the esophagus called a crop to store extra food therefore owls like pygmyowls will cache the remainder of their food in a hiding place and eadt it later this is especially important for small highenergy species that must ea frequently since pygmyowls are active during daylight they rely on their sense of sight to hunt consequently this owl did not develop a good sense of hearing silent flight nor exceptional night vision like nocturnal owls 
0.070337825
eat

( utc ) well , i'm new to this , i have much to learn . do you think i should scrap the whole think then ? 10:40 , 31 january 2007
0.034887444
utc well im new to this i have much to learn do you think i should srap the whole think then 1040 31 january 2007 
0.027788028
scrap

= = nistrian moldovan republic = = is this proper english ? shouldn't ... nistreană translate to dniester ... ?
0.124669045
nistrian moldovan republic s this proper english shouldnt nistreană translate to dniester 
0.08259417
is

: i believe that the article did say this , or at least used to . i have not checked recently however and it might very well have been removed or hacked up since this article seems to offend so many . i do not think it is valuable for me to defend it since there are so many hindus here and only one of me and i would very quickly be overwhelmed . however , in the interests of mutual understanding , permit me to clarify a few things . creation or origin accounts are only important in one minor branch of christianity ( i cannot speak for islam ) . and there are in fact multiple books and multiple versions of the bible in christianity-not as many as hinduism perhaps , but in the hundreds for sure-all interpreted differently by different sects . this is how there come to be several tens of thousands of sects of christianity . and it is true that some branches of christianity will charge others with blasphemy for not agreeing with them , but again this is only true of a small segment . the difficulty rests in the rather visible and vocal minority causing trouble . i suspect similar things might be true of islam as well .
0.048730034
i believe that the article did say this or at least used to i have not checked recently however and it might very well have been removed or hacked up since this article seems to offend so many i do not think it is valuable for me to defend it since there are so many hindus here and only one of me and i would very quickly be overwhelmed however in the interests of mutual understanding permit me to clarify a few things creation or origin accounts are only important in one minor branch of christianity i cannot speak for islam and there are in fact multiple books and multiple versions of the bible in christianitynot as many as hinduism perhaps but in the hundreds for sureall interpreted differently by different sects this is how there come to be several tens of thousands of sects of christianity and it is true that some branches of christianity will charge others with blaphemy for not agreeing with them but again this is only true of a small segment the difficulty rests in the rather visible and vocal minority causing trouble i suspect similar things might be true of islam as well 
0.03942476
blasphemy

= = best of eurovision article = = the event took place in hamburg , germany . i know because i voted after clicking a link from the official website of the eurovision song contest ( http://www.eurovision.tv ) . ruslana was named the best of eurovision after receiving 71209 voted from the internet , the 12 points from the jury and also she was on the first place at the tv voting . ruslana didn't commented nothing about this . she didn't claimed that she was on the first place . so the article should remain as before . that event took place . also , on ruslana's forums exists a topic about this where ruslana's fans were announced to vote for her . also , ndr's official websited had the poll results in interaktive section .
0.02145354
best of eurovisixn article the event took place in hamburg germany i know because i voted after clicking a link from the official website of the euovision song contest httpwwweurovisiontv ruslana was named the best of erovision after receiving 71209 voted from the internet the 12 points from the jury and also she was on the first place at the tv voting ruslana didnt commented nothing about this she didnt claimed that she was on the first place so the article should remain as before that event took place also on ruslanas forums exists a topic about this where ruslanas fans were announced to vote for her also ndrs official websited had the poll results in interaktive section 
0.01875676
eurovision

