= = nazi punks not nazi skinheads ... = = to those of you who wish to contribute to this article , please refrain from entering in information pertaining to skinheads . the point of this article is to show the difference between nazi punks and nazi skinheads and to show that nazi punks exist within the punk subculture . these are two different subcultures and though people often mistakenly call racist skinheads nazi punks they aren't the same thing at all .
0.48747244
nazi pnunks not nazi skinheads to those of you who wish to contribute to this article please refrain from entering in information pertaining to skinheads the point of this article is to show the difference between nazi pnks and nazi skinheads and to show that nazi pumnks exist within the punk subculture these are two different subcultures and though people often mistakenly call racist skinheads nazi unks they arent the same thing at all 
0.3514461
punks

= = licensing = = pardon me , but mp3 is already public domain . it is a file format . you cannot patent a file format as far as i know . that would be like adobe saying they have a patent on pdf or microsoft saying they have a patent on wma or doc files . you simply cannot patent or copyright or in any other way protect your idea if it involves a format of storing data . just as you cannot patent things like ntfs or fat or hfs , you cannot patent mp3 .
0.071499534
licensing pardon me but mp3 is already public domain it is a file format you cannot patent a file format as far as i know that would be like adobe saying they have a patent on pdf or microsoft saying they have a patent on wma or doc files you simply cannot patent or copyright or in any other way protect your idea if it involves a format of storing data just as you cannot patent things like ntfs or fa or hfs you cannot patent mp3 
0.027693596
fat

you do not know that we have two different categories , 7th octave and whistle register ? you created them . see minnie ripperton for an artist with links to both cats .
0.053300038
you d not know that we have two different categories 7th octave and whistle register you created them see minnie ripperton for an artist with links to both cats 
0.038324125
do

the quote that you tried to preserve said that all americans have incest , the real quote does not . get over it . it's in the history . theres nothing to argue about . you are an idiot . you were wrong . you got burned !! now go fuck your mother . picture it ! your cousin
0.96296006
the quote that you tried to preserve said that all americans have incest the real quote does not get over it its in the history theres nothing to argue about you are an idiot you were wrong you got burned now go uck your mother picture it your cousin 
0.91905093
fuck

: by the way , now that i've read your entire blog entry , it's excellent and i totally agree with you . it's just not appropriate to link here . if it were , there would be a thousand such links in hrc's article . : a more appropriate way to do this might be to add a paragraph to the article , and link to your blog as the source , something like : :: hillary faces two major obstacles to getting elected in 2008 . the last northeasterner and the last senator elected president was john f kennedy in 1960 . prior to that , the last senator elected president was benjamin harrison in 1888 . : someone may still object to it , but it's much more subtle this way , and wikipedia loves text with sources much more than external links . : also , remember to sign your responses on this page using four tildes , as shown above .
0.029706314
by the way now that ive read your entire blog entry its excellent and i totally agree with you its just not appropriate to link here if it were there would be a thousand such links in hrcs article a more appropriate way to do this might be to add a paragraph to the article and link to your blog as the source something like hillary faces two major obstacles to getting elected in 2008 the last northeasterner and the last senator elected presudent was john f kennedy in 1960 prior to that the last senator elected resident was benjamin harrison in 1888 someone may still object to it but its much more subtle this way and wikipedia loves text with sources much more than external links also remember to sign your responses on this page using four tildes as shown above 
0.029686244
president

( talking to the fan )
0.018179055
taling to the fan 
0.016628891
talking

= = unspecified source for image : danecook . jpg = = thanks for uploading image : danecook . jpg . i notice the file's description page currently doesn't specify who created the content , so the copyright status is unclear . if you have not created this file yourself , then there needs to be a justification explaining why we have the right to use it on wikipedia ( see copyright tagging below ) . if you did not create the file yourself , then you need to specify where it was found , i.e. , in most cases link to the website where it was taken from , and the terms of use for content from that page . if the file also doesn't have a copyright tag , then one should be added . if you created/took the picture , audio , or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl . if you believe the media meets the criteria at wikipedia : fair use , use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia : image copyright tags #fair_use . see wikipedia : image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use . if you have uploaded other files , consider checking that you have specified their source and tagged them , too . you can find a list of files you have uploaded by following this link . unsourced and untagged images may be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page . thank you . '''''' •
0.010837351
unspecified source for image danecook jpg thanks for uploading image danecook jpg i notice the files description page currently doesnt specify who created the content so the copyright status is unclear if you have not created this file yourself then there needs to be a justifiction explaining why we have the right to use it on wikipedia see copyright tagging below if you did not create the file yourself then you need to specify where it was found ie in most cases link to the website where it was taken from and the terms of use for content from that page if the file also doesnt have a copyright tag then one should be added if you createdtook the picture audio or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl if you believe the media meets the criteria at wikipedia fair use use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia image copyright tags fairuse see wikipedia image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use if you have uploaded other files consider checking that you have specified their source and tagged them too you can find a list of files you have uploaded by following this link unsourced and untagged images may be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page thank you • 
0.00885117
justification

cheers ? shhheshhh . who says that these days ? were you a loser in high school ?
0.59407705
cheers shhheshhh who says that these days were you a losr in high school 
0.12159213
loser

::: the original argument between us began when you accused me of bad faith and did not apologise . all i had done was try to improve a project structure but i made a mistake in terms of wp deletion guidelines , because i was unfamiliar with required procedure . an administrator , sam vimes , helped to correct the mistake and put an explanation on the discussion page . this was immediately followed by an apology from me for the oversight . the next entry in the discussion was you weighing in with bad faith , breach of etiquette and suchlike insulting rubbish . if you don't like vicious abuse then don't insult people . you latest accusation of fait accompli is also an insult : you are effectively saying that we hatched a conspiracy instead of reaching consensus . once again , you are completely out of order . |
0.35298166
the original argument between us began when you accused me of bad faith and did not apologise all i had done was try to improve a project structure but i made a mistake in terms of wp deletion guidelines because i was unfamiliar with required procedure an administrator sam vimes helped to correct the mistake and put an explanation on the discussion page this was immediately followed by an apology from me for the oversight the next entry in the discussion was you weighing in with bad faith breach of etiquette and uchlike insulting rubbish if you dont like vicious abuse then dont insult people you latest accusation of fait accompli is also an insult you are effectively saying that we hatched a conspiracy instead of reaching consensus once again you are completely out of order 
0.32281363
suchlike

nightstallions fiance got fucked by a nigger and had his baby and it smelled of fried chicken
0.92999655
nightstallions fiance got fcked by a nigger and had his baby and it smelled of fried chicken 
0.7695359
fucked

= = osli73 is wrong , yet another time ! = = you stated that this statement is not in reference to the icty : by seeking to eliminate a part of the bosnian muslims , the bosnian serb forces committed genocide . yet , another time , i am proving you wrong , read here : http://www.un.org/icty/krstic/appeal/judgement/krs-aj040419e.htm
0.23848023
osli73 is wrong yet another time you stated that this statement is not in reference to the icty by seeking to eliminate a part of the bosnian muslis the bosnian serb forces committed genocide yet another time i am proving you wrong read here httpwwwunorgictykrsticappealjudgementkrsaj040419ehtm 
0.19754294
muslims

= = truce = = my words were not meant to be annoying . there is an error in his user page . you shouldn't just jump to conclusions because you have some sort of bizarre internet power . read below and please ensure you understand it prior to commenting further . in working on wikipedia , you may occasionally get into a dispute with another person . that person may seem like a troll or a hothead to you , but it's usually best to assume that you are dealing with a reasonable person who is simply confused on a particular issue or has a pov different from your own . no matter what the problem is , flaming is not going to solve it . try to reach a truce .
0.2032
truce my words were not meant to be annoying there is an error in his user page you shouldnt just jump to conclusions because you have some sort of bizarre internet power read below and please ensure you understand it prior to commenting further in working on wikipedia you may occasionally get into a dispute with another person that person may seem like a troll or a hothead to you but its usually best to assume that you are dealing with a reasonable person who is simply confused on a particular issue or has a pov different from your own no matter what the problem is flamin is not going to solve it try to reach a truce 
0.17878641
flaming

hurt your goddamn feelings
0.86444277
hurt your godamn feelings 
0.72158927
goddamn

= = since people seem to think this page is static i may as well treat it like my own for a momment = = {| class = messagebox |- || // admin-like rc patrol tools document . write (''); //ryulong |} *( god mode light ^_^ ) courtesy of voice of all , a lot less buggy than lupin's version , almost no need for tweaking
0.056990966
since people seem to think this page is static i may as well treat it like my own for a momment class messagebox adminlike rc patrol tools document write ryulong god mode light courtesy of voice of all a lot less bugy than lupins version almost no need for tweaking 
0.038194187
buggy

actually those controversies could be the subject of their own article - controversies between alternative and mainstream medicine . such an article could present both sides of the controversies .
0.0063439845
actually those controversies could e the subject of their own article controversies between alternative and mainstream medicine such an article could present both sides of the controversies 
0.005759154
be

