= = transliterations/transcriptions ? = = in the list of national versions , i have just changed the titles for hong kong's version , ' 一擲千金' , and tunisia's version , ' دليلك ملك' , back to ' deal or no deal ' . the reason for this is that for bulgaria's version , for example , the name in the list is ' sdelka ili ne ' , and not ' Сделка или не'; i.e. it has been transliterated/transcripted . if anyone can transliterate the names above , and add them back into the list , i'd be grateful ! thanks , - « · »
0.009096554
transliterationstranscriptions in the list of national versions i have just changed the titles for hong kongs version 一擲千金 and tunisias version دليلك ملك back to deal or no deal the reason for this i that for bulgarias version for example the name in the list s sdelka ili ne and not Сделка или не ie it has been transliteratedtranscripted if anyone can transliterate the names above and add them back into the list id be grateful thanks « · » 
0.00894379
is

, 26 october 2006 ( utc ) * hi , i'm still concerned this article might be attacked and potentially deleted . can i suggest that you try and mention afghan casualties , civilian casualties , and casualties from other countries . i would also suggest momving the article to a more neutral name to make it less prone to calls for deletion . how about simply british forces - afghanistan ' peace keeping ' * ( 2001-present ) * what's the right term conflict , war ? 12:06
0.023786567
26 october 2006 utc hi im still concerned this article might be attacked and potentially deeted can i suggest that you try and mention afghan casualties civilian casualties and casualties from other countries i would also suggest momving the article to a more neutral name to make it less prone to calls for deletion how about simply british forces afghanistan peace keeping 2001present whats the right term conflict war 1206 
0.019260695
deleted

thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do . take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . —
0.010255395
thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do take a look at the welcome page to lean more about contributing to our encyclopedia — 
0.008216121
learn

::: if someone intends to do their original research and bag nobel by claiming kannada is not the main script for konkani withour proper citations , they are most encouraged to do so in the upcoming konkani sahitya conference and not here . karnataka konkani sahitya academy ( only state which has an academy for konkani literature ) has adopted kannada as the official script for konkani in karnataka where there are more number of konkani speakers than goa . this article in konkani world precisely explains the issue .
0.024194721
if someone intends to do their original research and bag nobel by claiming kannada is not the main script for konkani withour proper citations they are most encouraged to do so in the upcoming konkani sahitya conference and not here karnataka konkani sahitya academy only state which has an academy for konkani literature has adopted kannada as the official script for konkani in karnataka where there are more number of konkani speakers than goa this artile in konkani world precisely explains the issue 
0.022974309
article

= = ip address 137.241.252.24 = = i checked out this address , and noticed that it has continued to make some changes that are not helpful to articles . in particular , this person continues to add notable alumni who do not exist to weber state university and brigham young university , idaho . notably , the alumni added to byui keeps changing names and details on thier notability . i've noticed that s/he has been blocked before by you and wonder what can be done about it ( since this is a multi user ip address ) . obviously , the problem hasn't changed . thanks much ! )
0.026064226
ip address 13724125224 i checked out this address and noticed that it has continued to make some changes that are not helpful to articles in particular this person continues to add notable alumni who do not exist to weber state university and brigham young university idaho notably the alumni added to byui keeps changing names and details on thier notability ive noticed that she has been bloked before by you and wonder what can be done about it since this is a multi user ip address obviously the problem hasnt changed thanks much 
0.013709257
blocked

okay retard whatever you say have fun being a loser !
0.90733767
okay retard whatever you say have fun being a losr 
0.7496177
loser

:::::::: thanks for this sanity reminder , bogdan . i myself added the following template to the top of this talk page just a few days ago : remember that article talk pages are provided to coordinate the article's improvement , not for engaging in discussion for discussion's sake . do not use them as a discussion forum . what this means is that we can not censor markstreet or anyone else because of their opinions , or ask them to shut up . but we can ( and should ) ask everyone , including markstreet , to only comment on issues which are relevant to editing the main article : edit suggestions , sources , etc . :::::::: ps : i just archived the 300k-long talk page , as archive 7 . i kept topics open where we still have some pending issues to take care of , in advance of the protection being lifted . -
0.06561304
thanks for this sanity reminder bogdan i myself added the following template to the top of this talk page just a few days ago remember that article talk pages are provided to coordinate the articles improvement not for engaging in discussion for discussions sake do not use them as a discussion forum what this means is that we can not censor markstreet or anyone else because of their opinions or ask them to sht up but we can and should ask everyone including markstreet to only comment on issues which are relevant to editing the main article edit suggestions sources etc ps i just archived the 300klong talk page as archive 7 i kept topics open where we still have some pending issues to take care of in advance of the protection being lifted 
0.03476278
shut

the problem is , no one other than id fellow travelers is buying it .
0.026675388
the problem i s no one other than id fellow travelers i buying it 
0.02408981
is

: now , lambian , that was the most incredible display of credibility that i have seen in the past 10 months , and after writing somewhere around 500 posts or whatever . that is exactly the same conclusion as my proof , because the proof i wrote comes to the same equality of t and t ' in the results also . this is that both equations are the same exact equal situation , with v , l , t's and everything else equal . but , you are as right as right gets that yours is an incredibly simpler proof . and , just for that , you get added to my incredible person list . hmmm ? you are the only one on it at the moment , but hey , you're right there at the top of the incredible list in any case . and , good for your truly incredible self .
0.030583236
now lambian that was the most incredible display of credibility that i have seen in the past 10 monts and after writing somewhere around 500 posts or whatever that is exactly the same conclusion as my proof because the proof i wrote comes to the same equality of t and t in the results also this is that both equations are the same exact equal situation with v l ts and everything else equal but you are as right as right gets that yours is an incredibly simpler proof and just for that you get added to my incredible person list hmmm you are the only one on it at the moment but hey youre right there at the top of the incredible list in any case and good for your truly incredible self 
0.022264201
months

= = regarding edits made during october 28 2006 to glossary = = thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do . take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.005142728
regarding edits made during october 28 2006 to glossary thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed pleae use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.0032408317
please

:: i commented out the unsourced material and replaced it with a summary of the account from fort caroline #history .
0.0122360755
i commented out the unsourced material and replace it with a summary of the account from fort caroline history 
0.007989857
replaced

sorry , was it would be correct . according to the us censors , and , i believe any censors in any country , images of the erect male penis are xxx . kids should be able to use this site . i have removed the images .
0.39121276
sorry was it would be correct according to the us censors and i believe any censors in any country images of the erect male enis are xxx kids should be able to use this site i have removed the images 
0.08299718
penis

just to say again that you have done a very good job on this , bishonen . as for the aftermath , maybe we could tack on some of the more usable/useful portions from the old version , as an interim measure , before you or a . n . other provide us with a possibly definitive account . just thinking that the users of wikipedia would benefit from some info on monsieur hubert and the monument etc .
0.024643626
just to say again that you have done a very good job on this bishonen as for the aftermath maybe we could tack on some of the more usableuseful portions from the old version as an interim measure before you or a n other provide us with a possibly definitive acount just thinking that the users of wikipedia would benefit from some info on monsieur hubert and the monument etc 
0.020292722
account

: flyupload a tag has been placed on flyupload , requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia . this has been done because the article seems to be about a person , group of people , band , club , company , or web content , but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable . if you can indicate why flyupload is really notable , you can contest the tagging . to do this , please affix the template to the page and leave a note on talk : flyupload , explaining how flyupload is notable . please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself . please read the criteria for speedy deletion ( specifically , article #7 ) and our general biography criteria . feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this .
0.014381307
flyupload a tag has been placed on flyupload requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia this has been done because the article seems to be about a person group of people band club company or web content but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable if you can indicate why flyupload is really notable you can contest the tagging to do this please affix the template to the page and leave a note on talk flyupload explaining how flyupload is notable please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself please read the criteria for speedy deletion specifically article 7 and our genera biography criteria feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this 
0.008306641
general

= = crown fried chicken = = re : crown fried chicken hi , i would like to know if kentucy fried chicken has its own article ... why can't crown fried chicken create an article of its own ? crown is a fast-food restaurant chain all across the east-coast of the united states . also to mention , there is an article about crown's sister chain kennedy fried chicken .
0.071372576
crown fried chcken re crown fried chficken hi i would like to know if kentucy fried chickne has its own article why cant crown fried chcken create an article of its own crown is a fastfood restaurant chain all across the eastcoast of the united states also to mention there is an article about crowns sister chain kennedy fried chicke 
0.048152942
chicken

dear sir- you have provided an even less credible source , and i begin to disbelieve your own credibility . again , i find no justification for your defense of the inclusion of erect male genatlia in this encyclopedia , and , frankly , having given you multiple opportunities to provide these proofs , and you having provided none , must only assign you to the category of hate mail . i will closely watch your next post to me , should you desire to make one , and , i hope , you have something reasonable to say at that time . xchanter
0.2503243
dear sir you have provided an even less credible source and i begin to disbelieve your own credibility again i find no justification for your defense of the inclusion of erect male genatlia in this encyclopedia and frankly having given you multiple opportunities to provide these proofs and you having provided none must only assign you to the category of hat mail i will closely watch your next post to me should you desire to make one and i hope you have something reasonable to say at that time xchanter 
0.19033614
hate

: he's playing and will quickly get bored without food ( imho )
0.09034784
hes playing and will quickly gt bored without food imho 
0.08104245
get

