in the news , now with american bias ! * the apocolypse has begun . * mexican anti-american communist cries foul after free and fair election elects conservative nominee for president of mexico . * 30,000 non-americans die somewhere not in america . * muslim exteremists continue to attack israel in a move long sense predicted by the bible . * dam construction begins in islamistan . comparing that to the current itn box , i fail to see a real american bias .
0.34851307
in the news now with american bias the apocolypse has begun mexican antiamerican communist cries foul after free and fair election elects conservative nominee for president of mexico 30000 nonamericans de somewhere not in america muslim exteremists continue to attack israel in a move long sense predicted by the bible dam construction begins in islamistan comparing that to the current itn box i fail to see a real american bias 
0.17596175
die

you are saying i was much more vicious but offer no indication as to what qualifies as much more . that is as arbitrary an assessment as the decision to block me and not mmx1 . i have come to expect that from this site however as it seems mostly in the spirit of censorship then discourse . even you instead of offering positive instruction , you make your first order of business to threaten me with what you would have done had you my balls in your vice instead of other admin and the other tidbit to cool off . thanks ! you guys are like the middle school hall monitor that gets a little power and feels the need to just flex it without conversation , discourse or investigation . the three users arthur rubin , mmx1 , and rootology together effectively ganged up and reverted the article well over 3 times in regards to my contributions but not only do you ignore their actions , but you find me in contempt for what they were doing . the problem is , i did not simply revert , i actually edited the article each time . i also did not revert in a consecutive series of edits , but in response to different reverts . i maintained discussion , and replied in the edit summary as to why and what i was editing before i saved my changes but you just ignore all of that , slap mmx on the wrist . what was it , you reminded him he was bad ? i could have been reminded too , but upon reflection , the threat you prefaced this lates response with was more effective . i feel better about wiki and its members now . regardless , i will just start making minor absurd edits for future reverts before saving changes .
0.13247757
you are saying i was much more vicious but offer no indication as to what qualifies as much more that is as arbitrary an assessment as the decision to block me and not mmx1 i have come to expect that from this site however as it seems mostly in the spirit of censorship then discourse even you instead of offering positive instruction you make your first order of business to threaten me with what you would have done had you my bals in your vice instead of other admin and the other tidbit to cool off thanks you guys are like the middle school hall monitor that gets a little power and feels the need to just flex it without conversation discourse or investigation the three users arthur rubin mmx1 and rootology together effectively ganged up and reverted the article well over 3 times in regards to my contributions but not only do you ignore their actions but you find me in contempt for what they were doing the problem is i did not simply revert i actually edited the article each time i also did not revert in a consecutive series of edits but in response to different reverts i maintained discussion and replied in the edit summary as to why and what i was editing before i saved my changes but you just ignore all of that slap mmx on the wrist what was it you reminded him he was bad i could have been reminded too but upon reflection the threat you prefaced this lates response with was more effective i feel better about wiki and its members now regardless i will just start making minor absurd edits for future reverts before saving changes 
0.11134358
balls

according to these rules each of you are in violation which is my point exactly . look , i exspect censorship from a marine/gov't loyal contributor . especially in the current political environment where wire taps are viewed as protective , internet privacy is irrelevant , a president can invent and enforce any law he chooses , and guantanamo is synonymous with due process . hell , by those standards , i should be thankful for censorship as the new liberty . well as joe lieberman has shown us , times they are a changin ' . don't understimate creativity . that is where the conservatives always lose . they are virtually incapable of creativity . it is why hollywood is so left & democratic as they are the creative types and tend not to have the same limitations as our red faced , red party friends . read my edit and contribution history and see just how many times as i have been called names or disparaged by conservatives and other editors , but i have never opted to just rat them out for reverting , or editing in an opinion . i got balls to big for that , but it never fails to amaze me how quickly you guys run from a conversation you can't win , and how often you beg for the help of your mommy or daddy admin . is that the semper fi tradition ? call daddy when you can't argue a point ? i have come to expect conservatives to consistently censor thoughts and ideas they disagree with . historically you guys also burned books , authors , and speakers as a first action rather than pretend to offer debate . i have always felt a bit of pity at that being the first step and not a last resort but , like the iraqi's throwing rocks and blowing themselves up , you gotta use what limited tools you have available and in this case , i guess that means calling for admin help when you get in a tight spot ? semper fi : always faithful to take the easy route ! someday , you will grow a backbone
0.14313705
according to these rules each of you are in violation which is my point exactly look i exspect censorship from a marinegovt loyal contributor especially in the current political environment where wire taps are viewed as protective internet privacy is irrelevant a president can invent and enforce any law he chooses and guantanamo is synonymous with due process hell by those standards i should be thankful for censorship as the new liberty well as joe lieberman has shown us times they are a changin dont understimate creativity that is where the conservatives always lose they are virtually incapable of creativity it is why hollywood is so left democratic as they are the creative types and tend not to have the same limitations as our red faced red party friends read my edit and contribution history and see just how many times as i have been called names or disparaged by conservatives and other editors but i have never opted to just rt them out for reverting or editing in an opinion i got balls to big for that but it never fails to amaze me how quickly you guys run from a conversation you cant win and how often you beg for the help of your mommy or daddy admin is that the semper fi tradition call daddy when you cant argue a point i have come to expect conservatives to consistently censor thoughts and ideas they disagree with historically you guys also burned books authors and speakers as a first action rather than pretend to offer debate i have always felt a bit of pity at that being the first step and not a last resort but like the iraqis throwing rocks and blowing themselves up you gotta use what limited tools you have available and in this case i guess that means calling for admin help when you get in a tight spot semper fi always faithful to take the easy route someday you will grow a backbone 
0.13566631
rat

wtf is with this place ? nazi land ? geezus what , everything has to be peer reviewed ? do your own god damn research , it's fact , this isn't speculation . do not remove it again
0.70200175
wtf is with this place nzi land geezus what everything has to be peer reviewed do your own god damn research its fact this isnt speculation do not remove it again 
0.6548299
nazi

= = your unspeakable behaviour = = please stop sending ill-written messages to my talk page . i will continue to edit the satanism reference till it goes to mediators/arbitrators who hopefully employ reason rather than emotion in dealing with conceptual disputes . you have engaged in personal attacks with regard to everybody , including the people you call vandal-coddling admins at wikipedia . the only thing they seem to be coddling is your foul , fiendish conduct . stop !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you violate every wikipedia rule of professionalism and seem to get away with it . i order you to stop !!!! aoluwatoyin
0.509072
your unspeakable behaviour please stop sending illwritten messages to my talk page i will continue to edit the satansm reference till it goes to mediatorsarbitrators who hopefully employ reason rather than emotion in dealing with conceptual disputes you have engaged in personal attacks with regard to everybody including the people you call vandalcoddling admins at wikipedia the only thing they seem to be coddling is your foul fiendish conduct stop you violate every wikipedia rule of professionalism and seem to get away with it i order you to stop aoluwatoyin 
0.29093653
satanism

lgagnon : warning , another warning , final warning : your foul conduct . please stop sending ill-written messages to my talk page . i will continue to edit the satanism reference till it goes to mediators/arbitrators who hopefully employ reason rather than emotion in dealing with conceptual disputes . you have engaged in personal attacks with regard to everybody , including the people you call vandal-coddling admins at wikipedia . the only thing they seem to be coddling is your foul , fiendish conduct . perhaps you don't get the message from anybody . perhaps something is lost in translation . perhaps you don't get their french only your threats !!! stop !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you violate every wikipedia rule of professionalism and seem to get away with it . i order you to stop !!!! aoluwatoyin aoluwatoyin
0.50195473
lgagnon warning another warning final warning your foul conduct please stop sending illwritten messages to my talk page i will continue to edit the stanism reference till it goes to mediatorsarbitrators who hopefully employ reason rather than emotion in dealing with conceptual disputes you have engaged in personal attacks with regard to everybody including the people you call vandalcoddling admins at wikipedia the only thing they seem to be coddling is your foul fiendish conduct perhaps you dont get the message from anybody perhaps something is lost in translation perhaps you dont get their french only your threats stop you violate every wikipedia rule of professionalism and seem to get away with it i order you to stop aoluwatoyin aoluwatoyin 
0.26463678
satanism

{| style = border-spacing : 8px ; margin : 0px -8px width = 100% |class = mainpagebg style = width : 55% ; border : 1px solid #084080 ; background-color : #f5fffa ; vertical-align : top ; color : #000000 ; font-size : 85% | {| width = 100% cellpadding = 2 cellspacing = 5 style = vertical-align : top ; background-color : #f5fffa ! hello hilaryanne , and welcome to wikipedia ! here are some recommended guidelines to help you get involved . please feel free to contact me if you need help with anything . best of luck and happy editing ! |} {| style = border-spacing : 8px ; margin : 0px -8px width = 100% |class = mainpagebg style = width : 55% ; border : 1px solid #ffffff ; background-color : #f5fffa ; vertical-align : top | {| width = 100% cellpadding = 2 cellspacing = 5 style = vertical-align : top ; background-color : #f5fffa ! getting started |- |style = color : #000 | * wikipedia tutorial * how to edit a page * the five pillars of wikipedia * manual of style * be bold in editing * how to write a great article * wikiprojects |- ! getting your info out there |- | style = color : #000 | * cite your sources * neutral point of view * point of view * verifiability * uploading images * image use policy |- ! getting more wikipedia rules |- | style = color : #000 | * policy library |- |} |class = mainpagebg style = width : 55% ; border : 1px solid #ffffff ; background-color : #f5fffa ; vertical-align : top | {| width = 100% cellpadding = 2 cellspacing = 5 style = vertical-align : top ; background-color : #f5fffa ! getting help |- |style = color : #000 | * new contributors ' help page * where to ask a question * help desk * frequently asked questions |- ! getting along |- |style = color : #000 | * wikipedians * wikiquette * civility * sign your posts * conflict resolution |- ! getting technical |- |style = color : #000 | * pages needing attention * peer review * utilities * village pump |- |} |} |}
0.017387025
style borderspacing 8px margin 0px 8px width 100 class mainpagebg style width 55 border 1px solid 084080 backgroundcolor f5fffa verticalalign top color 000000 fontsize 85 width 100 cellpadding 2 cellspacing 5 style verticalalign top backgroundcolor f5fffa hello hilaryanne and welcome to wikipedia here are some recommended guidelines to help you get involved please feel free to contact me if you need help with anything best of luck and happy editing style borderspacing 8px margin 0px 8px width 100 class mainpagebg style width 55 border 1px solid ffffff backgroundcolor f5fffa verticalalign top width 100 cellpadding 2 cellspacing 5 style verticalalign top backgroundcolor f5fffa getting started style color 000 wikipedia tutorial how to edit a page the five pillars of wikipedia manual of style be bold in editing how to write a great article wikiprojects getting your info out there style color 000 cite your sources neutral point of view point of view verifiability uploading images image use policy getting more wikipedia rules style color 000 policy library class mainpagebg style width 55 border 1px solid ffffff backgroundcolor f5fffa verticalalign top width 100 cellpadding 2 cellspacing 5 style verticalalign top backgroundcolor f5fffa getting help style color 000 ne contributors help page where to ask a question help desk frequently asked questions getting along style color 000 wikipedians wikiquette civility sign your posts conflict resolution getting technical style color 000 pages needing attention peer review utilities village pump 
0.005209
new

= = hornet mafia , article deletion nomination = = hell , this term even appears on this wikipedia discussion page . an article has been created defining this term , and subsequently nominated for deletion by purists who have identified him/themselves there . if you believe that the concept hornet mafia is as real as ufo sighting , or if you believe that wp should not have an article for anything that isn't the the brittanica , please participate at wikipedia : articles for deletion/hornet mafia
0.24326277
hornet mafia article deletion nomination hll this term even appears on this wikipedia discussion page an article has been created defining this term and subsequently nominated for deletion by purists who have identified himthemselves there if you believe that the concept hornet mafia is as real as ufo sighting or if you believe that wp should not have an article for anything that isnt the the brittanica please participate at wikipedia articles for deletionhornet mafia 
0.17861897
hell

the article is fine as is
0.02609273
the articl is fine as is 
0.02203879
article

= = why especially in cars ? = = the problem is that there just isn't enough available current capacity from those puny little car batteries and alternators to produce the sort of bass that will levitate a car off the ground . adding 4,000 farads of super capacitors produces woofers with the equivalent power of your typical railgun , enabling people to maintain their self esteem in bass thumping contests .
0.11184262
why especially in cars the problem is that there just isnt enough available current capacity from those puny little car batteries and alternators to produce the sort of bass that will levitate a car off the ground adding 4000 farads of super capacitors produces woofers with the equivalent power of your typical railgun enabling people to maintain their self esteem in bass tumping contests 
0.103408866
thumping

:: but even then , in your highly advanced czechoslovakia , slovaks complained all the time that they were oppressed by the czechs , treated as a colony , etc . why would have otherwise the first fascist politicians ( tiso , hlinka , tuka ) secede from czechoslovakia ? tiso even conducted talks about rejoining hungary .
0.17627925
but even then in your highly advanced czechoslovakia slovaks complained all the time that they were oppressed by the czechs treated as a colony etc why would have otherwise the first fscist politicians tiso hlinka tuka secede from czechoslovakia tiso even conducted talks about rejoining hungary 
0.06680476
fascist

= = oswestry = = do your research dipshit , it wasn't me who removed it the first time . however , i'm going to now !
0.5688492
oswestry do your research dipsit it wasnt me who removed it the first time however im going to now 
0.13681142
dipshit

:: to thus of us who lived through that time , it seemed perfectly reasonable , and no evidence has emerged to undercut that situation .
0.018060302
to thus of us who lived through that time it seemed perfectly reasonable and no evidence has emerged to unercut that situation 
0.01731221
undercut

= = wcs = = those things are painful . they take a huge time to load , and don't give the ease of usage that the templates provide . the templates allow for easier access .
0.052381333
wcs those things are ainful they take a huge time to load and dont give the ease of usage that the templates provide the templates allow for easier access 
0.033228364
painful

