= = signal to noise = = at apollo moon hoax you said i've recently had some ( temporary ) success overhauling an article with similar and related signal : noise ratio problems , and have discovered a yen for more punishment . although i haven't looked in on it in about two months , roswell ufo incident has the highest noise ratio of any wp article i've seen . you might want to check that out . ( i would appreciate it . ) ,
0.033901148
signal to noise at apollo moon hax you said ive recently had some temporary success overhauling an article with similar and related signal noise ratio problems and have discovered a yen for more punishment although i havent looked in on it in about two months roswell ufo incident has the highest noise ratio of any wp article ive seen you might want to check that out i would appreciate it 
0.022736143
hoax

= = tarantino = = alright , i admit it ... so i see a similarity that simplifies the entire explanation of his style by a good deal . so sue me [* shrug *] . hell , i just thought it was easier to get this guy with runyon in mind , y'know ? ah , well , if you decide to delete it because it wasn't some stuffed shirt in a stuffed chair on a tv show who thunk it first , i can't do anything . i've grown to be familiar with that happening , as my user talk record shows . ::::::: ::p . s . you said we meet again . i don't remember where , and so i don't know if you were one of the cute-but-no editors or the you-are-fucking-crazy-get-out-before-we-send-you-a-whole-jarful-of-cookies [ not the edible kind , except in small bytes ;-)] editors . please tell me , to satisfy my morbid curiousity ... :::::::::::::::::: also , i need to do something for the next seventeen years of my solitary confinement ... ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
0.54294914
tarantino alright i admit it so i see a similarity that simplifies the entire explanation of his style by a good deal so sue me shrug ell i just thought it was easier to get this guy with runyon in mind yknow ah well if you decide to delete it because it wasnt some stuffed shirt in a stuffed chair on a tv show who thunk it first i cant do anything ive grown to be familiar with that happening as my user talk record shows p s you said we meet again i dont remember where and so i dont know if you were one of the cutebutno editors or the youarefuckingcrazygetoutbeforewesendyouawholejarfulofcookies not the edible kind except in small bytes editors please tell me to satisfy my morbid curiousity also i need to do something for the next seventeen years of my solitary confinement 
0.147951
hell

= = image tagging image : lsw front . jpg = = {| align = center style = background-color : #ffffff ; border : 8px solid #ff0000 ; padding : 5px ; |- | | this image may be deleted . |} thanks for uploading image : lsw front . jpg . i notice the image page currently doesn't specify who created the image , so the copyright status is therefore unclear . if you have not created the image yourself then you need to argue that we have the right to use the image on wikipedia ( see copyright tagging below ) . if you have not created the image yourself then you should also specify where you found it , i.e. , in most cases link to the website where you got it , and the terms of use for content from that page . if the image also doesn't have a copyright tag then you must also add one . if you created/took the picture then you can use to release it under the gfdl . if you believe the image qualifies as fair use , please read fair use , and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia : image copyright tags #fair_use . see wikipedia : image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use . if you have uploaded other images , please check that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them , too . you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . thank you . ★
0.01157194
image tagging image lsw front jpg align center style backgroundcolor ffffff border 8px solid ff0000 padding 5px this image may be deleted thanks for uploading image lsw front jpg i notice the image page currently doesnt specify who created the image so the copyright status is therefore unclear if you have not created the image yourself then you need to argue that we have the right to use the image on wikipedia see copyright tagging below if you have not created the image yourself then you should also specify where you found it ie in ost cases link to the website where you got it and the terms of use for content from that page if the image also doesnt have a copyright tag then you must also add one if you createdtook the picture then you can use to release it under the gfdl if you believe the image qualifies as fair use please read fair use and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia image copyright tags fairuse see wikipedia image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use if you have uploaded other images please check that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them too you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion thank you ★ 
0.008272936
most

i dont think that this person knows what they are talkin about because he sounds like he is in blank .... he doesnt have any clue what the soviet union is and i just have to say .... fuck all yall !!!!!!
0.91592586
i dont think that this person knows what they are talkin about because he sounds like he is in blank he doesnt have any clue what the soviet union is and i just have to say fuk all yall 
0.8147253
fuck

= = re stalin article = = hi : your remarks hit the nail on the head . the stalin article is a typical example of the left wing anti-american bias that is considered npv by the folks at wikipedia . i refuse to contribute as long as such nonsense is tolerated . berndd11222
0.3014395
re stalin article hi your remarks hit the nail on the head the stalin article is a typical example of the left wing antiamerican bias that is considered npv by the folks at wikipedia i refuse to contribute as long as such nosense is tolerated berndd11222 
0.20920326
nonsense

what was the legislative action that created the cmsaf in 1967 ?
0.016050376
what was the legislative actin that created the cmsaf in 1967 
0.014202504
action

::::: nonsense ? as i already said , that they are white trash can be empirically proven . that article basically declared them all an incestuous group , and i didn't see any footnotes upon it . you want to talk about nonsense ? lets see some proof for the idea that all westboro members are related by blood . otherwise , i'll keep adding my shit , and you can cram your elitist zomg i'm a registered user on a free encyclopedia attitude .
0.6968537
nonsense as i already said that they are white trash can be empirically proven that article basically declared them all an incestuous group and i didnt see any footnotes upon it you want to talk about nonsense lets see some proof for the idea that all westboro members are related by blood otherwise ill keep adding my shi and you can cram your elitist zomg im a registered user on a free encyclopedia attitude 
0.64223707
shit

: the layout looks good . however you have to consider that some of the portals are not very good . science and geography are better than business . we sgould get other people to clean up the portals that need it . this isn't a list of topics but rather a showcase of the best of what wikipedia has to offer . •
0.013701709
the layout loks good however you have to consider that some of the portals are not very good science and geography are better than business we sgould get other people to clean up the portals that need it this isnt a list of topics but rather a showcase of the best of what wikipedia has to offer • 
0.008723495
looks

: * i don't think that this is a view necessarily held by the majority , therefore i think it is appropriate to find a source . but fine , i see your point as well . it should still be moved to the end , as it is it is splitting up two sentences that flow logically from each other .
0.02715703
i dont think that this is a view necessarily held by the majority therefore i think it is appropriate to find a source but fine i see your point as well it should still be moved to the end as it is it is splitting up two sentence that flow logically from each other 
0.023518091
sentences

::: ?? the chart doesn't use the term anarcho-socialism . i can't say much about weight - that is totally subjective . judging by something objective , like google hits , anarcho-capitalism is more significant than e.g. anarcho-syndicalism . certainly both should be included in the chart .
0.035605557
the chart doesnt use the term anarchosocialism i cant say much about weight that is totally subjective judging by something objective like google his anarchocapitalism is more significant than eg anarchosyndicalism certainly both should be included in the chart 
0.015665758
hits

i can answer that question for you . from 1902-1911 , he worked with freud , and was indeed at that time known as a psychoanalyst . adler broke from freud in 1911 , and initially called his work free psychoanalysis , but later called it individual psychology . although to a general lay public , freud , jung and adler are often seen as the big three of psychoanalysis , in the strict sense , only freud was a psychoanalyst . jung was an analytical psychologist and adler an individual psychologist . use of these alternative terms helps to clarify how both jung and adler broke from freud and developed their own schools of therapy .
0.008972844
i can answer that question for you from 19021911 he worked with freud and was indeed at that time known as a psychoanalyst adler broke from freud in 1911 and initially called his work free psychoanalysis but later called it individual psychology although to a general ay public freud jung and adler are often seen as the big three of psychoanalysis in the strict sense only freud was a psychoanalyst jung was an analytical psychologist and adler an individual psychologist use of these alternative terms helps to clarify how both jung and adler broke from freud and developed their own schools of therapy 
0.007729059
lay

attention : this ip address , , is registered to oxford university computing services and is shared by multiple users . comments left on this page may be received by other users of this ip and appear to be irrelevant . caution should be used when blocking this ip or reverting its contributions without checking . in the event of vandalism from this address , efforts will be made to contact oxford university computing services to report abuse . if you are an unregistered user operating from this address , note that this need not necessarily be the ip address of your machine . in many cases , it turns out to be the ip address of a proxy server that communicates between your browser and the wikimedia servers . such proxies are shared among a huge number of users compared to the number of persons using your particular machine . if you are frustrated by irrelevant comments appearing here , you can avoid them by creating an account for yourself .
0.054588348
attention this ip address is registered to oxford university computing services and is shared by multiple users comments left on this page may be received by other users of this ip and appear to be irrelevant caution should be used when blocking this ip or reverting its contributions without checking in the event of vandalism from this address efforts will be made to contact oxford university computing services to report abuse if you arre an unregistered user operating from this address note that this need not necessarily be the ip address of your machine in many cases it turns out to be the ip address of a proxy server that communicates between your browser and the wikimedia servers such proxies aer shared among a huge number of users compared to the number of persons using your particular machine if you ar frustrated by irrelevant comments appearing here you can avoid them by creating an account for yourself 
0.043161165
are

i changed this to science fiction as space opera seems the wrong categorization to me , and as the article on space opera describes that genre as emphasizing romantic adventure , interstellar travel , and space battles , none of which are main elements in starcraft ( though one must assume that interstellar travel takes place , and there are a few space-station battles ) . if anyone can help me out with a better subgenre , i'd appreciate it , but the assignment of the game to space opera seems highly specious ( though perhaps there's something i'm missing ? ) .
0.03401624
i changed this to science fiction as space opera seems the wrong categorization to me and as the article on space opera describes that genre as emphasizing romantic adventure interstellar travel and space battles none of which are main elements in starcraft though one must assume that interstellar travel takes place and there are a few spacestation battles if anyone can help me out with a better sugenre id appreciate it but the assignment of the game to space opera seems highly specious though perhaps theres something im missing 
0.012982387
subgenre

- whoever takes wikipedia in its current state as a valid source of information is a fool . any reference to wikipedia as a refereed encyclopedia is a joke . i hope that you , gentle reader , allow me to conclude that wikipedia , as it stands now , is an overall joke . therefore , let us make silly entries , such as the one referring to clark's food as the worst in the nation . or , the fact that jerry garcia's favorite place to trip was the goddard library . viva la imbecility ! diderot must be rolling in his grave . * tear *
0.58012015
whoever takes wikipedia in its current state as a valid source of information is a fool any reference to wikipedia as a refereed encyclopedia is a joke i hope that you gentle reader allow me to conclude that wikipedia as it stands now is an overall joke therefore let us make silly entries such as the one referring to clarks food as the worst in the nation or the fact that jerry garcias favorite place to trip was the goddard library viva la imecility diderot must be rolling in his grave tear 
0.41454473
imbecility

u r a tw@ fuck off u gay boy . u r smelly . fuck ur mum poopie
0.9863616
u r a tw f u c k off u gay boy u r smelly fuk ur mum poopie 
0.984592
fuck

= = pancho = = a nice job on gonzales now if the busybodies will just leave it alone . i may add more material if i don't get too frustrated with the wikimeddlers . why don't you take a look at laver and clean that up a little , including all the speculation about how great he was ? cheers !
0.06300956
pancho a nice job on gonzales now if the busybodies will just leave it alone i may add more material if i dont get too frustratd with the wikimeddlers why dont you take a look at laver and clean that up a little including all the speculation about how great he was cheers 
0.055618487
frustrated

= = personal attacks ? = = i made no personal attacks . the fact of the matter is that you concealed your identity as the subject of the article and another contributor stated that she knew darren but not you , which makes no sense since you are darren . actively concealing the truth would be a lie . this is a statement of fact , not an attack .
0.20612375
personal attacks i made no personal attacks the fact of the matter is that you concealed your identity as the subject of the article and another contributor stated that she knew darren but not you which makes no sens since you are darren actively concealing the truth would be a lie this is a statement of fact not an attack 
0.14897993
sense

theres no such thing as nuetral , people cannot be divided straight down the middle , so i will present my beliefs as such ... i am a holocaust revisionist ( not a holocaust denier ) . i am a nationialist ( australia ) i dislike globalisation and companies in general i dislike christianity and all forms of mass religion i believe men act like woman nowadays and it sickens me racism is healthy and human our id ( frued terminology ) is more important than our superego i am more elite than any nerd on the net
0.40678403
theres no such thing as nuetral people cannot be divided straight down the middle so i will present my beliefs as such i am a holocaust revisionist not a holocaust denier i am a nationialist australia i dislike globalisation and companies in general i dislike christianity and all forms of mass religion i believe men act like woman nowadays and it sickens me racis is healthy and human our id frued terminology is more important than our superego i am more elite than any nerd on the net 
0.36196366
racism

= = apparent contradictions in discussion of kite experiment = = the article seems to contradict itself over whether or not franklin ever actually conducted his famous kite experiment . first it states with certainty the exact day he performed the experment and the later implies he may never have performed this experiment at all . i have no opinion on the matter , other than that the article is confusing , as is .
0.032908533
apparent contrdictions in discussion of kite experiment the article seems to contradict itself over whether or not franklin ever actually conducted his famous kite experiment first it states with certainty the exact day he performed the experment and the later implies he may never have performed this experiment at all i have no opinion on the matter other than that the article is confusing as is 
0.025309382
contradictions

