= = speculation in vatican section = = the paragraph quoting francis cardinal arinze ends in pov speculation : : there are some other religions which if you insult their founder they will not be just talking . they will make it painfully clear to you , this is followed by the speculation : : the apparent reference to other religions is to the violent protests against the depiction of prophet muhammad in cartoons . [ 2 ] while i'm not going out on a limb to defend the violent protests , is there a quotation or source which indicates that is who arinze was referring to ? until there is affirmative followup , i'm removing the last sentence . 09:17 20 may 06 gmt
0.10906187
speculation in vatican section the paragraph quoting francis cardinal arinze ends in pov speculation there are some other religions which if you isult their founder they will not be just talking they will make it painfully clear to you this is followed by the speculation the apparent reference to other religions is to the violent protests against the depiction of prophet muhammad in cartoons 2 while im not going out on a limb to defend the violent protests is there a quotation or source which indicates that is who arinze was referring to until there is affirmative followup im removing the last sentence 0917 20 may 06 gmt 
0.06859848
insult

i have reverted a recent edit you made to the article jyllands-posten muhammad cartoons controversy . you did not provide an edit summary , and i could not determine whether the edit was vandalism or a constructive contribution . in the future , please use edit summaries . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.02703582
i have reverted a recent edit you made to the article jyllandsposten muhammad cartoons controversy you did not provide an edit summary and i could not determine whether the edit was vandalim or a constructive contribution in the future please use edit summaries a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.01353143
vandalism

= = my edits = = got your message , but i do not quite get what you are refering to . thank you .
0.030026322
my edits got your message but i do not quite gt what you are refering to thank you 
0.021362692
get

:::: well you have to understand that there are those that consider ataturk a saint because honestly i shudder at the thought of what turkey would have been without him !
0.060149215
well you have to understand that there are those that consider ataturk a saint because honestly i hudder at the thought of what turkey would have been without him 
0.05079451
shudder

= = i think you were right ... = = ... to be concerned over admin abuse of power . shortly after i was blocked , aja made 5 reverts in 30 hours and charles did nothing . this despite warning he gave . today charles removed two personal attacks , one made by aja , and the other ( which i don't think qualifies as a personal attack ) made by el lobo . he then blocked el lobo for a whole week for implying bad faith ! and not a word was spoken about aja's more egregious edit !
0.14350007
i think you were right to be concerned over admin abuse of power shortly after i was blocked aja made 5 reverts in 30 hours and charles did nothing this despite warning he gave today charles removed two personal attacks one made by aja and the other which i dont think qualifies as a personal attack made by el lobo he then blocked el lobo for a whole week for implying ba faith and not a word was spoken about ajas more egregious edit 
0.08493378
bad

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are a few good links for newcomers : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . again , welcome ! = = image tagging image : 800 0104pan04 . jpg = = {| align = center style = background-color : #ffffff ; border : 8px solid #ff0000 ; padding : 5px ; |- | | this media may be deleted . |} thanks for uploading image : 800 0104pan04 . jpg . i notice the ' image ' page currently doesn't specify who created the content , so the copyright status is unclear . if you have not created this media yourself then there needs to be an argument why we have the right to use the media on wikipedia ( see copyright tagging below ) . if you have not created the media yourself then it needs to be specified where it was found , i.e. , in most cases link to the website where it was taken from , and the terms of use for content from that page . if the media also doesn't have a copyright tag then one should be added . if you created/took the picture , audio , or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl . if you believe the media qualifies as fair use , consider reading fair use , and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia : image copyright tags #fair_use . see wikipedia : image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use . if you have uploaded other media , consider checking that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them , too . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page . thank you .
0.011569252
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here are a few good links for newcomers the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions again welcome image tagging image 800 0104pan04 jpg align center style backgroundcolor ffffff border 8px solid ff0000 padding 5px this media may be deleted thanks for uploading image 800 0104pan04 jpg i notice the image page currently doesnt specify who created the content so the copyright status is unclear if you have not created this media yourself then there needs to be an argument why we have the right to use the media on wikipedia see copyright tagging below if you have not created the media yourself then it needs to be specified where it was found ie in most cases link to the website where it was taken from and the terms of use for content from that page if the media also doesnt have a copyright tag then one should be added if you createdtook the picture audio or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl if you believe the media qualifies as fair use consider reading fair use and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia image copyright tags fairuse see wikipedia image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use if you have uploaded other media consider checking that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them too you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any nsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page thank you 
0.008162477
unsourced

: thanx . i wouldn't have thought it was tendentious to change a url to an identical article but reflecting the change of affiliation of the author concerned . and it is becoming ridiculous if so many articles are considered to fall under the ambit of this ruling .
0.08254603
thanx i wouldnt have thought it was tendentious to change a url to an identical article but reflecting the change of affiliation of the author concerned and it is becoming ridiulous if so many articles are considered to fall under the ambit of this ruling 
0.00885301
ridiculous

*** please rewrite the secret army episode guides . i do not wish to have my original text featured on wikipedia . thank you .
0.05587142
please rewrite the secret army episode guides i o not wish to have my original text featured on wikipedia thank you 
0.010542458
do

so they no longer features my original text .
0.013138683
so they no longer features my original tex 
0.011314586
text

:::: i agree . it will be better explained later and i'm glad you see nothing wrong with the idea of hypothesis . i think the word is much more accurate than that of ' theory ' which implies a greater range of evidence and greater likelihood of truth . nlp does not cite evidence , nor does nlp even generally claim their postulates are true . they are simply assumptions made for a practical ground for taking action . perhaps the best way to include this , would be to simply keep it the way approved , ' neuro-linguistic programming'(nlp ) is a set of techniques , postulates and beliefs that adherents use primarily as an approach to psychotherapy , healing , communication and personal development , and at a #link to where the concept is explained later in detail .
0.012443118
i agree it will be better explained later and im glad you see nothing wong with the idea of hypothesis i think the word is much more accurate than that of theory which implies a greater range of evidence and greater likelihood of truth nlp does not cite evidence nor does nlp even generally claim their postulates are true they are simply assumptions made for a practical ground for taking action perhaps the best way to include this would be to simply keep it the way approved neurolinguistic programmingnlp is a set of techniques postulates and beliefs that adherents use primarily as an approach to psychotherapy healing communication and personal development and at a link to where the concept is explained later in detail 
0.004991097
wrong

= = battles with the press ? = = after reading this and remembering his other expletive-filled tirade some months back , i'm beginning to wonder if a new section is worthwhile . he's obviously had several issues with paparazzi and photographers , so i think it may prove interesting ( even aside from the blatant humor ) . thoughts ? awf
0.056662057
battles with the press after reading this and remembering his other expletivefilled tirade some months back im beginning to wonder if a new section is worthwhile hes obviously had several issues with paparazzi and photographers so i think it may prove interesting even aside from the batant humor thoughts awf 
0.0451673
blatant

= = like what you are doing ! = = you have been really updating george jones ' page and i like what you have been doing . i have also do alot to this page . so keep on doing the great work . - 23 may 2006 1:48 pm
0.016694868
like what you are doing you have been really updating george jones page and i like what you have been doing i have also do lot to this page so keep on doing the great work 23 may 2006 148 pm 
0.008810197
alot

= = request opinion of muslim editor = = hello . could you please stop by talk : christianity and give your opinion ? we are debating whether the word ' monotheism ' should be included in the intro to the christianity article . according to most dictionaries , the definition of monotheism is the dogma or belief that there is one god . now , all christians believe there is one god and all christian creeds ( such as the nicene creed and chalcedonian creed ) profess a belief in one god . the point of contention is the holy trinity . christians believe that god the father , god the son ( jesus ) , and god the holy spirit all make up one [[ ousia|essense ] of god , i.e. are three parts of one god ( known as hypostasis ) . now , several editors think that because this is different from the islamic view of tawhidand they alledge muslims think christians are not monotheistic , but [[ tritheistic]we cannot say christianity is monotheistic like is done in the islam article . many editors content , however , that the definition of monotheism is based solely on belief , not truth . so if christians believe their god is one god , they are by definition monotheistic , even if they may not be right . all it takes to be monotheistic is to believe there is one god . others , however , think we can only say christianity is a monotheistic religion according to its followers . again , some editors ( including myself ) have issue with this because it's basically like saying christianity believes it believes that there is one god , which of course is redundant . in my opinion , monotheism by definition is the belief ! none-the-less , we would like to know from a muslim editor : 1 ) do muslims view christianity as tritheistic ? 2 ) if so , does this view affect that fact that christians think their god is one god ( even though they may not be right ) , and if not , aren't christians by definition monotheistic ? sorry for the long post , but there's a lot of debate i had to summarize . thanks , —
0.03178878
request opinion of muslim editor hello could you please stop by talk christianity and give your opinion we are debating whether the word monotheism should be included in the intro to the christianity article according to most dictionaries the definition of monotheism is the dogma or belief that there is one god now all christians believe there is one god and all christian creeds such as the nicene creed and chalcedonian creed profess a belief in one god the point of contention is the holy trinity christians believe that god the father god the son jesus and god the holy spirit all make up one ousiaessense of god ie are three parts of one god known as hypostasis now several editors think that because this is different from the islamic view of tawhidand they alledge m u s l i m s think christians are not monotheistic but tritheisticwe cannot say christianity is monotheistic like is done in the islam article many editors content however that the definition of monotheism is based solely on belief not truth so if christians believe their god is one god they are by definition monotheistic even if they may not be right all it takes to be monotheistic is to believe there is one god others however think we can only say christianity is a monotheistic religion according to its followers again some editors including myself have issue with this because its basically like saying christianity believes it believes that there is one god which of course is redundant in my opinion monotheism by definition is the belief nonetheless we would like to know from a muslim editor 1 do muslim view christianity as tritheistic 2 if so does this view affect that fact that christians think their god is one god even though they may not be right and if not arent christians by definition monotheistic sorry for the long post but theres a lot of debate i had to summarize thanks — 
0.021718264
muslims

since deutsche welle offers programming to different stations , and is called a network , should it be listed with the affiliates ? and if so , should the same go for the kids wb , foxbox/4kids entertainment , and bkn animation blocks ? that is how the retro television network ( rtn ) started , at least .... -
0.01012091
since deutsche welle offers programming to different stations and is called a network should it be listed with the affiliates and if so should the same go for the kids wb foxbox4kids entertainment and bkn animation blcks that is how the retro television network rtn started at least 
0.0075647375
blocks

= = syndication/programming blocks or network programming ? = =
0.01810387
syndicationprogramming locks or network programming 
0.00879138
blocks

