evula you may have blocked my friends but you wont block me or you will be sorry . you are doomed evula . i will hunt you down and brutally murder you . then i will throw your body into the ocean . how sad is it knowing you will soon be fishfood ?
0.64495474
evula you may have blocked my friends but you wont block me or you will be sorry you are doomed evula i will hunt you down and brutally mrder you then i will throw your body into the ocean how sad is it knowing you will soon be fishfood 
0.6173796
murder

hello , jeroje , and welcome to wikipedia ! i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are some pages that you might find helpful : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * how to write a great article * manual of style * also feel free to . i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , please . category : welcomebotresearch
0.013055551
hello jeroje and welcome to wikipedia i hope you like the place and decide to stay here are some pages that you might find helpful the five pillars of wikipedia how to edt a page help pages how to write a great article manual of style also feel free to i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help please category welcomebotresearch 
0.008318469
edit

thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do . take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.011039097
thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do take a look at the welcome age to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.010522089
page

::: but in some cases it's pretty darn obvious . when someone posts 23,000 characters about how we need to stop the federal clowns editing wikipedia , do you really think we should bother the checkusers with it ? i will if you tell me i should .
0.19581658
but in some cases its pretty darn obvious when someone posts 23000 characters about how we need to stop the federal clons editing wikipedia do you really think we should bother the checkusers with it i will if you tell me i should 
0.10956159
clowns

ps : i will wait for the response to above question for a couple more days . if i do not get any answer , i will remove text , transliterations and translation of the poem . it is absurd to copy an entire poem instead of having a comprehensive article about it .
0.085537866
ps i will wait for the response to above question for a couple more days if i do not get any answer i will remove text transliterations and translation of the poem it is absur to copy an entire poem instead of having a comprehensive article about it 
0.01875799
absurd

the memory of those great romanian anti-communists will not be forgotten !
0.24697673
the memory of those great romanian anticommunists will not b forgotten 
0.05216999
be

= = removal of la times and new york times reference urls = = it seems to me that keeping the urls is most consistent with wp :v . i'd like to put them back in .
0.03146716
removal of la times and new york times reference urls it seems to me that keeping the urls is most consistent with wp v id ike to put them back in 
0.022254031
like

( utc ) : in response to my comment about the historical record being in dispute about targeting lifeboats - some authors have alleged that japanese soldiers were specifically targeted by the wahoo crew ; others , such as the xo richard o'kane ( who was there ) stated that they were not in his book wahoo . if targeting the life boats is in fact a war crime , then include a reference to the law and let the facts speak for themselves rather than speculate about the possible actions of a victorious post-war japan . 12:34 , 8 january 2007
0.019743463
utc in response to my comment about the historical record being in dispute about targeting lifeoats some authors have alleged that japanese soldiers were specifically targeted by the wahoo crew others such as the xo richard okane who was there stated that they were not in his book wahoo if targeting the life boats is in fact a war crime then include a reference to the law and let the facts speak for themselves rather than speculate about the possible actions of a victorious postwar japan 1234 8 january 2007 
0.01497791
lifeboats

attention : this , is registered to ridgefield academy , ct and may be shared by multiple users . in the case of institutions using proxy servers , this ip address may in fact represent many users at many physical computers . for this reason a message intended for one person may be received by another and a block shared by many . if you are editing from this address and are frustrated by irrelevant messages , you can avoid them by creating an account for yourself . in some cases you may temporarily be unable to create an account due to efforts to fight vandalism , in which case please see here . caution should be used when blocking this ip or reverting its contributions without checking - if a block is needed , administrators should consider a soft block with the template {{ schoolblock|optional comment }} as the block reason . {| style = border : 1px solid #a00 ; margin : auto 1em 1em 1em | | style = text-align : center |note : in the event of persistent vandalism , anonymous editing from this ip address may be disabled for up to 6 months at a time while abuse reports may be forwarded to your school administration for investigation in case of long-term abuse by registered users . |}
0.04359552
attention this is registered to ridgefield academy ct and may be shared by multiple users in the case of institutions using proxy servers this ip address may in fact represent many users at many physical computers for this reason a message intended for one person may be received by another and a block shared by many if you are editing from this address and are frustrated by irrelevat messages you can avoid them by creating an account for yourself in some cases you may temporarily be unable to create an account due to efforts to fight vandalism in which case please see here caution should be used when blocking this ip or reverting its contributions without checking if a block is needed administrators should consider a soft block with the template schoolblockoptional comment as the block reason style border 1px solid a00 margin auto 1em 1em 1em style textalign center note in the event of persistent vandalism anonymous editing from this ip address may be disabled for up to 6 months at a time while abuse reports may be forwarded to your school administration for investigation in case of longterm abuse by registered users 
0.038602337
irrelevant

= = the eclipse = = references to the ' cliche ' of the eclipse , which historians say wouldn't have frightened the maya , should be changed . in the movie , the priests and royalty at the top of the period show that they are * not * frightened of the eclipse and know full well it will pass . one of the them gives a cynical smile to another , since they know they can fool the masses below . moral : gibson is not being inaccurate . they knew about eclipses , and exploited this knowledge to keep the masses in awe . please change the references in the article . dso371
0.13983129
the eclipse references to the cliche of the eclipse which historians say wouldnt have frightened the maya should be changed in the movie the priests and royalty at the top of the period show that they are not frightened of the eclipse and know full well it will pass one of the them gives a cynical smile to another since they know they can fol the masses below moral gibson is not being inaccurate they knew about eclipses and exploited this knowledge to keep the masses in awe please change the references in the article dso371 
0.08576078
fool

= = suggestions for drishtipat = = in the interests of preventing the escalation of internecine conflict and ill-feeling between differing regional groups comprising the british bangladeshi community , we hereby submit a list of requests for the administrators of drishtipat london to implement . this should result in a more harmonious and c o-o perative environment in which dp london can hold conferences in britain and continue it’s work in highlighting human rights abuses in bangladesh and help make it a more effective organisation . please signal your position regarding this communiqué . -the appointment of a british or bangladeshi-born ( sylheti-speaking ) sylheti as executive of drishtipat ( dp ) london . thus accurately reflecting the overwhelmingly sylheti character to the british bangladeshi community and sylheti concerns . -an official statement of regret on the dp website that thorough research of the composition of the british bangladeshi community was not initially undertaken . this oversight resulting in dp london conducting their campaign of 2006 on behalf of dhaka-based garments workers . a worthy cause but one better suited for a dp chapter whose constituency is less monolithic in it’s regional and cultural composition than britain . -official confirmation that faisal ghazi ( of golmal blog fame ) and zubaer , dp members of ill-fame , have either been disciplined or preferably removed from dp’s campaigns . their disparaging and outright racist remarks about british sylheti’s on their blogs merits nothing less . -the celebration of the achievements of all diaspora bangladeshis . not selected members such as author tahmima anam , ( under the guise of concern for human rights ) whom certain dp members may know from their time in dhaka . this means the celebration of british bangladeshi’s born and bought up in the uk as well , such as rabina khan and abdul ahad . -dp to become a genuine human rights organisation . this means concentration on bread and butter issues such as providing clean drinking water , inoculation and freedom from corruption and not 101 blog posts about the awami league and the upcoming ( irrelelevant ) elections in bangladesh . drishtipat's greatest disservice to the bangladeshi human rights/ngo sector is that they have made ngo work controversial by making it party-political . in bangladesh anything deemed to be pro-awami league or pro-bnp or pro-whatever useless party soon shrivells up and dies .
0.090318896
suggestions for drishtipat in the interests of preventing the escalation of internecine conflict and illfeeling between differing regional groups comprising the british bangladeshi community we hereby submit a list of requests for the administrators of drishtipat london to implement this should result in a more harmonious and c oo perative environment in which dp london can hold conferences in britain and continue it’s work in highlighting human rights abuses in bangladesh and help make it a more effective organisation please signal your position regarding this communiqué the appointment of a british or bangladeshiborn sylhetispeaking sylheti as executive of drishtipat dp london thus accurately reflecting the overwhelmingly sylheti character to the british bangladeshi community and sylheti concerns an official statement of regret on the dp website that thorough research of the composition of the british bangladeshi community was not initially undertaken this oversight resulting in dp london conducting their campaign of 2006 on behalf of dhakabased garments workers a worthy cause but one better suited for a dp chapter whose constituency is less monolithic in it’s regional and cultural composition than britain official confirmation that faisal ghazi of golmal blog fame and zubaer dp members of illfame have either been disciplined or preferably removed from dp’s campaigns their disparaging and outright racist remarks about british sylheti’s on their blogs merits nothing less the celebration of the achievements of all diaspora bangladeshis not selected members such as author tahmima anam under the guise of concern for human rights whom certain dp members may know from their time in dhaka this means the celebration of british bangladeshi’s born and bought up in the uk as well such as rabina khan and abdul ahad dp to become a genuine human rights organisation this means concentration on bread and butter issues such as providing clean drinking water inoculation and freedom from corruption and not 101 blog posts about the awami league and the upcoming irrelelevant elections in bangladesh drishtipats greatest disservice to the bangladeshi human rightsngo sector is that they have made ngo work controversial by making it partypolitical in bangladesh anything deemed to be proawami league or probnp or prowhatever useless party soon shrivells up and ies 
0.06011287
dies

p > yes you called him idiot . but who cares . when ? ~ when ? ~ may i just comment that this section is also commenting on the editor and not the edits . ok , how about adding few words without pov that video is grisly , as it originally says in cnn link or any other link ? how can that be pov , lol ?! only here why did you remove links on saddam's last hour and martyrdom ?
0.52022916
p yes you called him idot but who cares when when may i just comment that this section is also commenting on the editor and not the edits ok how about adding few words without pov that video is grisly as it originally says in cnn link or any other link how can that be pov lol only here why did you remove links on saddams last hour and martyrdom 
0.19195905
idiot

i'm not sure i agree with your statement . but we should explore it . can you be more specific ?
0.021068387
im not sure i agree with your statement but we should explore it can you e more specific 
0.019347483
be

= = = = regarding edits made during january 9 2007 ( utc ) = = = = thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do . take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . if this is an ip address , and it is shared by multiple users , ignore this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits . ''''''''''
0.02106429
regarding edits made during january 9 2007 utc thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia if this is an ip address and it is shared by multiple users ignre this warning if you did not make any unconstructive edits 
0.013352214
ignore

= = album cover = = that isn't her new album cover . that is a paparazzi shot of her when she was shooting photos for her new album ( most likely for the linear notes ) .
0.094993785
album cover that isnt her new album cover that is a paparazzi shot of her when she was shooing photos for her new album most likely for the linear notes 
0.061431788
shooting

= = angela the barn award winner = = you are about to be blocked for your obscene figure and editing and for your picture online . you have been considered for a plea but rejected sorry please be informed that no one likes you and that you have been banned from the wikipedia talk and your whole wikipedia life , thanks for playing try harder next time .
0.19937299
angela the barn award winner you are about to be blocked for your obcene figure and editing and for your picture online you have been considered for a plea but rejected sorry please be informed that no one likes you and that you have been banned from the wikipedia talk and your whole wikipedia life thanks for playing try harder next time 
0.16069601
obscene

