= = scenes of a sexual nature = = hello , and welcome to wikipedia ! we welcome and appreciate your contributions , such as scenes of a sexual nature , but we regretfully cannot accept copyrighted text or images borrowed from either web sites or printed material . this article appears to be a direct copy from http://www.theworkslimited.com/index2.html , and therefore a copyright violation . the copyrighted text has been or will soon be deleted . if you believe that the article is not a copyright violation , or if you have permission from the copyright holder to release the content freely under the gnu free documentation license ( gfdl ) , you can comment to that effect on talk : scenes of a sexual nature . then you should do one of the following : : * make a note on the original website that re-use is permitted under the gfdl and state at talk : scenes of a sexual nature where we can find that note ; or : * send an e-mail from an address associated with the original publication to permissions(at)wikimedia(dot)org or a postal message to the wikimedia foundation permitting re-use under the gfdl . it is also important that the text be modified to have an encyclopedic tone and that it follows wikipedia article layout . for more information , see wikipedia's policies and guidelines . thank you , and please feel welcome to continue contributing to wikipedia . happy editing !
0.048611593
scenes of a s e x u a l nature hello and welcome to wikipedia we welcome and appreciate your contributions such as scenes of a esxual nature but we regretfully cannot accept copyrighted text or images borrowed from either web sites or printed material this article appears to be a direct copy from httpwwwtheworkslimitedcomindex2html and therefore a copyright violation the copyrighted text has been or will soon be deleted if you believe that the article is not a copyright violation or if you have permission from the copyright holder to release the content freely under the gnu free documentation license gfdl you can comment to that effect on talk scenes of a setual nature then you should do one of the following make a note on the original website that reuse is permitted under the gfdl and state at talk scenes of a exual nature where we can find that note or send an email from an address associated with the original publication to permissionsatwikimediadotorg or a postal message to the wikimedia foundation permitting reuse under the gfdl it is also important that the text be modified to have an encyclopedic tone and that it follows wikipedia article layout for more information see wikipedias policies and guidelines thank you and please feel welcome to continue contributing to wikipedia happy editing 
0.014965429
sexual

thank you for experimenting with the page hypocrisy on wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.109944984
thank you for experimenting with the page hypocris on wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.011724201
hypocrisy

: you're a good man . i shall incorporate your sound advice into my approach . i shall never stop attacking bias , though .
0.2473506
youre a good man i shall incorporate your sound advice into my approach i shall never stop attackng bias though 
0.20838009
attacking

huh ? all i said was that nobody likes a snitch . is that statement not true ?
0.31088662
huh all i said was that nobody likes a sitch is that statement not true 
0.19981912
snitch

= = trivia = = this article once had a trivia section , which i thought was useful for a film article . i think trivia sections are valid content for an encyclopoedia if labelled so and we should re-install the one for this page . comments ?
0.013708806
trivia this article once had a trivia section which i thought was useful for a film article i think trivia sections ae valid content for an encyclopoedia if labelled so and we should reinstall the one for this page comments 
0.011597258
are

= = removed = = for this ( and other reasons , namely the inability for governments to control , regulate and tax distribution , and also concerncing the unnecessarily suffering , often addicted , consumers of drugs affected of prohibitionist laws ) this doesn't make any sense . no suggestions for replacing it , but also doesn't seem sensible to keep .
0.04852107
removed for this and other reasons namely the inability for governments to control regulate and tax distribution and also concerncing the unnecessarily suffering often addicted consumers of drugs affected of prohibitionist laws this doesnt make any sens no suggestions for replacing it but also doesnt seem sensible to keep 
0.030363465
sense

you know , you didn't have to dig to find a lipstadt trashing of paul rassinier . there's one on the debunking link in my article , posted in the middle of the english translations of rassinier's books . it was right there .
0.08475822
you know you didnt have to dig to find a lipstadt trasing of paul rassinier theres one on the debunking link in my article posted in the middle of the english translations of rassiniers books it was right there 
0.05035043
trashing

there are now two meaningful and material articles on other usaas . as for your love of usaa or not , you are advised to read voltaire's cautionary tale of candide's attempt to break up the fight between the priest and prostitute . stay out of it ! let robert g . davis and his child-bride mistress ( already described by as so young and virginous that she could be his daughter . . . let the priests and the whores slug it out : and when it is all over , then you can figure out who was the priest and who was the whore . usaa went live in 2004 with this set piece from usaa's pr department : read the present main article and tell me which is better . read the main article carefully - and you will see criminal robert g . davis's legal department bailing like mad . nowarticles
0.5127511
there are now two meaningful and material articles on other usaas as for your love of usaa or not you are advised to read voltaires cautionary tale of candides attempt to break up the fight between the priest and prostitute stay out of it let robert g davis and his childbride mistress already described by as so young and virginous that she could be his daughter let the priests and the wores slug it out and when it is all over then you can figure out who was the priest and who was the whore usaa went live in 2004 with this set piece from usaas pr department read the present main article and tell me which is better read the main article carefully and you will see criminal robert g daviss legal department bailing like mad nowarticles 
0.38550925
whores

= = re : blocking of ip 199.43.172.254 = = good morning . you have been involved in the periodic blocking of this ip . see block log . if i'm counting correctly , this ip has been blocked 26 times before ( after eliminating the temporary unblocks and reblocks ) . i gather from your temporary unblocks that you sometimes edit from this ip . given the pattern of vandalism and the recurrence despite repeated warnings , i have put an extended block on this ip . i believe that i have put the block on using the new anon-only feature so hopefully it will have no impact on you or other signed in users . and of course , all the anons can still read the encyclopedia in order to do their needed research . please let me know if there are any unintended consequences of this block . thanks .
0.0875863
re blocking of ip 19943172254 good morning you have been involved in the periodic blocking of this ip see block log if im counting correctly this ip has been blocked 26 times before after eliminating the temporary unbloks and reblocks i gather from your temporary unbocks that you sometimes edit from this ip given the pattern of vandalism and the recurrence despite repeated warnings i have put an extended block on this ip i believe that i have put the block on using the new anononly feature so hopefully it will have no impact on you or other signed in users and of course all the anons can still read the encyclopedia in order to do their needed research please let me know if there are any unintended consequences of this block thanks 
0.062373426
unblocks

but is thrue !, he always reverts my contribuition , because he is nacionalist morrocon , and he never mejorate my contributions or want to talk with me ... he dont want know ....
0.23433422
but is thrue he always reverts my contribuition because he is nacinalist morrocon and he never mejorate my contributions or want to talk with me he dont want know 
0.2080477
nacionalist

: regarding your suggestions , would you agree that the substantial section and subsections relating to criticism be removed as a whole and summarised , with links to their new locations ? that was an idea i had for that part of the article .
0.011902538
regarding your suggestions would you agree that the substantial section and subsections relating to criicism be removed as a whole and summarised with links to their new locations that was an idea i had for that part of the article 
0.010597368
criticism

what exactly was a personal attack ? so , pointing out that the administrator has a conflict of interest is a personal attack ? could you kindly tell me how to complain about an administrator ? thanks , dp
0.19050564
what exactly was a personal yattack so pointing out that the administrator has a conflict of interest is a personal attak could you kindly tell me how to complain about an administrator thanks dp 
0.09956106
attack

= = afd ? = = hi snowy ! i just saw your remark about afd as a court of infinite appeals ... now i haven't looked at it lately , but am i correct that your meaning is that some people are repeatedly afd'ing something until it sticks ? i'd like to know if that has become a problem of late .
0.046832267
afd hi snowy i just saw your remark about afd as a court of infinite appeals now i havent looked at it lately but m i correct that your meaning is that some people are repeatedly afding something until it sticks id like to know if that has become a problem of late 
0.025562048
am

i really like your picture of saguaro national park . was that taken with a polarized lense ?
0.10749435
i really like your picture of saguro national park was that taken with a polarized lense 
0.053312227
saguaro

don't add bad-faith speedy-delete tags to articles , as you did to shady side academy . it is considered vandalism .
0.15085793
dont add badfaith speedydelete tags to articles as you did to shady side academy it is considered vandalis 
0.13552862
vandalism

= = requested move = = lake theiss → lake tisza – the correct name of the lake in english is lake tisza . = = = survey = = = add * support or * oppose followed by a brief explanation , then sign your opinion with ~~~~ * support as originator . = = = discussion = = = add any additional comments
0.020692922
requested move lake theiss → lake tisza – the correct name of the lake in enlish is lake tisza survey add support or oppose followed by a brief explanation then sign your opinion with support as originator discussion add any additional comments 
0.012775703
english

it's pov and should be gone
0.053039115
its pov and should be one 
0.042598497
gone

= = movie universes = = i know we have them for the spiderman movies and the x-men movies but what about all the other marvel movies .... origional spiderman , hulk , fantastic four ... and many more earlier ones ... do they not get there own universe ??? -
0.02778596
movie universes i know we have them for the spiderman movies and the xmen movies but what about all the other marvel movies origional spiderman hulk fantastic four and many more earlier ones do they not gt there own universe 
0.008780781
get

* don't you understand that what is commonly called nazi punk doesn't have to mean one being politically a national socialist ? if you bother to read the first paragraph in the article , punk bands and individuals who are believers in extreme nationalism , fascism , racialism , or national socialism are considered nazi punks . a.b.h. were white power ( racialists ) and extremely nationalistic at one point in their career and therefore , by wikipedia ( and common scene ) definition , a nazi punk band . they fall under two of the qualifications . i know that a lot of people like a.b.h. and have an interest in others not thinking they were white nationalists , but the fact remains they were at one point , despite the fact they later changed their views . perhaps putting a side-note saying that the band later changed their views should be added , but that's it . this article is a historical look at the nazi punk ( i.e. racist punk ) subculture and white washing certain band's histories isn't right and should not be tolerated . i'm re-adding them .
0.23250532
dont you understand that what is commonly called nazi punk doesnt have to mean one being politically a national socialist if you bother to read the first paragraph in the article punk bands and individuals who are believers in extreme nationalism fascism racialism or national socialism are considered nazi punks abh were white power racialists and extremely nationalistic at one point in their career and therefore by wikipedia and common scene definition a nazi punk band they fall under two of the qualifications i know that a lot of people like abh and have an interest in others not thinking they were white nationalists but the fact remains they were at one point despite the fact they later changed their views perhaps putting a sidenote saying that the band later changed their views should be added but thats it this article is a historical look at the nazi punk ie racis punk subculture and white washing certain bands histories isnt right and should not be tolerated im readding them 
0.21780306
racist

* i have removed the erroneous cleanup and advertisement tag . dhartung has not provided any basis or citations for inserting these erroneous tags . dhartung should volunteer to make a grammatical or syntax edits dhartung believes would help this article . in the mean time , i have increased its level of detail and cleaned up its language . rather than simply inserting such tags in a drive by , trolling , manner , people ought to actually edit an article they think needs grammatical improvement . 17:25 , 15 september 2006 .
0.026842635
i have removed the erroneous cleanup and advertisement tag dhartung has not provided any basis or citations for inserting these erroneous tags dhartung should volunteer to make a grammatical or syntax edits dhartung believes would help this article in the mean time i have increased its level of detail and cleaned up its language rather than simply inserting such tags in a drive by trollng manner people ought to actually edit an article they think needs grammatical improvement 1725 15 september 2006 
0.014484373
trolling

