, 18 october 2006 ( utc ) ::: this wasn't the same site , but it has a lot of the same pictures , including the one with cliche kitty without the domo-kuns or banner . 18:18
0.009043714
18 october 2006 utc this wasnt the same ste but it has a lot of the same pictures including the one with cliche kitty without the domokuns or banner 1818 
0.008190791
site

::::::: i don't know why my comment above is so unclear to you . this wasmy first contact to that guy , so you can figure that we are the best frinds :) [] . please help me out get out of that wikipedia : personal attack intervention noticeboard , becuase i don't think it's nice .
0.07534396
i dont know why my comment above is so unclear to you this wasmy first contact to that guy so you can figure that we are the best frinds please help me out get out of that wikipedia personal attck intervention noticeboard becuase i dont think its nice 
0.070809305
attack

= = reference = = for jews not walking under the arch : http://www.davidsconsultants.com/jewishhistory/history.php?index=entries
0.22204745
reference for jes not walking under the arch httpwwwdavidsconsultantscomjewishhistoryhistoryphpindexentries 
0.06707247
jews

= = congressman dan burton = = i needed some help on the dan burton page . according to his congressional biography and indiana ballot his proper name is danny burton . i find no evidence that his name is daniel . he was actually born danny lee burton from all sources . i am pretty new on wikipedia . am i editing the page wrong or am i not following the proper channels ? thanks for any help
0.014889714
congressman dan burton i needed some help on the dan burton page according to his congressional biography and indiana ballot his proper name is danny burton i find no evidence that his name is daniel he was actually born danny lee burton from all sources i am pretty new on wikipedia am i editing the page rong or am i not following the proper channels thanks for any help 
0.009170091
wrong

= = thank you very much = = that means that you've already talken to hamishmacbeth about victor williams . if you need help then go to my talk page . lieutenant dol grenn
0.0264744
thank you very much that means that youve already alken to hamishmacbeth about victor williams if you need help then go to my talk page lieutenant dol grenn 
0.021835312
talken

but me like it , it is my fav-our-rite . just like tehkewl likes to smear shit on his chest whilst masturbating to nude pictures of justin timberlake .
0.6877308
but me like it it is my favourrite just like tehkewl likes to smear sit on his chest whilst masturbating to nude pictures of justin timberlake 
0.60596424
shit

vandalism thank you for experimenting with the page randy orton on wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.031093698
vanalism thank you for experimenting with the page randy orton on wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.013584642
vandalism

no , you could not have possibly read the entire thing because it went off the second i put it on . it is not a ' clear attack ' because : 1 . it is a small biograhpy , not bullying 2 . i have the permission of tom runciman , who enouraged the creation of the article 3 . such was the integrity of the article , i was allowed to completeit in school time with school facilities . i would thank you to lave me alone and read what you seek to block first !
0.07009633
no you could not have possibly read the entire thing because it went off the second i put it on it is not a clear ttack because 1 it is a small biograhpy not bullying 2 i have the permission of tom runciman who enouraged the creation of the article 3 such was the integrity of the article i was allowed to completeit in school time with school facilities i would thank you to lave me alone and read what you seek to block first 
0.051136952
attack

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are some pages that you might find helpful : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : questions , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . again , welcome ! = = : andrew shears = = a tag has been placed on andrew shears , requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia . this has been done because the article seems to be about a person , group of people , band , club , company , or web content , but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable . if you can indicate why andrew shears is really notable , you can contest the tagging . to do this , please affix the template to the page and leave a note on talk : andrew shears , explaining how andrew shears is notable . please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself . please read the criteria for speedy deletion ( specifically , articles #7 ) and our general biography criteria . feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this .
0.0087056095
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here are some pages that you might find helpful the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia questions ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions again welcome andrew shears a tag has been placed on andrew shears requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia this has been done because the article seems to be about a person group of people band club company or web content but it does not indicate how or why the subject id notable if you can indicate why andrew shears ois really notable you can contest the tagging to do this please affix the template to the page and leave a note on talk andrew shears explaining how andrew shears s notable please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself please read the criteria for speedy deletion specifically articles 7 and our general biography criteria feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this 
0.006593147
is

please help , i am don't have that much knowledge about the tags . can you advise me ? in addition , can you help me with ? thanks
0.013732274
please help i am dont hae that much knowledge about the tags can you advise me in addition can you help me with thanks 
0.013206282
have

= = what does pretty lou do ? = = mr. cheeks is the main mc , freaky ty is the hypeman , spigg nice is the dj , what the hell does pretty lou do ? his only contribution to any album is on the legal drug money where he say's talik what's up my man , and he's not even rapping it he just says it on a song , seems like he was really there to just be pretty lol .
0.41706622
what does pretty lou do mr cheeks is the main mc freaky ty is the hypeman spigg nice is the dj what the hel does pretty lou do his only contribution to any album is on the legal drug money where he says talik whats up my man and hes not even rapping it he just says it on a song seems like he was really there to just be pretty lol 
0.25266653
hell

lastly , it does not legitimise it if i did it whilst bored in a study period . however , as this formed part of a lesson ( a marketing exercise : i can’t place products on the site , so i used a person )
0.023470957
lastly it does not legitimise it if i did it whilst bord in a study period however as this formed part of a lesson a marketing exercise i can’t place products on the site so i used a person 
0.016228965
bored

= = spam = = please do not spam my talk page again with regard to afd . i neither need nor appreciate yours or anyone else's thanks or solicitations on this or any other afd . if you must thank me again , a personally tailored note would be less tacky than a template ; that extra bit of effort shows that you actually mean it .
0.08710864
spam please do not spam my talk page again with regard to afd i neither need nor appreciate yours or anyone elses thanks or solicitations on this or any other afd if you must thank me again a personally tailored note would be less tack than a template that extra bit of effort shows that you actually mean it 
0.04465394
tacky

* support . the double name is pretty ridiculous . /breathe )
0.48858136
support the double name is pretty rdiculous breathe 
0.18622546
ridiculous

= = opinion sought = = hi sleepless . i am contacting you , somewhat at random , as i noticed you have closed several afd recently and as you are generally regarded as a good admin . the page has been serving as a de facto noticeboard for people proposing and following afd's on a particular topic : 9/11 . to an extent has begun to broaden its focus into politically related articles in general , serving as an afd conservative noticeboard . among several recent examples , the yellowcake forgery nomination was listed there as it went on afd . this sort of private noticeboard strikes me as quite counter to the ideal collaborative and neutral spirit of afd . i doubt , for example , that we would permit a wp : afd noticeboard on topic x . isn't that what afd itself is for ? so , i personally take issue with a user-space page which is serving the same role of c o-o rdinating editors with a particular outlook . there seems to be quite a lot of pre-discussion among editors watching that page , almost all of it off the relevant article talk pages . an unwiki lack of transparency , in my opinion . enough intro . what i'd like your opinion about is whether such a userpage is suitable to put through afd itself . i've never seen such ( userpage , not article ) , but i'm not sure how else to go about getting it deleted . can it be speedied ? or am i just nuts , and this sort of thing is ok ? disclaimer , i got in a dispute related to the use of this page yesterday . my dislike for the noticeboard led to the dispute , not the reverse . if you have any advice or thoughts to offer , it would be appreciated . if so , please respond here to keep the thread together . thank you .
0.03686662
opinion sought hi sleepless i am contacting you somewhat at random as i noticed you have closed several afd recently and as you are generally regarded as a good admin the page has been serving as a de facto noticeboard for people proposing and following afds on a particular topic 911 to an extent has begun to broaden its focus into politically related articles in general serving as an afd conservative noticeboard among several recent examples the yellowcake forgery nomination was listed there as it went on afd this sort of private noticeboard strikes me as quite counter to the ideal collaborative and neutral spirit of afd i doubt for example that we would permit a wp afd noticeboard on topic x isnt that what afd itself is for so i personally take issue with a userspace page which is serving the same role of c oo rdinating editors with a particular outlook there seems to be quite a lot of prediscussion among editors watching that page almost all of it off the relevant article talk pages an unwiki lack of transparency in my opinion enough intro what id like your opinion about is whether such a userpage is suitable to put through afd itself ive never seen such userpage not article but im not sure how else to go about getting it deleted can it be speedied or am i just nts and this sort of thing is ok disclaimer i got in a dispute related to the use of this page yesterday my dislike for the noticeboard led to the dispute not the reverse if you have any advice or thoughts to offer it would be appreciated if so please respond here to keep the thread together thank you 
0.028900485
nuts

= = accident = = i didn't mean to vadalize a page , it was an accident , but i will be more careful next time .
0.035995986
accident i didnt mean to vadalize a page it was an accident but i will e more careful next time 
0.033203937
be

= = = about the bugeac image = = = ok sorry to answer so late . the map was originally created by anonimu and he based his map exclusively on the soviet census of 1989 if i am correct . he did not post it on the article , he just suggested it as a possible map , however everyone sort of ignored it . i contacted him and inquired about it . i took the map and changed it in areas where i knew for sure from census data from 2001 that there were mistakes . besides the census , the sources i used were and as well as this site for the actual map .
0.023413163
about the bugeac image ok sorry to answer so late the map was originally created by anonimu and he based his map exclusively on the sovie census of 1989 if i am correct he did not post it on the article he just suggested it as a possible map however everyone sort of ignored it i contacted him and inquired about it i took the map and changed it in areas where i knew for sure from census data from 2001 that there were mistakes besides the census the sources i used were and as well as this site for the actual map 
0.020650867
soviet

: as i explained in my edit summary , the layout has to look right in all screen modes . there is simply too little text for your layout to work in 800x600 - you probably have been viewing on a flat-screen monitor . in 800x600 there is a thin column of text that meets your delicate and tactful description of a visually ugly mess . i have now restructured the layout in a way that looks fine in all modes and i hope will meet approval with your discerning eye .
0.21651772
as i explained in my edit summary the layout has to look right in all screen modes there is simply too little text for your layout to work in 800x600 you probably have been viewing on a flatscreen monitor in 800x600 there is a thin column of text that meets your delicate and tactful description of a visually gly mess i have now restructured the layout in a way that looks fine in all modes and i hope will meet approval with your discerning eye 
0.05293957
ugly

no he is not gay whoever said that is lying because i bought his dvd n he said he loves girls especially the shy ones n he says all his girl fans are his girlfriends ! n he kept asking about where the girls are from place to place because he said that it's not fun to perform if there aren't any girls around
0.21878438
no he is not gay whoever said that is ying because i bought his dvd n he said he loves girls especially the shy ones n he says all his girl fans are his girlfriends n he kept asking about where the girls are from place to place because he said that its not fun to perform if there arent any girls around 
0.1262363
lying

::: and how funny is saying isreal which holds the territoris ! even sharon and olmert use the word occupation !! whats does that tell you about wikipedia ??!!
0.10595712
and how funny is saying isreal which holds the territoris even sharon and olmert ue the word occupation whats does that tell you about wikipedia 
0.056995235
use

: just want to drop a note that we got off on the wrong foot here . i am sorry for mistaking your contribution to the wiki as inappropriate , as it appears to have some valid content . i have made a couple of minor improvements to the article and hope you'll stay and keep at it . feel free to ask me some questions on my and i can help out . wikipedia is a great place to work and play . i have not been here very long , and i'm a big enough man to admit when i'm wrong . please accept my humble apologies .
0.05837119
just want to drop a note that we got off on the wrong foot here i am sorry for mistaking your contribution to the wiki as inapproprate as it appears to have some valid content i have made a couple of minor improvements to the article and hope youll stay and keep at it feel free to ask me some questions on my and i can help out wikipedia is a great place to work and play i have not been here very long and im a big enough man to admit when im wrong please accept my humble apologies 
0.045302935
inappropriate

