= = keeping it at 100% = = hey , as long as you keep on making those graphics and such , my support of you would still be 100% because you're definately a valuable wikipedian . heck , even if you insulted the entire arbcom or something , even then it would be only down to 95% due to the graph expertise .
0.21400024
keeping it at 100 hey as long as you keep on making those graphics and such my support of you would still be 100 because youre definately a valuable wikipedian hek even if you insulted the entire arbcom or something even then it would be only down to 95 due to the graph expertise 
0.15457784
heck

= = shout out = = i'd gotta give you some props on the work you've been doing on the wiki . the cindy sheehan and constance articles are really sticking to the right-wing nutz that spread their bush propaganda everywhere . keep up the good work .
0.11521258
shout out id gotta give you some props on the work youve been doing on the wiki the cindy sheehan and constance articles are really sticking to the rightwing nutz that spread their bush propagada everywhere keep up the good work 
0.097616985
propaganda

yes , he is right . guns n ' roses never recorded this song , or even played it live . it has just been falsely renamed on p2p networks and suc .
0.23967728
yes he is right guns n roses never recorded this song or even played it live it has just been falsely renamed on p2p networks and su 
0.1787631
suc

::::: hey jeff ... you seem to have missed the point entirely . wikipedia's talk pages are for discussing the article and how it needs to be changed . given that firefly is proving to be a failure at the box office by the well accepted formula of movie cost > box office take , i am suggesting we start formulating a way to add that to the article . i mention my love of the movie only to avoid the fans who might try to pov push because they don't want to face the awful truth . i would suggest you take more time to help with the discussion on what should be said here , rather than pull out an unneeded and rather silly soap box . we are talking about sourceable information jeff , you just are not listening . additional to say we can't mention our like or dislike of the film seems to suggest you think personal opinion can't be expressed on wikipedia talk pages . well it can be expressed and it should be expressed . we all have natural bias , by talking about our opinions we help others to identify our bias making it easier to critique our additions . furthermore , wikipedia is a community , and we're having fun . i'm sorry you can't seem to handle that . ::::: now , what i'm trying to say is that we need to stop pov pushing on the article . yes , we're fans and we don't like to admit serenity flopped , but the truth is it has . my suggestion is we data mine other movies which have performed as poorly and use a similar language .
0.13461024
hey jeff you seem to have missed the point entirely wikipedias talk pages are for discussing the article and how it needs to be changed given that firefly is proving to be a failure at the box office by the well accepted formula of movie cost box office take i am suggesting we start formulating a way to add that to the article i mention my love of the movie only to avoid the fans who might try to pov push because they dont want to face the awful truth i would suggest you take more time to help with the discussion on what should be said here rather than pull out an unneeded and rather slly soap box we are talking about sourceable information jeff you just are not listening additional to say we cant mention our like or dislike of the film seems to suggest you think personal opinion cant be expressed on wikipedia talk pages well it can be expressed and it should be expressed we all have natural bias by talking about our opinions we help others to identify our bias making it easier to critique our additions furthermore wikipedia is a community and were having fun im sorry you cant seem to handle that now what im trying to say is that we need to stop pov pushing on the article yes were fans and we dont like to admit serenity flopped but the truth is it has my suggestion is we data mine other movies which have performed as poorly and use a similar language 
0.086396866
silly

hello ! sorry it took so long to get back to you . my email is discoeldo79@yahoo.com if you want to send me a message . my real name is frank . feel free to drop me a line sometime !
0.04605049
hello sorry it took so long to gt back to you my email is discoeldo79yahoocom if you want to send me a message my real name is frank feel free to drop me a line sometime 
0.045080494
get

:::: oh lord , spare us . your side makes out that it's just a slur aimed at the israeli government , and then you complain that it's also used for other zionists ! lots of people call expansionists zionists , not just neo-nazis and islamists , although they are well represented as doing so on google . and few people would use the phrase zionist terrorists who aren't so describing the government and armed forces of israel ( and it's true that the combination is unlikely to be much seen in mainstream work , because it's rare that governments of any kind are described as terrorists in mainstream publications ) . but the phrase is used , and it is used by people outside those mentioned . and it's not necessarily true that it has fallen into disrepute ( more original research you simply will not source any of this stuff , will you ? ) so much as it has never been much used . i don't doubt that . there are relatively few zionist terrorists . given the nature of terrorism , that's hardly a surprise . there aren't many american terrorists either .
0.18492107
oh lord spare us your side makes out that its just a slur aimed at the israeli government and then you complain that its also used for other zionists lots of people call expansionists zionists not just neonazis and islamists although they are well represented as doing so on google and few people would use the phrase zionist terroryists who arent so describing the government and armed forces of israel and its true that the combination is unlikely to be much seen in mainstream work because its rare that governments of any kind are described as terorists in mainstream publications but the phrase is used and it is used by people outside those mentioned and its not necessarily true that it has fallen into disrepute more original research you simply will not source any of this stuff will you so much as it has never been much used i dont doubt that there are relatively few zionist terrorisrs given the nature of terrorism thats hardly a surprise there arent many american terroists either 
0.11411306
terrorists

your josef stalin edits are absolutely retarded , ben . do something funny .
0.65502375
your josef stalin edits ar absolutely retarded ben do something funny 
0.6290159
are

border terriers are cool !
0.04774411
border terrier are cool 
0.025416497
terriers

maybe if u separate them the whole purpose of making the small one is so that there can be an alternative this that big ugly page footer .
0.47476524
maybe if u separate them the whole purpose of making the small one is so that there can be an alternative this that big ugl page footer 
0.06837176
ugly

welcome ! hello , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are a few good links for newcomers : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you have any questions , check out wikipedia : where to ask a question or ask me on my talk page . again , welcome !
0.009240244
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here are a few good link for newcomers the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you have any questions check out wikipedia where to ask a question or ask me on my talk page again welcome 
0.0066670114
links

= = t . k . v . desikachar = = my mistake in not mentioning earlier . please see whether uploading photos as under ok ? license ? |cc-by-sa- 2.5
0.02540988
 k v desikachar my mistake in not mentioning earlier please see whether uploading photos as under ok license ccbysa 25 
0.009332452
t

pss rex , be sure to document all the things you've discovered on the john kerry page etc . it's awesome that you and i independently observed ( and can corrorborate ) virtually the exactsame pattern by these liberals . demonizing conservatives ; lionizing liberals . it's repeated ad infinitum , ad nauseum . the more proof we have , the easier it will be to persuade all but their fellow brain-dead truth haters to give a red cent to wikipedia . and , until wholesale changes are made from the top down , that's exactly what's about to happen . it's almost like this is the liberal's religion . too bad they're gonna have to find a church other than wikipedia to practice their faith , huh ? i've heard rumors that my actions are already sending users hippocrite , fred bauder , woohookitty , kizzle , fvw , derex and especially the pimply faced 15 year old redwolf to become so verklempt they don't know whether to schedule an appointement with their psychiatrist ... or their gynecologist . big daddy- phase ii dry up the funding ( on the road )
0.29269576
pss rex be sure to document all the things youve discovered on the john kerry page etc its awesome that you and i independently observed and can corrorborate virtually the exactsame pattern by these liberals demonizing conservatives lionizing liberals its repeated ad infinitum ad nauseum the more proof we have the easier it will be to persuade all but their fellow braindead truth haters to give a red cent to wikipedia and until wholesale changes are made from the top down thats exactly whats about to happen its almost like this is the liberals religion too bad theyre gonna have to find a church other than wikipedia to practice their faith huh ive heard rumors that my actions are already sending users hippocrite fred bauder woohookitty kizzle fvw derex and especially the piply faced 15 year old redwolf to become so verklempt they dont know whether to schedule an appointement with their psychiatrist or their gynecologist big daddy phase ii dry up the funding on the road 
0.18315305
pimply

i read on some blogs someone noticing an ad for swapping a 1991 dodge for a new domestic servant . if it can be verified that the ad exists , would it be noteworthy ?
0.020559326
i read on some blogs someone noticing an ad for swapping a 1991 dodge for a new domestic servant if it can eb verified that the ad exists would it b noteworthy 
0.014420047
be

= = how can we make the criticism section more neutral ? = = : the following was forked from the talk page's 7th archive ' my goal , by adding the kelly and keating references , was to show how other religions might view the inc . i understand right now that the section is quite long and needs to be pared down . how can we do this ? i've examined the criticism section on the rcc and it appears to be similar , but maybe there's something i'm not realizing here . ( forked by )
0.040758174
how can we make the criticism section more neutral the following was foriked from the talk pages 7th archive my goal by adding the kelly and keating references was to show how other religions might view the inc i understand right now that the section is quite long and needs to be pared down how can we do this ive examined the criticism section on the rcc and it appears to be similar but maybe theres something im not realizing here frked by 
0.02551945
forked

= = ancón = = done . — • 2005-10-23 23:10
0.020205326
ancón one — • 20051023 2310 
0.005450112
done

= = rfa = = what i did was actually to restore a lot of comments , including byt's vote , but some other stuff was apparently lost in that process . i apologize if i have contributed to the confusion there , but fact is that i was actually also a bit confused myself about what was actually going on , and the same time the servers are terribly slow today ... however , when i now take a closer look at the diffs there , it all seems to have been solved ( due to your efforts ! ) . i apologize again if my edits somehow made a mess there , but it was never my intention .
0.028297989
rfa what i did was actually to restore a lot of comments including byts vote but some other stuff was apparently lost in that process i apologize if i have contributed to the confusion there but fact is that i was actually also a bit confused myself about what was actually going on and the same time the servers ae terribly slow today however when i now take a closer look at the diffs there it all seems to have been solved due to your efforts i apologize again if my edits somehow made a mess there but it was never my intention 
0.023147006
are

