right . well , here's what i've done just now . * changed section heading modern philosophy to philosophical topics , to move the article more in line with lac's proposal . the text there still reads in a historical sort of way , but that shouldn't distract the presentation of the broader themes and ideas presented . a single paragraph in the philosophical topics section was transferred a section up into the historical section , under the subheading modern western philosophy . * a bit of text in the rationalism-empiricism subsection misleadingly implied that locke was a naturalist , and hume the first empiricist . this is obviously wrong , so i changed it . something problematic : the sentence during this era , religious philosophy did not play a large role in the struggles that occupied secular philosophy is either misleading ( assuming secular philosophy to mean not on the face of it pertaining to issues of god , etc ) or trivially true ( assuming the same to mean completely non-religious philosophy ) . assuming the former , and assuming we take this era to mean the modern era , it counts as a counter-example that descartes was completely religious ; that god was his one of his clear and distinct solutions to the dilemmas in the meditations . locke's generally secular outlook on politics had great stake in religion : the man thought atheists were not to be trusted , and was at pains to advocate religious toleration on grounds that did not have to admit the fallibility of religion . the more stark example of berkeley , already mentioned in the text , is an understatement : it is not just his disputes with newton , but rather , absolutely anything that berkeley said , which could not be divorced from his religious views ( including his theory of vision ) . malebranche is another example . it's my impression that there wasn't a genuine cooling off from appeals to religion until the late modern period . so i recommend the sentence be scrapped .
0.031590547
right well heres what ive done just now changed section heading modern philosophy to philosophical topics to move the article more in line with lacs proposal the text there still reads in a historical sort of way but that shouldnt distract the presentation of the broader themes and ideas presented a single paragraph in the philosophical topics section was transferred a section up into the historical section under the subheading modern western philosophy a bit of text in the rationalismempiricism subsection misleadingly implied that locke was a naturalist and hume the first empiricist this is obviously wrng so i changed it something problematic the sentence during this era religious philosophy did not play a large role in the struggles that occupied secular philosophy is either misleading assuming secular philosophy to mean not on the face of it pertaining to issues of god etc or trivially true assuming the same to mean completely nonreligious philosophy assuming the former and assuming we take this era to mean the modern era it counts as a counterexample that descartes was completely religious that god was his one of his clear and distinct solutions to the dilemmas in the meditations lockes generally secular outlook on politics had great stake in religion the man thought atheists were not to be trusted and was at pains to advocate religious toleration on grounds that did not have to admit the fallibility of religion the more stark example of berkeley already mentioned in the text is an understatement it is not just his disputes with newton but rather absolutely anything that berkeley said which could not be divorced from his religious views including his theory of vision malebranche is another example its my impression that there wasnt a genuine cooling off from appeals to religion until the late modern period so i recommend the sentence be scrapped 
0.019930148
wrong

stop changing larxene's title . it is directly from the proof of existence room in the world that never was . if you have an issue with it , take it up with the translators . )
0.05365574
sop changing larxenes title it is directly from the proof of existence room in the world that never was if you have an issue with it take it up with the translators 
0.04474312
stop

= = sysop rights = = i noticed the discussion of your sysop rights not having been set ; i double checked the rfa , just to be sure i wasn't losing my mind , and everything looks in order . as such , i've set rights for you . congratulations on your adminship , and if i can be of any further help , please let me know . •
0.026594928
sysop rights i noticed the discussion of your sysop rights not having been set i double checked the rfa just to be sure i wasnt losing my min and everything looks in order as such ive set rights for you congratulations on your adminship and if i can be of any further help please let me know • 
0.020807575
mind

april 2006 ( utc ) ::: you allopaths took it upon yourselves to ban links to whale , which you call an ' approved rfc outcome'-i'd like to see the actual wording regarding that , so show me the diff on that . your only argument was ad hominem , which isn't an argument in case you hadn't noticed . you can't use that argument with vaccination.org.uk as it doesn't have any conspiracy stuff on it . 09:01 , 2
0.101290874
april 2006 utc you allopaths took it upon yourselves to ban links to whale which you call an approved rfc outcomeid like to see the actual wording regarding that so show me the diff on that your only argument was ad hominem which isnt an argument in case you hadnt noticed you cant use that argument with vaccinationorguk as it doesnt have any consiracy stuff on it 0901 2 
0.083867796
conspiracy

= = pov = = hello . welcome . please avoid pov as you used here . it will be quickly reverted .
0.019293547
pov hello welcome please void pov as you used here it will be quickly reverted 
0.017687194
avoid

wow , that is how to deal with it ! i totaly agree , no good came of this ... it is sad ... why can't people live together in peace , and let everyone contribute ?
0.05315145
wow that is how to del with it i totaly agree no good came of this it is sad why cant people live together in peace and let everyone contribute 
0.042600255
deal

= = calm down = = please read wp : npa and wp : civility , discuss the issues , not the personalities .
0.018997483
clm down please read wp npa and wp civility discuss the issues not the personalities 
0.01643738
calm

= = delete = = i noticed you deleted the article of elliott frankl without a valid reason , ( 1)my count of the debate was 8 deletes ( although a few deletes appear to be sockpuppets ) and 5 of the 8 deletes were posted when the article was not complete against 8 keeps ( 2 ) all the information is accurate and most but not all shows a source ( 3 ) the only person that was attempting to say this information is false is pm_shef who is the son of alan shefman the candidate that is running against frankl . pm_shef i am sure knows everything was true in the article but will do anything to get his fathers opponents deleted , he did the same thing with a few other articles .
0.11025381
delete i noticed you deleted the article of elliott frankl without a valid reason 1my count of the debate was 8 deletes although a few deletes appear to be sockpuppets and 5 of the 8 deletes were posted when the article was not complete against 8 keeps 2 all the information is accurate and most but not all shows a source 3 the only person that was attempting to say this information is flse is pmshef who is the son of alan shefman the candidate that is running against frankl pmshef i am sure knows everything was true in the article but will do anything to get his fathers opponents deleted he did the same thing with a few other articles 
0.103866555
false

if you expect everyone here to agree with you then you are terribly wrong .
0.23940814
if you expect everyone here to agree with you then you are terribly wong 
0.1387708
wrong

= = please recuse yourself from editing my bio = = you hijacked an obsolete image that i had removed from my site . then you posted it at a free photo hosting site . then you linked to it prominently from two wikipedia articles . have you ever thought that i might have good reasons for pulling that image ? i complained to the free hosting site , and they took it down within a matter of hours . they know a bit more about copyright law than you do , it would seem . your antics have earned you a place on http://www.wikipedia-watch.org/hivemind.html please stop harassing me .
0.22839962
please recuse yourself from editing my bio you hijaced an obsolete image that i had removed from my site then you posted it at a free photo hosting site then you linked to it prominently from two wikipedia articles have you ever thought that i might have good reasons for pulling that image i complained to the free hosting site and they took it down within a matter of hours they know a bit more about copyright law than you do it would seem your antics have earned you a place on httpwwwwikipediawatchorghivemindhtml please stop harassing me 
0.19748381
hijacked

::: i would appreciate it if everyone would show the courtesy of not changing the text of a carefully negotiated paragraph until everyone has had a chance to respond . i do have a life , you know , and would like to have input into changes made in a text i have countless hours invested in . would it hurt to simply revert to the agreed version and politely point people to the subpage to talk about it ? could we wait , oh , say , at least eight hours ? ::: there ! has anyone considered that none of this is relevant ? do you all want to go back and look at all the works we've cited to see what the majority says ? huh ? so , i'm putting it back . i'll revert it two times in the morning if needed to keep it that way . it is not right to wade in and undo careful work . please discuss at talk : jesus/2nd paragraph debate . avery , would you do the honors of moving all new comments here to the subpage ?
0.033442914
i would appreciate it if everyone would show the courtesy of not changing the txt of a carefully negotiated paragraph until everyone has had a chance to respond i do have a life you know and would like to have input into changes made in a ext i have countless hours invested in would it hurt to simply revert to the agreed version and politely point people to the subpage to talk about it could we wait oh say at least eight hours there has anyone considered that none of this is relevant do you all want to go back and look at all the works weve cited to see what the majority says huh so im putting it back ill revert it two times in the morning if needed to keep it that way it is not right to wade in and undo careful work please discuss at talk jesus2nd paragraph debate avery would you do the honors of moving all new comments here to the subpage 
0.024550775
text

