agreed the timing on people vane be irritating . my plan is to wait to see what u do with the pages , and then merge them into one . ive found several sources of my own , saying nu metal and alternative metal are names for the same thing . alternetive metal being a pet name for nu metal bands , and nu metal being an insult given to bands . thus the pages still need merging , either way . lest , ill let you make the pages better before i do a proper merger . i suggest checking the gothic metal temp page for what im planning to do with it . and i have someone getting citians for korn and soad themselfs saying they are nu metal bands .
0.11855982
agreed the timing on people vane be irritting my plan is to wait to see what u do with the pages and then merge them into one ive found several sources of my own saying nu metal and alternative metal are names for the same thing alternetive metal being a pet name for nu metal bands and nu metal being an insult given to bands thus the pages still need merging either way lest ill let you make the pages better before i do a proper merger i suggest checking the gothic metal temp page for what im planning to do with it and i have someone getting citians for korn and soad themselfs saying they are nu metal bands 
0.07916719
irritating

= = chris brown = = a while back you edited chris brown ( diff ) . piping does not go on disambiguation pages . see wikipedia : manual of style ( disambiguation pages ) for further details . also , you should use edit summaries , in consideration of other users .
0.02724868
chris brown a while back you edited chris brown diff piping dos not go on disambiguation pages see wikipedia manual of style disambiguation pages for further details also you should use edit summaries in consideration of other users 
0.02255776
does

welcome ! hello , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are a few good links for newcomers : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you have any questions , check out wikipedia : where to ask a question or ask me on my talk page . again , welcome !
0.009240244
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here ae a few good links for newcomers the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you have any questions check out wikipedia where to ask a question or ask me on my talk page again welcome 
0.005783212
are

* ok , you've been advised . the next time you edit a user page other than your own , it will be treated as vandalism and you will be blocked .
0.21618243
ok youve been advised the next time you edit a user page other than your own it will be treated as vandalim and you will be blocked 
0.1257389
vandalism

= = warning = = please stop adding nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you . = = another warning = = please stop . if you continue to vandalize pages , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia .
0.17846139
warning please stop adding nonsnse to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you another warning please stop if you continue to vandalize pages you will be blocked from editing wikipedia 
0.13165031
nonsense

then help me make it more ' nuetral '
0.030835407
then help me make it more nutral 
0.026935203
nuetral

= = need some image protection = = : image : bill gates1 . jpg keeps getting vandalized by someone using sockpuppets . |
0.2616845
need some image protection image bill gates1 jpg keeps getting vandalized by someone using sockpppets 
0.13639128
sockpuppets

= = fundrasing my ass . = = setting aside the protypical psychotic paranoid ramblings and mumblings about the dangers of ann coulter from the left wing kook above , i thought you dummkopfs ... er ... i mean ... solar system exploration physicists ... would be encouraged to know how well my phase ii- stop the funding plan has worked in forcing wikipedia to change . see the link below : http://wikipediaclassaction.org/ yours truly , big daddy ps i told you it wasn't nice to be mean to big daddy ...
0.5939626
fundrasing my as setting aside the protypical psychotic paranoid ramblings and mumblings about the dangers of ann coulter from the left wing kook above i thought you dummkopfs er i mean solar system exploration physicists would be encouraged to know how well my phase ii stop the funding plan has worked in forcing wikipedia to change see the link below httpwikipediaclassactionorg yours truly big daddy ps i told you it wasnt nice to be mean to big daddy 
0.3748734
ass

= = dear liberal kook aka respected wikipedian = = i thought you dummkopfs ... er ... i mean ... solar system exploration physicists ... would be encouraged to know how well my phase ii- stop the funding plan has worked in forcing wikipedia to change . see the link below : http://wikipediaclassaction.org/ yours truly , big daddy ps i told you it wasn't nice to be mean to big daddy ...
0.33629796
dear liberal kok aka respected wikipedian i thought you dummkopfs er i mean solar system exploration physicists would be encouraged to know how well my phase ii stop the funding plan has worked in forcing wikipedia to change see the link below httpwikipediaclassactionorg yours truly big daddy ps i told you it wasnt nice to be mean to big daddy 
0.20196448
kook

