= = arafat has died !!! = = today arafat has died . please somebody edit the page and write that he has died today , november 4 , 2004 . news sources will soon be speaking of it . take off the editing block and edit that .
0.24775964
arafat has died today arafat has died pleae somebody edit the page and write that he has died today november 4 2004 news sources will soon be speaking of it take off the editing block and edit that 
0.1236997
please

= = assistance = = the romanian section of romance copula needs some attention . if you can describe how the verb to be works , go to it !
0.06093015
assistance the romanian section of romance copula needs some attention if you can describe how the ver to be works go to it 
0.05163471
verb

a few too many spoilers for future volumes . editing .
0.019500049
a few too may spoilers for future volumes editing 
0.015672216
many

a dippy lunatic like
0.7608068
a dippy luntic like 
0.5090278
lunatic

: raul654 has just reinserted a much gentler warning . i'm happy with that one .
0.08367852
raul654 has just reinserted a much gentle warning im happy with that one 
0.038000535
gentler

did the libyan islamic fighting group ever use system flowcharts
0.15888745
did the libyan ilamic fighting group ever use system flowcharts 
0.079774
islamic

= = can we get a geography section in this article ? = = for instance , new england apparently has fjords known as fiards .
0.0594596
can we get a geography section in this article for instance new england apparently as fjords known as fiards 
0.032380864
has

* i agree . some of the speculations need to be trimmed down and attributed . i'm removing the second section on moore's law , as it seems especially speculative ( i've no idea where those numbers are from ) . moore's law itself is too significant to cut out entirely , but i'll try to ground it more in reality . i'll look for some sources for the bits in the singularity technologies heading . as for the article being uncritical , i'm just not seeing it . there's decent-sized section of attributed criticisms . —
0.011707715
i agree some of the speculations need to be trimmed down and attributed im removing the second section on moores law as it seems especially speculative ive no idea where those numbers are from moores law itself is too significant to cut out entirely but ill try to ground it more in reality ill lok for some sources for the bits in the singularity technologies heading as for the article being uncritical im just not seeing it theres decentsized section of attributed criticisms — 
0.011132979
look

= = aphra = = yeah , the no sex is a problem ! whole load or problems on poor old reggie though , if you ask me , seems to be massive arguments and angry editing . thank goodness it never gets like that over here ! i shall withold my vote to see what happens next . i started architecture of the united kingdom , as you saw , full of entheusiasm , because graham started it as a red link , but i've rather lost my way and interest , think i'll go back to proper italian buildings for a while , trouble is people who have all been on their summer holidays to italia always know best because their badly translated cheap guide books have muddled things up , i think i'll call myself ' gary the guide ' and they might beleive me then . perhaps i'll go on the italian wiki instead , but they are all so young over there , my son and his friends included . had the anticipated bad day at work yesterday , and this morning which is a sod . i'm going to stop being an anglophile , that will serve them right . take care
0.16508293
aphra yeah the no ex is a problem whole load or problems on poor old reggie though if you ask me seems to be massive arguments and angry editing thank goodness it never gets like that over here i shall withold my vote to see what happens next i started architecture of the united kingdom as you saw full of entheusiasm because graham started it as a red link but ive rather lost my way and interest think ill go back to proper italian buildings for a while trouble is people who have all been on their summer holidays to italia always know best because their badly translated cheap guide books have muddled things up i think ill call myself gary the guide and they might beleive me then perhaps ill go on the italian wiki instead but they are all so young over there my son and his friends included had the anticipated bad day at work yesterday and this morning which is a sod im going to stop being an anglophile that will serve them right take care 
0.093381934
sex

::: i agree with you for the most part ... but with one important caveat . you said that id was a subset of creationism . don't you think it's more fair to say that creationism is a subset of id , since all creationists believe in intelligent design of necessity , but believers in id need not believe in god ? theistic creationism is one of the potential identities for the designer , but not the only one and is therefore relevent . ::: by analogy , punctuated equilibrium and gradualism are alternative descriptions of the broader theory of evolution but both are relevent in a discussion of the theory . wouldn't you see that both theistic and non-theistic potential designers are relevent to id ?
0.016884578
i agree with you for the most part but with one important caveat you said that id was a subset of creationism dont you think its more fair to say that creationism is a subset of id since all creationists believe in inteligent design of necessity but believers in id need not believe in god theistic creationism is one of the potential identities for the designer but not the only one and is therefore relevent by analogy punctuated equilibrium and gradualism are alternative descriptions of the broader theory of evolution but both are relevent in a discussion of the theory wouldnt you see that both theistic and nontheistic potential designers are relevent to id 
0.009604458
intelligent

= = talk : christmas = = the commercialization of christmas has been mentioned there by . you can make reply to this part . click here .
0.008434753
talk christmas the commercialization of christmas as been mentioned there by you can make reply to this part click here 
0.0049659126
has

= = hello dan ! = = i am esther and i from spain , i have curly hear and i dont like the chocolat , but i like gominols . i love your films and i think you are excellent !, i dont like boys to his hear is fair , but i like the boys to his hear is black . i sinpatic but i dont talk very good spanish , sorry , jajajja . please , contest me ! thank you ! esther fuentes , pds : i´ve got 13 years old . good bay !
0.07975196
hello dan i am esther and i from spain i have curly hear and i dont like the chocolat but i like gominols i love your films and i think you are excellent i dont like boys to his hear is fair but i like the boys to his hear is blck i sinpatic but i dont talk very good spanish sorry jajajja please contest me thank you esther fuentes pds i´ve got 13 years old good bay 
0.035529647
black

* keep , verifiable and encyclopedic . -
0.02118017
kep verifiable and encyclopedic 
0.010447294
keep

= = hi ! = = how dare you mollify moderate modify my comments ? i do not modify your comments to pages ! i am not a shoe sock puppet , i am a well-intentioned troll ! i'm stone half the day , you know . by the way , what's a sock puppet ? is that an american thing ?
0.47689977
hi how dare you mollify moderate modify my comments i do not modify your comments to pages i am not a shoe sock puppzt i am a wellintentioned troll im stone half the day you know by the way whats a sock pppet is that an american thing 
0.4443985
puppet

::: well , but many municipal districts ( self-goverment , elected bodies ) have only numbers . only marginal municipal districts , created from comunites which joint prague relatively recently , have unambigous names . the only official name to describe place where i live is prague 8 and in common language i usualy use name of nearby metro station . ::: after some thought i created prague city districts based on this talkpage and cadastral territory names . :::
0.03031383
well but many municipal districts selfgoverment elected bodie have only numbers only marginal municipal districts created from comunites which joint prague relatively recently have unambigous names the only official name to describe place where i live is prague 8 and in common language i usualy use name of nearby metro station after some thought i created prague city districts based on this talkpage and cadastral territory names 
0.02072449
bodies

andyl , i have deleted your reference to the canadian red ensign and the zundel people . i shall keep doing so . everyday .... if i have to . forever . next up , you can expect nothing . some wing-dings have put up the red ensign at this idiots rally once in a while ,.... so what ,....? that does not make the red ensign theirs . why do you try so hard to link the red ensign to this bunch of nut-bags ,...? the red ensign is a cherished symbol of canada . i'm trying to protect it from getting slandered by reckless people like you . so andyl ,... why do you keep going to the effort of linking the red ensign to zundel-people ,....? why make such a big effort to link such insignificant sightings of the red ensign at zundel rallies ,...? well ,...? eh ,...? why ,...? i am prepared to continue this debate/deleting of the red ensign racist-group linking , ad-nauseium , ad-infinitum . armchairvexillologistdon
0.54351914
andyl i have deleted your reference to the canadian red ensign and the zundel people i shall keep doing so everyday if i have to forever next up you can expect nothing some wingdings have put up the red ensign at this idios rally once in a while so what that does not make the red ensign theirs why do you try so hard to link the red ensign to this bunch of nutbags the red ensign is a cherished symbol of canada im trying to protect it from getting slandered by reckless people like you so andyl why do you keep going to the effort of linking the red ensign to zundelpeople why make such a big effort to link such insignificant sightings of the red ensign at zundel rallies well eh why i am prepared to continue this debatedeleting of the red ensign racistgroup linking adnauseium adinfinitum armchairvexillologistdon 
0.24885868
idiots

