= = human mind = = firstly it relies on the assumption that the human mind is the central nervous system and is governed by physical laws . come on . surely this doesn't need to be said . anyone with a reasonable grip on reality surely dismisses mind/body dualism . only the most fervant bible thumper would feel the need to add this . of course , with the worryingly massive distribution of religious fools in the world , it wouldn't suprise me if a weak and stupid member of this fraternity of self delusion managed to infiltrate our temple to knowledge . idiots like that don't deserve to be literate , as any sense they read will be dismissed , and anything they write will be a pollution .
0.60271114
human mind firstly it relies on the assumption that the human mind is the central nervous system and is governed by physical laws come on surely this doesnt need to be said anyone with a reasonable grip on reality surely dismisses mindbody dualism only the most fervant bible thumper would feel the need to add this of course with the worryingly massive distribution of religious fools in the world it wouldnt suprise me if a weak and stupid member of this fraternity of self delusion managed to infiltrate our temple to knowledge iiots like that dont deserve to be literate as any sense they read will be dismissed and anything they write will be a pollution 
0.53957975
idiots

double diggity flappity flap jacks !! ryulong told you to get off wikipedia and you're not voting ? daaang ! come on down !!!
0.3947907
double diggity flappity lap jacks ryulong told you to get off wikipedia and youre not voting daaang come on down 
0.2946316
flap

: hey ! great work on the maharajas college article . its coming up nicely . however , keep in mind that wikipedia is an encyclopedia , and therefore the page should not sound like an advert for the college . check wp : mos for help on styling the page . you can catch me on yahoo messenger at deepujoseph2003 . cheers ! a . k . a . depu joseph |
0.062328838
hey great work on the maharajas college article its coming up nicely however keep in mind that wikipedia is an encyclopedia and therefore the page should not sound like an advert for the college check wp mos for help on styling the page you can catc me on yahoo messenger at deepujoseph2003 cheers a k a depu joseph 
0.031989593
catch

: if you base an argument on a lie , you can take the argument anywhere you like . the patriot act is not an anti-terrorism law . there are parts of it that are used to battle terrorism , but that is just a part of the entire act . you may as well say , the patriot act was passed to control illegal shipments of bananas into to the u.s. and now it is being used to track terrorist funds passing in and out of the united states ! big brother is out to get you !!! as i've said many times , there are many ( many ) reasons to dislike the patriot act - you don't need to make up new ones .
0.3067072
if you base an argument on a lie you can take the argument anywhere you like the patriot act is not an antiterrorism law there are parts of it that are used to battle terrorism but that is just a part of the entire act you may as well say the patriot act was passed to control illegal shipments of bananas into to the us and now it is being used to track terorist funds passing in and out of the united states big brother is out to get you as ive said many times there are many many reasons to dislike the patriot act you dont need to make up new ones 
0.14309168
terrorist

= = unspecified source for image : podhale in fox studios . jpg = = thanks for uploading image : podhale in fox studios . jpg . i notice the file's description page currently doesn't specify who created the content , so the copyright status is unclear . if you have not created this file yourself , then there needs to be a justification explaining why we have the right to use it on wikipedia ( see copyright tagging below ) . if you did not create the file yourself , then you need to specify where it was found , i.e. , in most cases link to the website where it was taken from , and the terms of use for content from that page . if the file also doesn't have a copyright tag , then one should be added . if you created/took the picture , audio , or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl . if you believe the media meets the criteria at wikipedia : fair use , use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia : image copyright tags #fair_use . see wikipedia : image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use . if you have uploaded other files , consider checking that you have specified their source and tagged them , too . you can find a list of files you have uploaded by following this link . unsourced and untagged images may be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page . thank you . '''''' •
0.010231658
unspecified source for image podhale in fox studios jpg thanks for uploading image podhale in fox studios jpg i notice the files description page currently doesnt specify who created the content so the copyright status is unclear if you have not created this file yourself then there needs to be a justificaton explaining why we have the right to use it on wikipedia see copyright tagging below if you did not create the file yourself then you need to specify where it was found ie in most cases link to the website where it was taken from and the terms of use for content from that page if the file also doesnt have a copyright tag then one should be added if you createdtook the picture audio or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl if you believe the media meets the criteria at wikipedia fair use use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia image copyright tags fairuse see wikipedia image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use if you have uploaded other files consider checking that you have specified their source and tagged them too you can find a list of files you have uploaded by following this link unsourced and untagged images may be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page thank you • 
0.008400019
justification

thanks for your response . at least you're hearing me , that is considered a good step -) everyone thinks he/she is right . me and you are just one of them . and i say let's talk to find out more . # hizbollah captured two isrealese for freeing whom ? please tell me . i think to free lebanonese citizens , that were captured . basically , israel raids happens everyday . yesterday head of palestine's parliment was captured by israel . this happens every day , and this has occured for years . israel made this way . # as i know , and you can read on the top of article , there were small number of israel citizens killed by hezbollah rockets , and most of the killed person were idf soldiers . as i know , there were even two israeli-arabs between the killed people , that their father told that they were killed in the way of freeing palestine . but the problem is : killing people by previus decison , and with high precision missles is basically different from accidental kills that occurs rarely . if you look at the statistics , the number of fired missles(300 per day ) , it's obvious . i would like to hear comments from you . -) at least we can exchange ideas hear while they're editing the article in their own way , hearing no comments . -( googling+pasting text+pasting urls . is it article making ?
0.1697357
thanks for your response at least youre hearing me that is considered a good step everyone thinks heshe is right me and you are just one of them and i say lets talk to find out more hizbollah captured two isrealese for freeing whom please tell me i think to free lebanonese citizens that were captured basically israel raids happens everyday yesterday head of palestines parliment was captured by israel this happens every day and this has occured for years israel made this way as i know and you can read on the top of article there were small number of israel citizens killed by hezbollah rockets and most of the killed person were idf soldiers as i know there were even two israeliarabs between the killed people that their father told that they were killed in the way of freeing palestine but the problem is killig people by previus decison and with high precision missles is basically different from accidental kills that occurs rarely if you look at the statistics the number of fired missles300 per day its obvious i would like to hear comments from you at least we can exchange ideas hear while theyre editing the article in their own way hearing no comments googlingpasting textpasting urls is it article making 
0.14861274
killing

simply saying we talked about this does not a conversation make . you have not discussed this , or offered any point by point counter to each of the citations , you have simply removed the entire section without edit repeatedly . the entire paragraph is not a one time edit , it reflects a 10 day edit , revert , discussion , update and citation run that culminated in the final paragraph that is now included . some late comers finally decided that the entire thing did not suit them and removed it without discussion to the latter section but there was never discussion on the content just the wholesale dismissal and that is not in the spirit of npov . either please provide a point by point citation level issue with the paragraph or leave it alone until you have had time to cool down and do some research . you say the citations do little to support the content but offer no substantive example to support that . do some homework , examine black publications and writings within the scope of your research or stand down .
0.044952046
simply saying we talked about this does not a conversation mae you have not discussed this or offered any point by point counter to each of the citations you have simply removed the entire section without edit repeatedly the entire paragraph is not a one time edit it reflects a 10 day edit revert discussion update and citation run that culminated in the final paragraph that is now included some late comers finally decided that the entire thing did not suit them and removed it without discussion to the latter section but there was never discussion on the content just the wholesale dismissal and that is not in the spirit of npov either please provide a point by point citation level issue with the paragraph or leave it alone until you have had time to cool down and do some research you say the citations do little to support the content but offer no substantive example to support that do some homework examine black publications and writings within the scope of your research or stand down 
0.04329557
make

= = pay attention = = listen to cenandor , or mr. cenandor to you , when he talks to you . his seriously not happy when you called cenabee or mrs. cenabee to you , a bully . i expect that you apologise to her .
0.5288532
pay attention listen to cenandor or mr cenandor to you when he talks to you his seriously not happy when you called cenabee or mrs cenabee to you a ully i expect that you apologise to her 
0.33042434
bully

: whatever . i just think whoever took those singers off are lazy , if anything try to help the cat by trying to find reliable sources . and i personally believe youtube is a good source . its open to anyone and is both audio and visual proof . but can't i just upload a song and put it on a singers article as an audio sample . cause some singers i can't find anything on youtube . not even rachelle ferrell . and i have a list of 55 singers , the song , and the note they hit in the whistle register .
0.13026126
whatever i just think whoever took those singers off are azy if anything try to help the cat by trying to find reliable sources and i personally believe youtube is a good source its open to anyone and is both audio and visual proof but cant i just upload a song and put it on a singers article as an audio sample cause some singers i cant find anything on youtube not even rachelle ferrell and i have a list of 55 singers the song and the note they hit in the whistle register 
0.037540875
lazy

= = christina aguilera = = you tube is a good source for proof of whistle register singing . singers have been added back onto the whistle register list because of proof from youtube . stop spoiling people's fun . proof is proof no matter where is it from . and don't bring up the subject about deaf people because it has absolutely nothing to do with this . deaf people wouldn't remove people from the whistle register list becaues they are unable to verify , but people who aren't are able to verify , like you . so stop manipulating and vandalising wikipedia . we were all happy until you came along . leave us alone .
0.18617566
christina aguilera you tube is a good source for proof of whistle register singing singers have been added back onto the whistle register list because of proof from youtube stop spoiling peoples fun proof is proof no matter where is it from and dont bring up the subject about daef people because it has absolutely nothing to do with this daf people wouldnt remove people from the whistle register list becaues they are unable to verify but people who arent are able to verify like you so stop manipulating and vandalising wikipedia we were all happy until you came along leave us alone 
0.15043785
deaf

: go to my preferences and click the misc tab .
0.010891981
g to my preferences and click the misc tab 
0.008988542
go

how about no ! australia police aren't gonna come to u.s.a , they wouldn't even come to the u.s.a if i told ur minister to drop dead . u think ur so important ?
0.3499432
how about no australia police arent gonna come to usa they wouldnt even come to the usa if i told ur minister to drop dea u think ur so important 
0.20148095
dead

= = what are you talking about ? = = why would i add pornographic links to this page ? i don't do that kind of thing .
0.19150674
what are you talking about why would i add pornograhic links to this page i dont do that kind of thing 
0.09266723
pornographic

please do not remove messages from your talk page . talk pages exist as a record of communication , and in any case , comments are available through the page history . you're welcome to archive your talk page , but be sure to provide a link to any deleted comments . thanks . ~ thank you for experimenting with wikipedia by creating the page alistair hendry . your test worked , and has been or will soon be removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . ~
0.014386892
please do not remove messages from your talk page talk pages exis as a record of communication and in any case comments are available through the page history youre welcome to archive your talk page but be sure to provide a link to any deleted comments thanks thank you for experimenting with wikipedia by creating the page alistair hendry your test worked and has been or will soon be removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.01232732
exist

= = concerning the fate of imperial soldiers in the wor ... = = ' what happened to the imperial soldiers after the cataclysm remains a mistery , but it is assumed that most of them pledged allegience to kefka and decided to become his honorguards and worshipers for the sake of their own survival and would otherwise be killed . ' why exactly is it ' assumed ' that most imperial soldiers pledged allegiance to kefka , and by whom is this assumed ? wouldn't make more sense to assume that most imperial soldiers simply stopped soldiering and moved on with their lives after the empire was wiped off the face of the world ? granted , the player will encounter a variation of prototype magitek armor in kefka's tower , but it seems just as likely that these are prototypes that kefka's own minions scavanged from the remains of the magitek factory , or even perhaps these units belong to a small faction of imperial fanatics trying to infiltrate the tower and overthrow kefka themselves . grimgerde
0.07809109
concerning the fate of imperial soldiers in the wor what happened to the imperial soldiers after the cataclysm remains a mistery but it is assumed that most of them pledged allegience to kefka and decided to become his honorguards and worshipers for the sake of their own survival and would otherwise be kiled why exactly is it assumed that most imperial soldiers pledged allegiance to kefka and by whom is this assumed wouldnt make more sense to assume that most imperial soldiers simply stopped soldiering and moved on with their lives after the empire was wiped off the face of the world granted the player will encounter a variation of prototype magitek armor in kefkas tower but it seems just as likely that these are prototypes that kefkas own minions scavanged from the remains of the magitek factory or even perhaps these units belong to a small faction of imperial fanatics trying to infiltrate the tower and overthrow kefka themselves grimgerde 
0.058178343
killed

= = error = = the second paragraph of this article states that there is debate in the western world and even in israel as to whether hezbollah is a terrorist organization . there is no citation or support for that . the one provided [ 4 ] does not make the above statement . furthermore , it is widely known that the us , eu , and israel deem hezbollah a terrorist organization . also , remember a un resolution was passed to disarm hezbollah . so this topic is not debatable .
0.1478696
error the second paragraph of this article states that there is debate in the western world and even in israel as to whether hezbollah is a terrorqst organization there is no citation or support for that the one provided 4 does not make the above statement furthermore it is widely known that the us eu and israel deem hezbollah a trrorist organization also remember a un resolution was passed to disarm hezbollah so this topic is not debatable 
0.078215644
terrorist

