: ah , but you claim the extraordinary rendition article actually said it that was legal ' . it certainly doesn't say that . but , hey , we all make mistakes . ... al bin ( hows my driving ? )
0.03666738
ah but you claim the extraordinary rendition articl actually said it that was legal it certainly doesnt say that but hey we all make mistakes al bin hows my driving 
0.02745022
article

= = restoration of the ettiquette section = = i replaced it with a link now so it's sourced . and i understand the original research concerns , but it's a news flash to me that going number two is original research . it would be nice if a few things that were within the universal modern human experience , such as that the sky is blue , the world is round , and that people courtesy flush , could be accept with the wikipedia equivalent of judicial notice , without people busting balls over policy to a truly ridiculous degree . now , if you'll excuse me , i have to conduct some more original research into the subject matter of this article .
0.15217964
restoration of the ettiquette section i replaced it with a link now so its sourced and i understand the original research concerns but its a news flash to me that going number two is original research it would be nice if a few things that were within the universal modern human experience such as that the sky is blue the world is round and that people courtesy flush could be accept with the wikipedia equivalent of judicial notice without people busting balls over policy to a truly rdiculous degree now if youll excuse me i have to conduct some more original research into the subject matter of this article 
0.11694865
ridiculous

= = gregg berhalter = = at last , the real user comes out from behind his ip address . i think that your rant in what is supposed to be a neutral summary of your position is indicative of your failure to follow wikipedia policy . again , your stubborn refusal to offer any concrete alternative is a demonstration of your bad faith .
0.38045496
gregg berhalter at last the real user comes out from behind his ip address i think that your rant in what is supposed to be a neutral summary of your position is indicative of your failure to follow wikipedia policy again your stubborn refusal to offer any concrete alternative is a demonstration of your ba faith 
0.36369255
bad

= = adding nonsense to duke university = = please do not add nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.14965539
adding nonsense to duke university please do not add nonsense to wikipedia it is considered vandalis if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.124305785
vandalism

= = orphaned fair use image ( image : issus01 . jpg ) = = thanks for uploading image : issus01 . jpg . i notice the ' image ' page currently specifies that the image is unlicensed for use on wikipedia and may only be used on wikipedia under a claim of fair use . however , the image is currently orphaned , meaning that it is not used in any articles on wikipedia . if the image was previously in an article , please go to the article and see why it was removed . you may add it back if you think that that will be useful . however , please note that images for which a replacement could be created are not acceptable under fair use ( see our fair use policy ) . if you have uploaded other unlicensed media , please check whether they're used in any articles or not . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any fair use images not used in any articles will be deleted after seven days , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . thank you .
0.0055294014
orphaned fair use image image issus01 jpg thank for uploading image issus01 jpg i notice the image page currently specifies that the image is unlicensed for use on wikipedia and may only be used on wikipedia under a claim of fair use however the image is currently orphaned meaning that it is not used in any articles on wikipedia if the image was previously in an article please go to the article and see why it was removed you may add it back if you think that that will be useful however please note that images for which a replacement could be created are not acceptable under fair use see our fair use policy if you have uploaded other unlicensed media please check whether theyre used in any articles or not you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any fair use images not used in any articles will be deleted after seven days as described on criteria for speedy deletion thank you 
0.005217977
thanks

u got a problem ? commie
0.5154015
u gt a problem commie 
0.38173562
got

yeah , that's right ... after making dozens ( hundreds ? ) of entries , i was experimenting by performing an update on an entry and adding actual data . is this some sort of automated response you get when you step on someone's favorite entry ?
0.01153273
yeah thats right after making dozens hundreds of entries i was experimenting by performing an update on an entry and adding actual data s this some sort of automated response you get when you step on someones favorite entry 
0.009554195
is

= = bro . jerrickson daniel = = a tag has been placed on bro . jerrickson daniel , requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia . this has been done because the article seems to be about a person , group of people , band , club , company , or web content , but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable ( see the guidelines for notability here ) . if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable , you may contest the tagging . to do this , please add on the top of the page and leave a note on the article's talk page explaining your position . please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself . please read the criteria for speedy deletion ( specifically , articles #7 ) and our general biography criteria . feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this .
0.017053684
bro jerrickson daniel a tag has been placed on bro jerrickson daniel requesting that it be speedily deleed from wikipedia this has been done because the article seems to be about a person group of people band club company or web content but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable see the guidelines for notability here if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable you may contest the tagging to do this please add on the top of the page and leave a note on the articles talk page explaining your position please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself please read the criteria for speedy deletion specifically articles 7 and our general biography criteria feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this 
0.014135751
deleted

= = image copyright problem with image : fir on trail . jpg = = thanks for uploading image : fir on trail . jpg . however , the image may soon be deleted unless we can determine the copyright holder and copyright status . the wikimedia foundation is very careful about the images included in wikipedia because of copyright law ( see wikipedia's copyright policy ) . the copyright holder is usually the creator , the creator's employer , or the last person who was transferred ownership rights . copyright information on images is signified using copyright templates . the three basic license types on wikipedia are open content , public domain , and fair use . find the appropriate template in wikipedia : image copyright tags and place it on the image page like this : {{ templatename }} . if you have not already done so , please also include the source of the image . in many cases this will be the website where you found it . please specify the copyright information and source on any other images you have uploaded or will upload . remember that images without this important information can be deleted by an administrator . if you have any questions , feel free to contact me , or ask them at the media copyright questions page . thank you . ''''''
0.0065636365
image copyright problem with image fir on trail jpg thanks for uploading image fir on trail jpg however the image may soon be deleted unless we can determine the copyright holder and copyright status the wikimedia foundation is very careful about the images included in wikipedia because of copyright law see wikipedias copyright policy the copyright holder is usually the creator the creators employer or the last person who was transferred ownership rights copyright information on images is signified using copyright templates the three basic license types on wikipedia are open content public domain and fair use find the appropriate template in wikipedia image copyright tags and place it on the image page like this templatename if you have not already done so please also include the source of the image in many cases this will be the website where you found it please specify the copyright information and source on any other images you have uploaded or will upload remember that images without this important information can be deleted by an admnistrator if you have any questions feel free to contact me or ask them at the media copyright questions page thank you 
0.005290518
administrator

the majority of this article is about the undertaker gimmick , not about mark calaway . as i said , there's a small bit about mark calaway at the bottom of the page . regardless if it was a work or not dxraw , you said you don't think anyone else would ever play the undertaker gimmick , and brian lee has .
0.026997767
the majority of this article is about the undertaker gimmikc not about mark calaway as i said theres a small bit about mark calaway at the bottom of the page regardless if it was a work or not dxraw you said you dont think anyone else would ever play the undertaker immick and brian lee has 
0.020313432
gimmick

i think wikipedia does have an obligation of respect - and we do self-censor quite a bit . we can show self-restraint and respect and yet show the community what they want to see - such as photos of the garments . there are no nude or semi-nude photos on other religious articles , why start here ? if a photo needs to be shared , let it be current and without a live model , or at least a model with a face ( why are they so ashamed to have their faces in the photos ? ) ebay and flickr more have up to date photos , not these from the 80s or 90s . this is completely offensive to the bulk of lds readers on wikipedia - protecting the page is not the answer to keeping an image on it , rather lets find something that the community can agree on , and this current version it not it , and undoubtedly , as cogden stated end up with continuous vandalism of the page . -
0.09838778
i think wikipedia does have an obligation of respect and we do selfcensor quite a bit we can show selfrestraint and respect and yet show the community what they want to see such as photos of the garments there are no nude or seminude photos on other religious articles why start here if a photo needs to be shared let it be current and without a live model or at least a model with a fac why are they so ashamed to have their faces in the photos ebay and flickr more have up to date photos not these from the 80s or 90s this is completely offensive to the bulk of lds readers on wikipedia protecting the page is not the answer to keeping an image on it rather lets find something that the community can agree on and this current version it not it and undoubtedly as cogden stated end up with continuous vandalism of the page 
0.07680731
face

= = johann hari picture - copyright sorted = = hi jaco - just to let you know , johann hari has pout a ccl license on the picture we wanted to use . if you go to the talk page on his entry , you can find the details . is it ok for you to make this the main image on the page ? ( i can't as the page is still locked ... ) best wishes dave
0.02297708
johann hari picture copyright sorted hi jaco just to let you know johann hari has put a ccl license on the picture we wanted to use if you go to the talk page on his entry you can find the details is it ok for you to make this the main image on the page i cant as the page is still locked best wishes dave 
0.011805018
pout

: that makes no sense . you don't play maplestory through internet explorer . sure , the website can only be accessible through ie ( well , you can access it through firefox as well if you know what to do ) , but it's not really part of the game .
0.0627559
that makes no sese you dont play maplestory through internet explorer sure the website can only be accessible through ie well you can access it through firefox as well if you know what to do but its not really part of the game 
0.052094318
sense

= your created page eeee = = : as they say in the movies , oh be-have . seriously , though , we are trying to write an encyclopedia here , so don't make joke pages . some readers looking for a serious article might not find them amusing . remember , millions of people read wikipedia , so we have to take what we do a bit seriously here . if you'd like to experiment with editing , try the sandbox , where you can write whatever you want ( as long as it's not offensive )
0.080923215
your created page eeee as they say in the movies oh behave seriously though we are trying to write an encyclopedia here so dont make jke pages some readers looking for a serious article might not find them amusing remember millions of people read wikipedia so we have to take what we do a bit seriously here if youd like to experiment with editing try the sandbox where you can write whatever you want as long as its not offensive 
0.0630628
joke

: yes , we are currently quoting ign , thanks .
0.004861515
yes we are currently quoting gn thanks 
0.003685336
ign

= = one the most ? one of the most ? are you kidding me ? = = seriously , this man is widely considered , accepted , put as , and regarded as the most influential electric guitarists of all time , is that understood ? now i will put that he was the most influential guitarist of all time , unless you can prove me otherwise , is that understood ?
0.07599999
one the most one of the most are you kidding me seriously this man is widely considered accepted put as and regarded as the most influential electric guitarists of all time is that understood now i will put that he wa the most influential guitarist of all time unless you can prove me otherwise is that understood 
0.062500685
was

::::: oh mrs langan , you are a wag . it seems that the rats are trying to desert the id ark after kitzmiller , eh ? shame you left a trail .
0.56259674
oh mrs langan you are a wag it seems that the rts are trying to desert the id ark after kitzmiller eh shame you left a trail 
0.55575114
rats

: i attempted to contact you via google chat to discuss fred's edit , but you were apparently busy fixing the article . i reverted to the previous version and pressed save , to find that you had forestalled me !
0.04337469
i attempted to contact you via google chat to discuss freds edit but you were apparently busy fixing the article i reverted to the previous version and pressed save to fid that you had forestalled me 
0.037865587
find

= = question = = : are you going to put the images back on the page , if there isn't any more suck puppetry ?
0.689891
question are you going to put the images back on the page if there isnt any more sck puppetry 
0.1266596
suck

being a typical arrogant american i'm really not surprised you haven't heard of them . perhaps you could explain the relevence of highways in georgia to anyone who doesn't live there . maybe you should stick to guns and pick-up trucks ; i'm sure you can find another poor country for that simpleton president of yours to bomb . idiot perdy80
0.82328546
being a typical arrogant american im really not surprised you havent heard of them perhaps you could explain the relevence of highways in georgia to anyone who doesnt live there maybe you should stick to guns and pickup trucks im sure you can find another poor country for that simpleton president of yours to bomb idit perdy80 
0.5975993
idiot

