revert wars i knew it was going to happen .... ... i have no objection to secondary and tertiary entries so long as i don't have to guard the thing 24/7 against vandalism aiming to nerf the entry down to flavorless , factless nothingness .
0.094598934
revert wars i knew it was going to happen i have no objection to secondary and tertiary entries so long as i dont have to guard the thing 247 against andalism aiming to nerf the entry down to flavorless factless nothingness 
0.039286736
vandalism

: the sentence was added back by with no effort to clarify the questions above . the edit summary merely said : :: the facts are very very clear . please contact mitchel_francis@horacemann.org , the faculty advisor , to confirm the fact that horace mann won the listed awards . please stop removing factual info : no the facts are not clear at all . it is silly to suggest we contact someone to verify . that misses the whole point of wikipedia . if this is the only way to verify then it is not notable enough to be in the encylopedia . by the way there are no awards listed , only a vague mention of numerous awards . facts that cannot be verified are not suitable for inclusion in an encylopedia . some facts thats can be verfied may still not be suitable for the encylopedia if they are not notable . these numerous awards could well be in the latter category too . user : 140.247.156.10 , if you want them to be included then make a case . as it stands you have no case .
0.059898764
the sentence was added back by with no effort to clarify the questions above the edit summary merely said the facts are very very clear please contact mitchelfrancishoracemannorg the faculty advisor to confirm the fact that horace mann won the listed awards please stop removing factual info no the facts are not clear at all it is illy to suggest we contact someone to verify that misses the whole point of wikipedia if this is the only way to verify then it is not notable enough to be in the encylopedia by the way there are no awards listed only a vague mention of numerous awards facts that cannot be verified are not suitable for inclusion in an encylopedia some facts thats can be verfied may still not be suitable for the encylopedia if they are not notable these numerous awards could well be in the latter category too user 14024715610 if you want them to be included then make a case as it stands you have no case 
0.01990032
silly

= = another issue / suggestion = = i noticed another issue that i guess it's not listed anywhere : when some articles start getting big and full of information , wikipedia users refrain from deleting weak or even nonsense parts . they believe it's good to keep all that ( useless ? ) stuff , probably reasoning that some information is better than none . that's why many many articles get huge and are tagged to need the attention of an expert ( who would hopefully clean up all the junk ) . i strongly disagree with this behavior of keeping junk on the main page . i guess the editing system should allow two versions of an article : the main one , with the information that was agreed by everyone ( intersection of information ) and another , longer one with all the possible information for that subject ( union of information ) . in this way people would not be so afraid of deleting junk because it would be stored on the second page , and the main article would always be a cleaned up version , which , if not complete , at least would not fail on quality .
0.1251339
another issue suggestion i noticed another issue that i guess its not listed anywhere when some articles start getting big and full of information wikipedia users refrain from deleting weak or even nonsense parts they believe its good to keep all that useless stuff probably reasoning that some information is better than none thats why many many articles get huge and are tagged to need the attention of an expert who would hopefully clean up all the j u n k i strongly disagree with this behavior of keeping ujnk on the main page i guess the editing system should allow two versions of an article the main one with the information that was agreed by everyone intersection of information and another longer one with all the possible information for that subject union of information in this way people would not be so afraid of deleting juk because it would be stored on the second page and the main article would always be a cleaned up version which if not complete at least would not fail on quality 
0.08411534
junk

fox stop posting this rubbish about fox and al jazeera
0.7868739
fox stop posting this ubbish about fox and al jazeera 
0.27453086
rubbish

: elton john has not sold less albums than queen in the uk , he's had lower sales per album , but the total sales of his albums is the uk is more than queen . also the uk rnr hall of fame would have nothing to gain , nothing to loose , by just taking any figure . doesn't mean they checked it by looking at world charts , list of back catalogue sales , etc . where in my text did i say i didn't like queen ?? wheatear or not i like them , tolerate them or hate them has nothing to do with it , there is no source that says queen have world sales of 250 million . you can't take a bit from one and a bit from the other , you can only use one source . however my point stands , looking at global sales charts , and other sales lists , queen have not sold 190 million albums , their best selling albums globally are greatest hits and greatest hits 2 which combined sold 35 million as of now , they havent sold another 155 million besides .
0.078538
elton john has not sold less albums than queen in the uk hes had lower sales per album but the total sales of his albums is the uk is more than queen also the uk rnr hall of fame would have nothing to gain nothing to loose by just taking any figure doesnt mean they checked it by looking at world charts list of back catalogue sales etc where in my text did i say i didnt like queen wheatear or not i like them tolerate them or hae them has nothing to do with it there is no source that says queen have world sales of 250 million you cant take a bit from one and a bit from the other you can only use one source however my point stands looking at global sales charts and other sales lists queen have not sold 190 million albums their best selling albums globally are greatest hits and greatest hits 2 which combined sold 35 million as of now they havent sold another 155 million besides 
0.060087945
hate

that's all this guy is , a commercial . many reviews i've read on music sites say he sucks on guitar , has no real skill . and of course , nobody recommends his line of guitars , they suck . basically , if this guy was charging peers money for guitar lessons , theres nothing he wouldnt do for money . the criticism section should be longer , from what i've seen online . i am amazed the author found so many good reviews , esteban must have payed to have them written .
0.39168504
thats all this guy is a commercial many reviews ive read on music sites say he suks on guitar has no real skill and of course nobody recommends his line of guitars they suck basically if this guy was charging peers money for guitar lessons theres nothing he wouldnt do for money the criticism section should be longer from what ive seen online i am amazed the author found so many good reviews esteban must have payed to have them written 
0.33854398
sucks

:: salon is not a source without its pov biases , and it certainly had a number of ideological axes to grind ( including , most pertinently , a willingness to tar and feather any and all arab and islamic peoples as barbarians , and a totally uncritical way of looking at the israel-palestine conflict ) . :: accepting their claims as the total truth is certainly problematic ; it is made even more so when there isn't a way to actually check the veracity of the claim . not being able to read the article , because of their damned clickthrough ads , i would personally appreciate if someone could post the section of the article in question . for the time being , salon claims . . . is certainly the npov way to go .
0.10012308
salon is not a source without its pov biases and it certainly had a number of ideological axes to grind including most pertinently a willingness to tar and feather any and all arab and islamic peoples as barbarians and a totally uncritical way of looking at the israelpalestine conflict accepting their claims as the total truth is certainly problematic it is made even more so when there isnt a way to actually check the veracity of the claim not being able to read the article because of their damed clickthrough ads i would personally appreciate if someone could post the section of the article in question for the time being salon claims is certainly the npov way to go 
0.05907669
damned

= = while things are protected ... = = i found it refreshing to edit on the libertarian wiki . i transplanted the last good version of the anarchism article there . you know , with the individualist/collectivist structure that we worked on after the last unprotect . i merged your individual anarchism and american individual anarchism articles - that was obviously an edit war fork . anyway , check these out : anarchism individualist anarchism
0.07701319
while things are protected i found it refreshing to edit on the libertarian wiki i transplanted the last good version of the anarchism artice there you know with the individualistcollectivist structure that we worked on after the last unprotect i merged your individual anarchism and american individual anarchism articles that was obviously an edit war fork anyway check these out anarchism individualist anarchism 
0.065613784
article

= = thanks for stepping in on the vandalism on britches ( monkey ) = = that is all .
0.26217222
thanks for stepping in on the vandlism on britches monkey that is all 
0.19849482
vandalism

why use the term ' mainstream ' - it is simply argument by appeal to authority , adding nothing to the case .. why the use of the word ' elaborate ' to describe the hoax , but not the space program ?
0.033328604
why use the term mainstream it is simply argument by appeal to authority adding nothing to the case why the use of the word elaborate to describe the hox but not the space program 
0.019848926
hoax

= = tangential and ts = = there are a few judgement calls there that we will have to do a second pass on . i did include the bee bees ( see my comment in bee gees ) in it ( jeb and dubya , that is ) and i did not include jesse jackson . those three guys are in too many categories as it is . you want to remove a few from the category ? be my guest , but do not get greedy about undoing my work .
0.08252713
tangential and ts there are a few judgement calls there that we will have to do a second pass on i did include the bee bees see my comment in bee gees in it jeb and dubya that is and i did not include jesse jackson those three guys are in too many categories as it is you want to remove a few from the category be my guest but do not get greey about undoing my work 
0.04103337
greedy

= = block of darwiner111 = = he's been sockpuppeting like mad , and editing disruptively with all his sockpuppets , which include , , , , , always on the same topic . i don't think there is any issue with what you did .
0.29967967
block of darwiner111 hes been sockpuppeting like mad and editing disruptively with all his sokpuppets which include always on the same topic i dont think there is any issue with what you did 
0.25416192
sockpuppets

= = february 2006 = = please do not add spamlinks into articles , as you did to pornography . thanks .
0.058784723
february 2006 please do not add spamlinks into articles as you did to porography thanks 
0.017368047
pornography

. :::: i prefer the article the size it is ( ie . succinct ) , but would oppose merger if the justification for merger is that it reduces revert wars ( since under that theory merger then represents appeasement to vandals ) .
0.039365612
i prefer the article the size it is ie succinct but would oppose merger if the justification for merger is that it reduces revert wars since under that theory merger then represents appeasement to vandls 
0.031064192
vandals

: yeah , what the fuck are you wittering on about ? if we did have a shortage of space , you're mindless , boring ramblings would would the first to go . you know this is a universal site ? just because you don't respect ( or more likely understand ) british laws doesn't mean they shouldn't be on here . bloody yank , ( yerr , mutter mutter ) with yer hamburgers and yer sidewalks and yer inflexible , overrated constitutions and yer sneakers . and who , i ask you , who re-writes fawlty towers with basil as a woman ?
0.7955169
yeah what the fuc are you wittering on about if we did have a shortage of space youre mindless boring ramblings would would the first to go you know this is a universal site just because you dont respect or more likely understand british laws doesnt mean they shouldnt be on here bloody yank yerr mutter mutter with yer hamburgers and yer sidewalks and yer inflexible overrated constitutions and yer sneakers and who i ask you who rewrites fawlty towers with basil as a woman 
0.5988203
fuck

= = talk : co-freemasonry = = i left the message there , but i failed to see what you were trying to argue with your points at the bottom . not that i'm trying to side against you , i'm just trying to understand the point of the argument so i can provide feedback . thanks .
0.03496917
talk cofreemasonry i left the message there but i filed to see what you were trying to argue with your points at the bottom not that im trying to side against you im just trying to understand the point of the argument so i can provide feedback thanks 
0.030816477
failed

welcome ! hello , , and welcome to wikipedia ! thank you for your contributions . i hope you like the place and decide to stay . here are a few good links for newcomers : * the five pillars of wikipedia * how to edit a page * help pages * tutorial * how to write a great article * manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian ! please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes (~~~~); this will automatically produce your name and the date . if you need help , check out wikipedia : where to ask a question , ask me on my talk page , or place {{ helpme }} on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions . again , welcome !
0.009056582
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions i hope you like the place and decide to stay here ae a few good links for newcomers the five pillars of wikipedia how to edit a page help pages tutorial how to write a great article manual of style i hope you enjoy editing here and being a wikipedian please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes this will automatically produce your name and the date if you need help check out wikipedia where to ask a question ask me on my talk page or place helpme on your talk page and someone will show up shortly to answer your questions again welcome 
0.006088215
are

( utc ) updated : 19:55 , 8 february 2006
0.003718342
tc updated 1955 8 february 2006 
0.0029915203
utc

