: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wikipedia:administrators%27_noticeboard/3rr#user:ghirlandajo_.28short_description:_troller.2c_vandal.2c_anti-romanian.2c_nazi.29 revert war , block please , severe block .
0.15091838
httpenwikipediaorgwikiwikipediaadministrators27noticeboard3rruserghirlandajo28shortdescriptiontroller2cvandal2cantiromanian2cnazi29 revert war block pleae severe block 
0.095490426
please

:: kind sir , i think you are mistaken . mr tommstein is described on his user page as a nice user who opposes personal attacks , so the definition on the page you referred to must not apply to this individual . ;)
0.075819425
kind sir i think you are mistaken mr tommstein s described on his user page as a nice user who opposes personal attacks so the definition on the page you referred to must not apply to this individual 
0.07129134
is

: the world of full of people who think that discussion of the sexuality of minors in any terms other than vitriolic condemnation is some sort of plot by pedophiles to advance their cause . these people would be better off choosing oprah than wikipedia to fill their entertainment needs .
0.25298437
the world of full of people who think that discussion of the sexuality of minors in any terms other than vitriolic condemnation is some sort of plot by pedopiles to advance their cause these people would be better off choosing oprah than wikipedia to fill their entertainment needs 
0.13176517
pedophiles

= = positions = = i deleted the section on anal sex positions because it didn't really have anything to do with the subject matter apart from the first link . the rest said use a condom and other such junk that had nothing to do with positions . the link should be included ( in this article ) elsewhere , but i'm not sure where to place it . if someone will do that it'd be most appreciated .
0.29372978
positions i deleted the section on ana sex positions because it didnt really have anything to do with the subject matter apart from the first link the rest said use a condom and other such junk that had nothing to do with positions the link should be included in this article elsewhere but im not sure where to place it if someone will do that itd be most appreciated 
0.219557
anal

= = podcruft ? = = in you recent edit to witf you had a summary of rv . self to remove podcruft . mind explaining what podcruft is and why you felt in neccessary to revert ? your version includes information such as frequency and station number which isn't really required on a dab page . thanks/
0.06478431
podcruft in you recent edit to witf you had a summary of rv sef to remove podcruft mind explaining what podcruft is and why you felt in neccessary to revert your version includes information such as frequency and station number which isnt really required on a dab page thanks 
0.052639008
self

: lucretius , you do not understand that there are a lot of super-duper physicists , some nobel winners , that have also overreached and put forth crackpot ideas . william shockley is one example . this 1931 contribution from eddington is documented and it is speculated by many that he was publishing a spoof or hoax in the similar sense of the sokal affair . perhaps he was serious as in the bogdanov affair , but whether or not it is a spoof , the content of that publication is at best numerology . i'll let this sit for a couple days to see what other input there is , but the fact that eddington said this stuff is , in fact , numerology ( whether he was serious or not ) and the article needs to say it .
0.05924446
lucretius you do not understand that there are a lot of superduper physicists some nobel winners that have also overreached and put forth crakpot ideas william shockley is one example this 1931 contribution from eddington is documented and it is speculated by many that he was publishing a spoof or hoax in the similar sense of the sokal affair perhaps he was serious as in the bogdanov affair but whether or not it is a spoof the content of that publication is at best numerology ill let this sit for a couple days to see what other input there is but the fact that eddington said this stuff is in fact numerology whether he was serious or not and the article needs to say it 
0.031144392
crackpot

= notice to new visitors who want to make changes = hi - there is a system here that allows old-time members to instantly wipe out any changes you add in . took me two weeks to figure this out . thus , to work in the system , add your comments to the discussion page , which thousands of readers now are looking at , thanks to google . your points will be read and some may last a while . some may be verified ( found in a book , anybook , and then added to the main page , with a footnote reference . it is best if you take teh tiome and dig out a page saying what you want , in a known book , such as the bigfoot files , and not in old fart books like pyle . these wicki people are very , very uptight and jealous and resent newcomers . so try my idea . quote things . newspapers , tv shows , websites , journals , books , and newsletters . some info may make it . that is the game , so we must play it . ask for zoe by name , or bishonen , by name , or bunchofgrapes , by name , or danielcd by name , to assist . they will see it , and may help . ve must be cool , and no vandalism ( wiping out sections ) pleeze . beckjord
0.15265442
notice to new visitors who want to make changes hi there is a system here that allows oldtime members to instantly wipe out any changes you add in took me two weeks to figure this out thus to work in the system add your comments to the discussion page which thousands of readers now are looking at thanks to google your points will be read and some may last a while some may be verified found in a book anybook and then added to the main page with a footnote reference it is best if you take teh tiome and dig out a page saying what you want in a known book such as the bigfoot files and not in old fart books like pyle these wicki people are very very utight and jealous and resent newcomers so try my idea quote things newspapers tv shows websites journals books and newsletters some info may make it that is the game so we must play it ask for zoe by name or bishonen by name or bunchofgrapes by name or danielcd by name to assist they will see it and may help ve must be cool and no vandalism wiping out sections pleeze beckjord 
0.11097104
uptight

= this is total cr*p = i do not send viruses . tell me how ? you are one person who loves to lay blame where there is no guilt , based on assumptions . see post hoc , ergo prosper hoc in logic . now , what the h*ll should i use to introduce a comment ? if not = ( )= then what ? why not just tell me ? eh ? or is that too kind ? beside , ml said he had no email . was this a lie ? maybe so . i email zoe , and she gets no viruses . ask her . just do not open attachments . god , the lies and lies i find here . beckjord beckjord
0.4514735
this is total crp i do not send viruses tell me how you are one person who loves to lay blame where there is no guilt based on assumptions see post hoc ergo prosper hoc in logic now what the hll should i use to introduce a comment if not then what why not just tell me eh or is that too kind beside ml said he had no email was this a lie maybe so i email zoe and she gets no viruses ask her just do not open attachments god the lise and lis i find here beckjord beckjord 
0.16693507
lies

= = cricket images = = hi . have you any ideas as to which images would be most useful for the current cricket fac ? cheers , and happy new year ! ]]
0.009425398
cricket images hi have you any ides as to which images would be most useful for the current cricket fac cheers and happy new year 
0.0047729183
ideas

: thanks duk for the info . i knew i would eventually be blocked for my unruly behavior , which you saw too . i feel bad about accusing you of being a partisan hack , like others at wsi . i was wrong , as i have admitted before . my wikipage is not up yet , but here is one example that i have seen : * http://www.newmars.com/wiki/index.php/main_page . happy new year
0.1888577
thanks duk for the info i knew i would eventually be blocked for my unuly behavior which you saw too i feel bad about accusing you of being a partisan hack like others at wsi i was wrong as i have admitted before my wikipage is not up yet but here is one example that i have seen httpwwwnewmarscomwikiindexphpmainpage happy new year 
0.18745023
unruly

= = quite possibly the ugliest specimen of male ever = = serious o_o ( ¦ ⇒ ✉)
0.59883744
quite possibly the uliest specimen of male ever serious oo ¦ ⇒ ✉ 
0.095693275
ugliest

i know a helluva lot about remote viewing but i get the distinct impression that no matter what i would post here would be deleted by all those who already are convinced that rv is a sham . so why bother . incidentally , i not only read books about rv , i wrote one . lol
0.33496487
i know a helluva lot about remote viewing but i get the distinct impression that no matter what i would post here would be deleted by all those who already are convinced that rv is a ham so why bother incidentally i not only read books about rv i wrote one lol 
0.111674525
sham

: and so , an advise becomes threat . this looks like a job for ( please deposit payment in tuna ) .
0.083181016
and so an advise becomes hreat this looks like a job for please deposit payment in tuna 
0.036051787
threat

:: your latest update to united states house of representatives , new jersey district 7 looks good . though i was a bit surprised by the move of the page united states 2000 census to u.s. census , 2000 ( see discussion page there ) . my #3 above referred to the map placement in this page , as i shifted it . per #1 , i think that the title of the district name should be in title case . we're in agreement on #2 .
0.009060349
your latest update to united states house of representatives new jersey district 7 looks good though i was a bit surprised by the move of the page united states 2000 census to us census 2000 ee discussion page there my 3 above referred to the map placement in this page as i shifted it per 1 i think that the title of the district name should be in title case were in agreement on 2 
0.005363444
see

= = = = the article was just fine as it was , stop changing it
0.07122892
the article was just fine as it was sop changing it 
0.01799377
stop

: it's true too . see the top of my talk page -_-
0.018454075
its true too ee the top of my talk page 
0.013504863
see

= = out of curiosity = = is the intro section of my user page accurate or riddled with obviously flawed logic ?
0.08576871
out of curiosity is the intro section of my user page accurate or ridled with obviously flawed logic 
0.05700014
riddled

:: yes , that was part of it , the computer doesn't hate you , it just acts that way sometimes . concluded ? hardly ! it's now proposed ( among lots of other things ) to have a naming standard for astronomical objects . diacritics in english turns out to be a subject on which when all is said and done there has been much more said than done , owing to lack of consensus . ( do i sound surprised ? ) :: it has been suggested before that consensus could be sought on particular subject areas , and this might be the first one to actually happen . with a mimimum of fuss of course , and many sus aeronauticus .
0.13161072
yes that was part of it the computer doesnt ate you it just acts that way sometimes concluded hardly its now proposed among lots of other things to have a naming standard for astronomical objects diacritics in english turns out to be a subject on which when all is said and done there has been much more said than done owing to lack of consensus do i sound surprised it has been suggested before that consensus could be sought on particular subject areas and this might be the first one to actually happen with a mimimum of fuss of course and many sus aeronauticus 
0.04356951
hate

