** i don't think it'd be inaccurate to add the little é to the name ; especially if kurumada had intended it to be a reference . go right ahead .
0.18569535
i dont think itd be inccurate to add the little é to the name especially if kurumada had intended it to be a reference go right ahead 
0.08606541
inaccurate

definitely can't use them if they were don't know for sure , and anyway , who wants to get involved in a propaganda edit war ? leave the gruesome pictures out of it . if you must , get a picture of a missile that hit its target , like a building or something . -
0.16899645
definitely cant use them if they were dont know for sure and anyway who wants to get involved in a propaganda edit war leave the gresome pictures out of it if you must get a picture of a missile that hit its target like a building or something 
0.1354649
gruesome

i am kindof frusterated to day . had a rough morniing at tennis . boys boys and more boys are my problem .
0.17640662
i am kindof frusterated to day had a rough morniing at tennis boys boys and more boys ar my problem 
0.16585547
are

: it means likely sockpuppetry and definite meatpuppetry . i leave it to your discretion .
0.37493914
it means likely sockpupptry and definite meatpuppetry i leave it to your discretion 
0.2877088
sockpuppetry

first off , i can let you know that i am not on any particular side . however , from what i've seen , you have displayed childish behaviour in the last few days . i know that the situation was a bit frustrating , but it could have been handled with much more patience and maturity . it is bad manners — and against policy — to impersonate another user . do not do it , . there is no excuse for it . i do not know the correct info for the article . however , what i do know is that all this can be finalised if you or the other party found sources to support the claims . also , wikipedia has a policy against reverting the article between different versions — the 3rr . before you edit firebender again , i suggest that you read it . also , from now on , i suggest that you behave more calmly and with more maturity . it's always better to talk out the situation with the other person instead of trying to annoy him . please be civil . •
0.0794781
first off i can let you know that i am not on any particular side however from what ive seen you have displayed chidish behaviour in the last few days i know that the situation was a bit frustrating but it could have been handled with much more patience and maturity it is bad manners — and against policy — to impersonate another user do not do it there is no excuse for it i do not know the correct info for the article however what i do know is that all this can be finalised if you or the other party found sources to support the claims also wikipedia has a policy against reverting the article between different versions — the 3rr before you edit firebender again i suggest that you read it also from now on i suggest that you behave more calmly and with more maturity its always better to talk out the situation with the other person instead of trying to annoy him please be civil • 
0.06529551
childish

( utc ) = = = godlessness of the gaps = = = there can't be any valid criticism of evolution . evolution as described by the materialist priesthood is absolutely true and any criticism is not valid , it's just that we haven't figured out the materialist explaination yet . when something is not known we must just say natural selection did it , now shut up and stop your pesky questions . ok sarcasm aside , you have to realize that the no pov rule isn't real . in reality there is a most popular pov rule . - 20:28 , 20 july 2006
0.18390118
utc godlessness of the gaps there cant be any valid criticism of evolution evolution as described by the materialist priesthood is absolutely true and any criticism is not valid its just that we havent figured out the materialist explaination yet when something is not known we must just say natural selection did it now hut up and stop your pesky questions ok sarcasm aside you have to realize that the no pov rule isnt real in reality there is a most popular pov rule 2028 20 july 2006 
0.06751018
shut

= = hinduism and sikh panth = = hey i put the reason up their , im quite new to requesting a article for deletion but the reason is still valid . if not for a speedy deletion at least it will still be put up for it . elven6 july ( utc )
0.0372178
hinduism and sikh panth hey i put the reason up their im quite ne to requesting a article for deletion but the reason is still valid if not for a speedy deletion at least it will still be put up for it elven6 july utc 
0.026847545
new

i want to say that berksguy is the one that is the kook . he acts as if i am the one causing all of this . when i do edits i use my login . i'm not ashamed to back my views and put my name next to them . however berksguy needs to realise that other people out there feel the same way , and it is rather silly to think that every user that posts something that does not fit his agenda is me . i do however believe that all of the actions of mayor mcmahon should be displayed good or bad if sourced and that includes his crazy words about supporting illegal aliens as was sourced . george w . bush , robert byrd , etc . have tons of sourced actions both good and bad toward those persons , and the same standard should apply to tom mcmahon . (}
0.21893097
i want to say that berksguy is the one that is the kook he acts as if i am the one causing all of this when i do edits i use my login im not ashamed to back my views and put my name next to them however berksguy needs to realise that other people out there feel the same way and it is rather slly to think that every user that posts something that does not fit his agenda is me i do however believe that all of the actions of mayor mcmahon should be displayed good or bad if sourced and that includes his crazy words about supporting illegal aliens as was sourced george w bush robert byrd etc have tons of sourced actions both good and bad toward those persons and the same standard should apply to tom mcmahon 
0.19473355
silly

= = unspecified source for image : radha actress . jpg = = thanks for uploading image : radha actress . jpg . i notice the file's description page currently doesn't specify who created the content , so the copyright status is unclear . if you have not created this file yourself , then there needs to be an argument why we have the right to use it on wikipedia ( see copyright tagging below ) . if you did not create the file yourself , then you need to specify where it was found , i.e. , in most cases link to the website where it was taken from , and the terms of use for content from that page . if the file also doesn't have a copyright tag , then one should be added . if you created/took the picture , audio , or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl . if you believe the media meets the criteria at wikipedia : fair use , use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia : image copyright tags #fair_use . see wikipedia : image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use . if you have uploaded other files , consider checking that you have specified their source and tagged them , too . you can find a list of files you have uploaded by following this link . unsourced and untagged images may be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page . thank you .
0.008994359
unspecified source for image radha actress jpg thanks for uploading image radha actress jpg i notice the files description page currently doesnt specify who created the content so the copyright status is unclear if you have not created this file yourself then there needs to be an argument why we have the right to use it on wikipedia see copyright tagging below if you did not create the file yourself then you need to specify where it was found ie in most cases link to the website where it was taken from and the terms of use for content from that page if the file also doesnt have a copyright tag then one should be added if you createdtook the picture audio or video then the tag can be used to release it under the gfdl if you believe the media meets the criteria at wikipedia fair use use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia image copyright tags fairuse see wikipedia image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use if you have uploaded other files consider checking that you have specified their source and tagged them too you can find a list of files you have uploaded by following this link unsource and untagged images may be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion if you have any questions please ask them at the media copyright questions page thank you 
0.006637625
unsourced

*** there are two criteria at play here : first , does it bear the final fantasy title , in any form or region ? this covers most of what we've got . second , if the first does not apply , does it feature a major appearance by characters or settings strongly associated with the final fantasy series . kingdom hearts does , since about half of the major npcs are from the series . ehrgeiz does , since it has several playable characters ( one of whom is actually on the cover of the game ) from final fantasy vii . secret of evermore might , as well : i was under the impression that the appearances were more along the lines of brief cameos that integral roles , but if someone wants to argue otherwise , i'm listening . super mario rpg does not fit under either of these categories : it was never called final fantasy : super mario rpg ( or whatever ) , and it has but one piece of music to connect it to the series . –
0.021595642
there are two criteria at play here first does it bear the final fantasy title in any form or region this covers most of what weve got second if the first does not apply does it feature a major appearance by characters or settings strongly associated with the final fantasy series kingdom hearts does since about half of the major npcs are from the series ehrgeiz does since it has several playable characters one of whom is actually on the cover of the game from final fantasy vii secret of evermore might as well i was under the impression that the appearances were more along the lines of brief cameos that integral roles but if someone wants to argu otherwise im listening super mario rpg does not fit under either of these categories it was never called final fantasy super mario rpg or whatever and it has but one piece of music to connect it to the series – 
0.005613847
argue

i would suggest keep the main article as incineration indicating other terms for incineration as waste-to-energy plant , energy-from-waste plant ... etc . then on the waste-to-energy article have an explanation that in its strict sense it can actually refer to a number of technologies but generally it refers to incineration . i have no preference as to which article forms the basis of the new incineration article . there are separate articles on all the other ways of creating energy from waste .
0.08353761
i would suggest keep the main article as incineration indicating other terms for incineration as wastetoenergy plant energyfromwaste plant etc then on the wastetoenergy article have an explanation that in its strict sense it can actually refer to a number of technologies but generally it refers to incineration i have no preference as to which article forms the basis of the new incineration article there are separate articles on all the other ways of creating energy from wase 
0.040358096
waste

i have reverted a recent edit you made to the article kappa upsilon chi . you did not provide an edit summary , and i could not determine whether the edit was vandalism or a constructive contribution . in the future , please use edit summaries . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me . —
0.022771679
i have reverted a recent edit you made to the article kappa upsilon chi you did not provide an edit summary and i could not determine whether the edit was vandalim or a constructive contribution in the future please use edit summaries a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me — 
0.008153888
vandalism

um no their just idiots like you , and stop deleting your deletion proposal before i report this ! elven6
0.8904774
um no their just idios like you and stop deleting your deletion proposal before i report this elven6 
0.33161515
idiots

= = stalker = = whats your problem ? why the heck are you always stalking my posts and edits ? if it makes you feel big pushing me and aryan around like that then you better stop before i report it . and i was not in a edit war , i put it up for deletion after people in the talk page were discussing its deletion , aryan kept getting rid of it .
0.34935287
stalker whats your problem why the hek are you always stalking my posts and edits if it makes you feel big pushing me and aryan around like that then you better stop before i report it and i was not in a edit war i put it up for deletion after people in the talk page were discussing its deletion aryan kept getting rid of it 
0.20059285
heck

shove a lollipop up your cunt
0.9118151
shove a lollipop up your cut 
0.5985238
cunt

after posting the above , i noticed the preceding section where dpeterson was complaining to you about me ? why would he communicate his complaint directly to you , do you think ? are you aware that i have not been soft-banned from editing the bowlby article and that dpeterson has been informed by others of that fact ? can someone be truly considered a good faith actor if he tries to deceive other users , editors , and even administrators ?
0.08134014
after posting the above i noticed the preceding section where dpeterson was complaining to you about me why would he communicate his complaint directly to you do you think are you aware that i have not been softbanned from editing the bowlby article and that dpeterson has been informed by others of that fact can someone be truly considered a good faith actor if he tries to dceive other users editors and even administrators 
0.04182885
deceive

yeah i checked my keyboard . she did hit e6 and f #5 in chest . she should stay on the category . im going to add her back on .
0.22216953
yeah i checked my keyboard she did hit e6 and f 5 in chst she should stay on the category im going to add her back on 
0.15255739
chest

