= = too funny = = corey suggests a famous people section from moline or historical signicance section , but that is just too funny . these guys will probably tell you about some confederate hero or plantation owner or other backwood gomer . what do you call a person from moline who has all their teeth ? an obvious no-good no-account yankee liar who just rode in . hmmm ... not a very funny joke , but then again , racism isn't funny either , and this page is completely racist . backward , ignorant , hillbilly , hee-haw , and racist .
0.53846484
too funny corey suggests a famous people section from moline or historical signicance section but that is just too funny these guys will probably tell you about some confederate hero or plantation owner or other backwood gomer what do you call a person from moline who has all their teeth an obvious nogood noaccount yankee liar who just rode in hmmm not a very funny joke but then again racism isnt funny either and this page is completely raycist backward ignorant hillbilly heehaw and acist 
0.41882598
racist

why am i being blocked by an obvious anti-semite ? gareth hughes , the so called anglican priest is a racist and an anti-semite . look at everyone of his posts regarding assyrians ? he hates assyrians , he is a jealous little twit with too much time on his hands and no real education ... anti-semite !!!
0.7920077
why am i being blocked by an obvious antisemite gareth hughes the so called anglican priest is a rcist and an antisemite look at everyone of his posts regarding assyrians he hates assyrians he is a jealous little twit with too much time on his hands and no real education antisemite 
0.59745777
racist

i guess you allow anti-semitic stuff on wikipedia ? are you too an anti-semite ? cause we sure know gareth hughes is .. the longer you leave me unblocked and dont black the anti-semite the more you are condoning anti-semitism !
0.57448184
i guess you allow antisemitic stuff on wikipedia are you too an antisemite cause we sure know gareth hughes is the longer you leave me unblocked and dont lack the antisemite the more you are condoning antisemitism 
0.5610941
black

= = keele peak = = hi alphachimp . i did not realise the french article was a copyvio . i have now rewritten and shortned the keele peak article , and i believe you will agree it is no longer a copyvio . i would appreciate if you would remove the speedy deletion tag , since i am not supposed to do it as i am the original author . thanks .
0.018205091
keele peak hi alphachimp i did not realise the french article was a copyvio i have now rewritten and shortned the keele peak article and i believe you will agree it i no longer a copyvio i would appreciate if you would remove the speedy deletion tag since i am not supposed to do it as i am the original author thanks 
0.015789451
is

: didn't . read the article . this is not a forum . ; . .
0.041153435
didnt read the article this s not a forum 
0.027672905
is

remember to stay neutral please do not add commentary or your own personal analysis to wikipedia articles , as you did to knwa-tv . doing so violates wikipedia's neutral point of view policy and breaches the formal tone expected in an encyclopedia . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you .
0.03149551
remember to stay neutral please do not add commentary or your own personal analysis to wikipedia articles as you did to knwatv doing so vilates wikipedias neutral point of view policy and breaches the formal tone expected in an encyclopedia if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 
0.031271115
violates

: we got felled . ah well . it happens . it was definitely odd to see trolling which attempted to show liefeld in a more favable light . ; . .
0.044517566
we got felled ah well it happens it was definitely odd to see rolling which attempted to show liefeld in a more favable light 
0.034383122
trolling

= = wbc talk page = = what you did went way beyond refactoring - you removed comments .
0.048356485
wbc tlk page what you did went way beyond refactoring you removed comments 
0.036557715
talk

: actually , if you look at the histories , you have that backwards . what happened was , i think , everyone became a bit too ... excited — feh . arguably not great news , but i digress — and someone moved it to the dark night . then someone just copied and pasted the contents to what was already a somewhat biased redirect to the dark knight returns . in the end , that gipu probably had the most sense of all . he mentions batman , both books and the new movie . then someone else changed the movie title to the dark knight ( film ) as it should be . thus , it all worked out . now the only possible probably problem is that the title the dark night redirects to this movie . ha . ; . .
0.03845913
actually if you look at the histories you have that backwards what happened was i think everyone became a bit too excited — feh arguably not great news but i digress — and someone moved it to the dark night then someone just copied and pasted the contents to what was already a somewhat bised redirect to the dark knight returns in the end that gipu probably had the most sense of all he mentions batman both books and the new movie then someone else changed the movie title to the dark knight film as it should be thus it all worked out now the only possible probably problem is that the title the dark night redirects to this movie ha 
0.029132772
biased

= = birmingham = = hi , i noticed your comment at this afd discussion . i've suggested which articles should be kept , as you requested . however , please remember wp : bite : i think you were a little mean to our friend .
0.0270543
birmingham hi i noticed your comment at this afd discussion ive suggested which articles should be kept as you requested however please remember wp bte i think you were a little mean to our friend 
0.01760171
bite

:::: thank you very much for understanding and a good faith gesture , i respect people that do that , i look forward to working with you in the future , best of luck !
0.010374881
thank you very much for understanding and a good faith gesture i respect people that do that i lok forward to working with you in the future best of luck 
0.0072240313
look

king of hearts is a faggot ! =) that is all .
0.854148
king of hearts is a fggot that is all 
0.08491449
faggot

thanks tony . i agree with you . i have no intention of reducing buddhism to pure psychology and psychotherapy . i was just concerned about the ' focus'of the article . with metta
0.009192821
thanks tony i agree with you i have no intention of reducing buddhism to pre psychology and psychotherapy i was just concerned about the focusof the article with metta 
0.006994317
pure

::: monkeykiss , stephen i agree with you . i will ad the socio-political implications in the main section . in my opinion , the deeds ( kamma)and its effect of an individual , being completely irreversible , are stored in the collective memories of others . they pass on to others and future generations through social and biological mechanisms ( books , heridity , stories , fables etc ) . for e.g. hindus and muslims are still warring because of bad deeds of muslims committed 1000 years ago . thus there is no need for any etheral means for transfer of kamma from one generation to another . the rebirth concept is not necessary for the transfer of kamma . anyways atleast one thing is certain that the same person never takes re-birth again . kamma may recoil on the doer ( if i kill , i may get killed through revenge ) or it may have an impact on others ( if i take a bribe , my children will have to suffer social stigma ) or it can have effect on the future generations ( if i harm the environment mindlessly , future generations will not get clean water/air ) . it is not necessary that in all cases the deed kamma bounces back to the doer . still the law of kamma is sufficient for maintaining the moral order as the key learning is that all actions will leave an impact which is irreversible . thus its imperative to think before acting . there is no gain in regretting/praying later . your opinion pls ? with metta
0.12680681
monkeykiss stephen i agree with you i will ad the sociopolitical implications in the main section in my opinion the deeds kammaand its effect of an individual being completely irreversible are stored in the collective memories of others they pass on to others and future generations through social and biological mechanisms books heridity stories fables etc for eg hindus and mulims are still warring because of bad deeds of muslim committed 1000 years ago thus there is no need for any etheral means for transfer of kamma from one generation to another the rebirth concept is not necessary for the transfer of kamma anyways atleast one thing is certain that the same person never takes rebirth again kamma may recoil on the doer if i kill i may get killed through revenge or it may have an impact on others if i take a bribe my children will have to suffer social stigma or it can have effect on the future generations if i harm the environment mindlessly future generations will not get clean waterair it is not necessary that in all cases the deed kamma bounces back to the doer still the law of kamma is sufficient for maintaining the moral order as the key learning is that all actions will leave an impact which is irreversible thus its imperative to think before acting there is no gain in regrettingpraying later your opinion pls with metta 
0.07904377
muslims

::::: ahhh , i see what you mean . what about : :::::: the division of that kingdom formed the states of france and germany . gibbon , edward . the decline and fall of the roman empire . hans friedrich mueller ( ed ) . random house , 2003 . p . 888 . indeed , gibbon regards the kingdoms of france and germany as preexisting though integrated . it is their separation under the carolingians that is of historic importance . oman , charles . the dark ages 476 – 919 . rivingtons : london , 1914 . regards charlemagne's grandsons as the first kings of france and germany , which at the time comprised the whole of the carolingian empire save italy . the monastic reforms and the birth of feudalism originating from a centraly positioned francia made an imprint on western europe which lasts to this da ; indeed the frankish empire and its periphery defined western europe . ::::: which is more explicit ?
0.019180864
ahhh i see what you mean what about the division of that kingdom formed the states of france and germany gibbon edward the decline and fall of the roman empire hans friedrich mueller ed random house 2003 p 888 indeed gibbon regards the kingdoms of france and germany as preexisting though integrated it is their separation under the carolingians that is of historic importance oman charles the dark ages 476 – 919 rivingtons london 1914 regards charlemagnes grandsons as the first kings of france and germany which at the time comprised the whole of the carolingian empire save italy the monastic reforms and the birth of feualism originating from a centraly positioned francia made an imprint on western europe which lasts to this da indeed the frankish empire and its periphery defined western europe which is more explicit 
0.014223075
feudalism

this argument is pointless ... if someone creates a wexp page for the vermont station then the page wexp will just become a page that directs to either wexp ( la salle ) or wexp ( vermont ) ... or titles of that nature . theres also a wexp television station at de la salle high school as well .
0.06782999
this argument i pointless if someone creates a wexp page for the vermont station then the page wexp will just become a page that directs to either wexp la salle or wexp vermont or titles of that nature theres also a wexp television station at de la salle high school as well 
0.039468966
is

ah , the double standard at work . : so , any sanctions for the repeated false name-calling and you have acknowledged them as false and removal of warnings by socafan ? or does this latest example of his repeated bad behavior get a pass ? like i said , enabling . |
0.15186742
ah the double standard at work so any sanctions for the repeated malse namecalling and you have acknowledged them as fase and removal of warnings by socafan or does this latest example of his repeated bad behavior get a pass like i said enabling 
0.13967662
false

: do not place dispute tags improperly , as in when there is no dispute , and the reason for placing the dispute tag is because a suggested edit has failed to meet consensus . from the page you pretend to cite . like i said , reading-impaired , conveniently so . again , do not keeping believing other people are stupid . |
0.51335543
do not place dispute tags improperly as in when there is no dispute and the reason for placing the dispute tag is because a suggested edit has failed to meet consensus from the page you pretend to cite like i said readingimpaired conveniently so again do not keeping believing other people are stpid 
0.090408824
stupid

, 3 august 2006 ( utc ) hey , looks like your rehab program didn't take , and now socafan's been community-banned . your approach worked out real well , didn't it ? | 15:04
0.099472515
3 august 2006 utc hey looks like your rehab program didnt take and now socafans been communitybanned your approach worked out real wel didnt it 1504 
0.067286946
well

not know to this day what devil brought them into our country . we did not fetch them from jerusalem !... yes , we have and hold them captive , as i would like to keep my rheumatism , and all other diseases and misfortunes , who must wait as a poor servant , with money and property and everything i have ! i wish they were in hell with the other jews and whomsoever they would like to have with them .
0.61679494
not know to this day what devil brought them into our country we did not fetch them from jerusalem yes we have and hold them captive as i would like to keep my rheumatism and all other diseases and misfortunes who must wait as a poor servant with money and property and everything i have i wish they were in hel with the other jews and whomsoever they would like to have with them 
0.45862806
hell

