i was under the impression that the das reich division that committed the reprisal in oradour placed the explosives in the church - there was no known resistance movement in oradour . there was also no fire-fight , the townsfolk were segregated into men and women/children , the men ushered into barns where they were eventually shot with machine guns and then set on fire , and the church was barricaded and blown up using explosives and grenades . for a source , refer to various publications , such as robert hebras ' account ( survivor of the massacre ) , and max hasting's das reich . 12.27 , march 28 , 2006 ( utc )
0.061399948
i was under the impression that the das reich division that committed the reprisal in oradour placed the explosives in the church there was no known resistance movement in oradour there was also no firefight the townsfolk were segregated into men and womenchildren the men ushered into barns where they were eventually shot with machine guns and then set on fire and the church was barricaded and blown up using explosives and grenaes for a source refer to various publications such as robert hebras account survivor of the massacre and max hastings das reich 1227 march 28 2006 utc 
0.040302526
grenades

: no big deal about the block . but khoikhoi violated 3rr and ....?
0.088132046
no big dal about the block but khoikhoi violated 3rr and 
0.0715378
deal

= = response = = = = sorry i never got to reply to to the message you left me on my talk page : : you can explain your comments all you want , but the fact remains that wikipedia policy dictates that we discuss articles , not users . make sure you stick to that in the future . additionally , adding the ' unsourced ' tag to iranian peoples is quite innapropriate . a simple look at the page shows at least 12 sources , not 0 , as the tag implys . well what i was trying to explain is that i never make any personal statements about him ( with the exception of to promote a positive image of iran and iranians , which , as i explained later in the same section , any person assuming good faith would take as an insult ) . you also might want to talk to him about accusatory statements such as this one , personally pointing me out by name . i never did anything comparable to this . is this in accordance with your policy of we discuss articles , not users ???? as for the unsourced tag , it's been discussed in the talk page . the article does not provide any sources discussing the subject of the article . all the sources provided are about other ethnic groups , but they make side comments that have been taken out context and are contradictory to some of the other statements appearing on the page . the article is on iranian peoples , so it should contain at least one source discussing who these people are . such a source has yet to be provided . i think the article was initially meant to be written on the linguistic group of all speakers of iranian languages , but the definition has changed considerably due to some misunderstandings ( iran is also the name of a country and some iranian citizens see themselves as part of a greater ethnic group , that of iranian peoples - see the article on greater iran for signs of this ) . i'm not sure what's the best way to move on from here . the article definitely has to be rewritten with a clear definition in mind , but a lot of users are not being cooperative . i'd consider any advice or mediation . thanks , = =
0.06954385
response sorry i never got to reply to to the message you left me on my talk page you can explain your comments all you want but the fact remains that wikipedia policy dictates that we discuss articles not users make sure you stick to that in the future additionally adding the unsourced tag to iranian peoples is quite innapropriate a simple look at the page shows at least 12 sources not 0 as the tag implys well what i was trying to explain is that i never make any personal statements about him with the exception of to promote a positive image of iran and iranians which as i explained later in the same section any person assuming good faith would take as an inslt you also might want to talk to him about accusatory statements such as this one personally pointing me out by name i never did anything comparable to this is this in accordance with your policy of we discuss articles not users as for the unsourced tag its been discussed in the talk page the article does not provide any sources discussing the subject of the article all the sources provided are about other ethnic groups but they make side comments that have been taken out context and are contradictory to some of the other statements appearing on the page the article is on iranian peoples so it should contain at least one source discussing who these people are such a source has yet to be provided i think the article was initially meant to be written on the linguistic group of all speakers of iranian languages but the definition has changed considerably due to some misunderstandings iran is also the name of a country and some iranian citizens see themselves as part of a greater ethnic group that of iranian peoples see the article on greater iran for signs of this im not sure whats the best way to move on from here the article definitely has to be rewritten with a clear definition in mind but a lot of users are not being cooperative id consider any advice or mediation thanks 
0.040610563
insult

archived = = it looks like this page was already archived but the person archiving forgot to remove the archived material ( or put in the link ) . i finished the job . = =
0.028881684
archived it looks like this page was already archived but the person archiving forgot to remove the archived material or put in the link i finished the jo 
0.028310612
job

= = = update = = = i've replaced the dispute tag to better reflect the dispute here . if there is more than just one single source , a good compromise would be to include a range of numbers as oppose to revert warring to include a single source . but the sources would still have to be reliable . i'll check the sources when i get the chance and propose a reliable range . until then it would be very nice if people stop reverting things . the totallydisputed tag is there and people would probably read the talk page before believing the numbers .
0.020362109
update ive replaced the dispute tag to better reflect the dispute here if there is more than just one single source a good compromise would be to include a range of numbers as oppose to revert arring to include a single source but the sources would still have to be reliable ill check the sources when i get the chance and propose a reliable range until then it would be very nice if people stop reverting things the totallydisputed tag is there and people would probably read the talk page before believing the numbers 
0.01926357
warring

= = mr. kman = = hi . i dont like the tonne of your face . do you touch your mom with those fingers ?
0.39760572
mr kman hi i dont like the tonne of your face do you touch your mm with those fingers 
0.3320475
mom

exactly . the treatment i have received from phil welch , an individual who is on an obvious power trip and abusing his administrative resources for personal gain , is nothing short of outlandish and embarassing to wikipedia . i have consistently been a strong contributor to numerous articles and it is somewhat demoralizing to have been blocked from editing a page of which i was one of the primary creators of . this behaviour on phil welch's part strikes me as being ridiculously hypocritical .
0.35051882
exactly the treatment i have received from phil welch an individual who is on an obvious power trip and abusing his administrative resources for personal gain is nothing short of outlandish and embarassing to wikipedia i have consistently been a strong contributor to numerous articles and it is somewhat demoralizing to have been blocked from editing a page of which i was one of the primary creators of this behaviour on phil welchs part strikes me as being ridiculously hypocritial 
0.33075655
hypocritical

= = esperanza on your upage = = it seems your esperanza box is a little squished and thrown off to the right on your user page . i'd suggest fixing it , unless it is a personal style preference . i also noticed you're relatively new to the wiki , with only about 240 ( as your upage said ) edits . if you need help with anything , just click my 88 . rs
0.07328894
esperanza on your upage it seems your esperanza box is a little squished and hrown off to the right on your user page id suggest fixing it unless it is a personal style preference i also noticed youre relatively new to the wiki with only about 240 as your upage said edits if you need help with anything just click my 88 rs 
0.055159837
thrown

your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore . your mum is a big fat whore .
0.97086626
your mum is a big fav whore your mum is a big aft whore your mum is a big aft whore your mum is a big fate whore your mum is a big f a t whore your mum is a big aft whore your mum is a big ft whore your mum is a big ft whore your mum is a big fjt whore your mum is a big rfat whore your mum is a big aft whore your mum is a big f a t whore your mum is a big f a t whore your mum is a big fait whore your mum is a big ftt whore your mum is a big f a t whore your mum is a big at whore your mum is a big ft whore your mum is a big aft whore your mum is a big aft whore your mum is a big ft whore your mum is a big fta whore your mum is a big fot whore your mum is a big f a t whore your mum is a big fa whore your mum is a big fad whore your mum is a big ft whore your mum is a big uat whore your mum is a big faz whore your mum is a big fav whore your mum is a big fzat whore your mum is a big aft whore your mum is a big f a t whore your mum is a big ft whore your mum is a big fta whore your mum is a big f a t whore your mum is a big fpat whore your mum is a big fa whore your mum is a big f a t whore your mum is a big yfat whore your mum is a big fta whore your mum is a big ffat whore your mum is a big fdat whore your mum is a big aft whore your mum is a big fas whore your mum is a big aft whore your mum is a big fa whore your mum is a big  at whore your mum is a big tat whore your mum is a big fta whore your mum is a big aft whore your mum is a big ft whore your mum is a big fzat whore your mum is a big at whore your mum is a big ft whore your mum is a big fa whore your mum is a big  fat whore your mum is a big fta whore your mum is a big at whore your mum is a big faut whore your mum is a big tat whore your mum is a big nfat whore your mum is a big f a t whore your mum is a big ofat whore your mum is a big fmat whore your mum is a big fait whore your mum is a big f a t whore your mum is a big aft whore your mum is a big wat whore your mum is a big fta whore your mum is a big fta whore your mum is a big at whore 
0.957103
fat

= = merging pope christopher and antipope christopher = = sir , thank you very much for the merging of antipope christopher with pope christopher ... unfortunately , the contrary was better christopher was an antipope and not a pope . i acknowledge it was difficult to see when you read the two pages ! i will chang it myself later , after i've modified the text . thank you again . o )
0.0444101
merging poje christopher and antipope christopher sir thank you very much for the merging of antipope christopher with pop christopher unfortunately the contrary was better christopher was an antipope and not a ope i acknowledge it was difficult to see when you read the two pages i will chang it myself later after ive modified the text thank you again o 
0.02339018
pope

thanks for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks . ' 0 '''
0.012852618
thanks for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and has been reverted or removed plase use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks 0 
0.010755427
please

= = name of god = = in reference to the recent edits , whilst i agree that it is historically accurate that god and allah are just different translations and yahweh is a personal name , the fact remains that this is how god is reffered to by different people . the history , whilst interesting , is not known to most modern people so the change is unnessery .
0.065228336
name of god in reference to the recent edits whilst i agree that it is historically accurate that god and allah ar just different translations and yahweh is a personal name the fact remains that this is how god is reffered to by different people the history whilst interesting is not known to most modern people so the change is unnessery 
0.063334696
are

= = sony vegas = = good work on the sony vegas article - looks quite slick now . /
0.107608706
sony vegas good work on the sony vegas article looks quite slik now 
0.035434533
slick

= = views on non-muslims = = i'm adding some of khoimeini's views on non-muslims . it's well-sourced and should not be removed . if you want to make the section more neutral feel free to add some positive things he has said about non-muslims ( from credible sources of course ) .
0.07866963
views on nonmuslims im adding some of khoimeinis views on nonmuslims its wellsourced and should not be removed if you want to mae the section more neutral feel free to add some positive things he has said about nonmuslims from credible sources of course 
0.019854946
make

= = lucian bute = = hey , nice work on lucian bute on the romanian wikipedia . you can always add stuff like stats and career highlights on the english article as well . thanks for taking interest in my article and one of the best young prospects in boxing ! -
0.023569958
lucian bute hey nice work on lucian bute on the romanian wikipedia you can always add stuff like stats and career highlights on the english article as well thanks for taking interest in my article and one of the best yung prospects in boxing 
0.015695484
young

: pump up the volume ? yes ! not nearly enough people know about that movie . fan-tastic ! i don't know if you've heard , but word is that once all the playing the angel singles have been released , there will be an album with remixes of all of those ( looking forward to that , too ) . and i couldn't possibly argue with you about the downward spiral . artistically , it's simply a masterpiece , and i don't believe he could hope to top it , either .
0.03141268
pump up the volume yes not nearly enough people know about that movie fantastic i dont know if youve heard but word s that once all the playing the angel singles have been released there will be an album with remixes of all of those looking forward to that too and i couldnt possibly argue with you about the downward spiral artistically its simply a masterpiece and i dont believe he could hope to top it either 
0.020311203
is

vandalism please refrain from adding nonsense to wikipedia , as you did to funny farm ( film ) . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox .
0.1671174
vandalism please refrain from adding nonsens to wikipedia as you did to funny farm film it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox 
0.13004419
nonsense

mate you are clearly a wanker . it's just interesting historically correct article that you ( ie . uninteresting internet geeks ) have nothing better to do then get involved with . whats the point of this site if people can't write informative articles if nonces like yourself keep getting involved ?
0.39403477
mate you are clearly a wnker its just interesting historically correct article that you ie uninteresting internet geeks have nothing better to do then get involved with whats the point of this site if people cant write informative articles if nonces like yourself keep getting involved 
0.2819724
wanker

please stop vandalising my page
0.35791236
please stop vandaliing my page 
0.20407958
vandalising

:: well i like to stay true to my userboxes ! ) . i modified my comment on afd as well . @
0.018026982
well i lke to stay true to my userboxes i modified my comment on afd as well 
0.015303012
like

care to google for at least 5 minutes before throwing tags . within 3 minutes i found the citation is quoted from * i . nistor , ,, basarabia , 10/1990 , p . 159 . ion nistor , was a chief ideologue of greater romanian nationalism in the early 20th century and in the interbellum and a fierce ukrainophobe . you can read more on him in the internet encyclopedia of ukraine as well as here in chernivtsi university and rumanization articles . the info in the statement is indeed dubious but the quote itself is taken from a historian's work . please stop abusing tags . nistor , while biased in interpretations , is an academic sholar and can be reasonably trusted on facts themselves . this is a too easy and lazy approach . at least care to look for the info before disrupting the articles and the other people's work with your tags .
0.12244976
care to google for at least 5 minutes before throwing tags within 3 minutes i found the citation is quoted from i nistor basarabia 101990 p 159 ion nistor was a chief ideologue of greater romanian nationalism in the early 20th century and in the interbellum and a fierce ukrainophobe you can read more on him in the internet encyclopedia of ukraine as well as here in chernivtsi university and rumanization articles the info in the statement is indeed dubious but the quote itself is taken from a historians work please stop abusing tags nistor while biased in interpretations is an academic sholar and can be reasonably trusted on facts themselves this is a too easy and azy approach at least care to look for the info before disrupting the articles and the other peoples work with your tags 
0.057059262
lazy

