what ? the guy clearly has consistently destroyed your arguments . why do you feel the need , when presented with such a massive body of evidence pointing quite clearly towards to contrary ( concerning the phrase in question ) , to argue against it and then when finally beaten claim that further debate would ' violate wikipedia policies ' . you quite clearly are a militantly pro-atheist , pro-nietzschean fool who can't accept anyone challenging his , and therefore irrefutable , view of the world . ::::: just goes to show though , you are just as dogmatic as the priests from the pulpit you so deride . :::::
0.32198837
what the guy clearly has consistently destroyed your arguments why do you feel the need when presented with such a massive body of evidence pointing quite clearly towards to contrary concerning the phrase in question to argue against it and then when finally beaten claim that further debate would violate wikipedia policies you quite clearly are a militantly proatheist pronietzschean foo who cant accept anyone challenging his and therefore irrefutable view of the world just goes to show though you are just as dogmatic as the priests from the pulpit you so deride 
0.28552476
fool

= = operation yao = = i've added a passage about the controversial new book operation yao i believe this book will at least cause some great controversy in the sports and political world over the next while . ( brodey )
0.020080905
operation yao ive added a passage about the controversial nw book operation yao i believe this book will at least cause some great controversy in the sports and political world over the next while brodey 
0.01696118
new

( utc ) : sunnis dont issue fatwas . they just sit around being sunnis . occasionally someone'll say takbir but the most the other sunnis'll do is allahu ... meh . 21:14 , 21 january 2006
0.09166332
utc sunnis dont issue fatwas they just it around being sunnis occasionally someonell say takbir but the most the other sunnisll do is allahu meh 2114 21 january 2006 
0.059890334
sit

= = blatant pov = = can't belive i actually read this beut before i edited it this article said : their nitro powered models have better performance , and compete better against other manufacturers . anyone actually involved in the hobby will know this is completly untrue and is at the very least an issue of hot debate , including it in the arcticle as fact is out of order .
0.06442541
blatant pov cant belive i actually read this beut before i edited it this article said their nitro powered models have better performance and compete better against other manufacturers anyone actually involved in the hobby will know this iso completly untrue and si at the very least an issue of hot debate including it in the arcticle as fact s out of order 
0.051304113
is

= = 1948 arab-israeli war = = your views on the ongoing deletion of good sourced content , references and footnotes and the addition of dubious material and original research to this article would be much appreciated if you have time .
0.035457324
1948 arabisraeli ar your views on the ongoing deletion of good sourced content references and footnotes and the addition of dubious material and original research to this article would be much appreciated if you have time 
0.017420996
war

= = thanks for the revert = = hey , i just wanted to say thanks for reverting my user page after gmaxwell deleted it . i know you aren't supposed to use fair use images in user namespace , but they've only been in for a day and i plan to move the article over today or tomorrow . i think what he did was definitely overkill , and very immature , and i'm glad people like you are around to clean up after people like him .
0.09931301
thanks for the revert hey i just wanted to say thanks for reverting my user page after gmaxwell deleted it i know you arent supposed to use fair use images in user namespace but theyve only been in for a day and i plan to move the article over today or tomorrow i think what he did was definitely overkill and very immture and im glad people like you are around to clean up after people like him 
0.05254217
immature

= = animated series edits by t-man = = look , t-man , you just don ; t seem to get it . this page , legends of the dark knight , is about a comic book series . you cannot simply use the = top level tag = to create a confusing double entry on this page for a comic book series and one episode of a tv show . episodes of tv shows , especially animated ones , do not get their own wikior top level entry . i am content with there being a = = notes = = section to point out this fact , although your write-up is too long and unverified and pov on the subject and it should be shortened further . please wait for consensus now before changing it again . thoughts by others ?
0.030294856
animated series edits by tman look tman you just don  seem to get it this page legends of the dark knight is about a comic book series you cannot simply use the top level tag to create a confusing double entry on this page for a comic book series and one episode of a tv show episodes of tv shows especially animated ones do not get their own wikior top level entry i am content with there being a notes section to point out this fact although your writeup is too long and unverified and pov on the subject and it should be shortened further please wait for consensus now before changing it again thoughts by others 
0.027440522
t

as they say in the movies , ooh behave . seriously , though , we are trying to write an encyclopedia here , so don't make joke edits . some readers looking for a serious article mightn't find them amusing . remember , millions of people read wikipedia , so we have to take what we do a bit seriously here . now go and play a little in wikipedia sandbox . and welcome ! hello , and welcome to wikipedia . thank you for your contributions . currently , you are editing without a username . you can continue to do so as you are not required to log in to wikipedia to read and write articles , however , logging in will result in a username being shown instead of your ip address ( yours is ) . logging in does not require any personal details . there are many other benefits for logging in to wikipedia . please note these points : * please respect others ' copyrights ; do not copy and paste the contents from webpages directly . * please use a neutral point of view to edit the article ; this is possibly the most important wikipedia policy . * if you are testing , please use the sandbox to do that . * do not add unreasonable contents into any articles , such as : copyrighted texts , advertisement messages , and texts that are not related to that article . both adding such unreasonable information and editing articles maliciously are considered vandalism . a user who repeatedly vandalises articles will be blocked from editing . the wikipedia tutorial is a good place to start learning about wikipedia . if you have any questions , ask me on my talk page – i will answer your questions as far as i can ! thank you again for contributing to wikipedia . from wikipedian :
0.031200895
as they say in the movies ooh behave seriously though we are trying to write an encyclopedia here so dont make joke edits some readers looking for a serious article mightnt find them amusing remember millions of people read wikipedia so we have to take what we do a bit seriously here now go and play a little in wikipedia sandbox and welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions currently you are editing without a username you can continue to do so as you are not required to log in to wikipedia to read and write articles however logging in will result in a username being shown instead of your ip address yours is logging in does not require any personal details there are many other benefits for logging in to wikipedia please note these points please respect others copyrights do not copy and paste the contents from webpages directly please use a neutral point of view to edit the article this is possibly the most important wikipedia policy if you are testing please use the sandbox to do that do not add unreasonable contents into any articles such as copyrighted texts advertisement messages and texts that are not related to that article both adding such unreasonable information and editing articles maliciously are considered vandalis a user who repeatedly vandalises articles will be blocked from editing the wikipedia tutorial is a good place to start learning about wikipedia if you have any questions ask me on my talk page – i will answer your questions as far as i can thank you again for contributing to wikipedia from wikipedian 
0.017446186
vandalism

= = blocked = = hi , i blocked you for 24 hours for being uncivil/personal attacks ( http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=list_of_state-named_avenues_in_washington%2c_d.c.& curid ; = 3819290&diff ; = 36367014&oldid ; = 36363898 ) . if you disagree with this block , please contact me by email ! regards , e
0.15245605
blocked hi i blocked you for 24 hours for being uncivilpersonal attaks httpenwikipediaorgwindexphptitlelistofstatenamedavenuesinwashington2cdc curid 3819290diff 36367014oldid 36363898 if you disagree with this block please contact me by email regards e 
0.13601968
attacks

he was forced to use the bulgaric codifications and fix ideas so that the people can hear his voice he was macedonian represed to expres other nationaliti in order to the political condition in thoose times
0.07859076
he was forced to use the bulgaric codifications and fix ideas so that the people can hear his voice he was macedonian represed to expres other nationaliti in order to the poltical condition in thoose times 
0.06134842
political

:: the beatles have 25 major cd albums . magical mystery tour is one of them . i feel it should be included in the big list . after all , magical mystery tour did become part of the official beatles catalogue , so i feel it should be included .
0.0034525457
the beatles have 25 major cd albums magical mystery tour is one of them i feel it should be included in the big list after all magical mystery tour did become prt of the official beatles catalogue so i feel it should be included 
0.0029917548
part

= = why the king james only movement rejects modern translations = = here is what was written : in the modern period , the king-james-only movement is opposed to new translations precisely because they're officially-endorsed by mainstream protestant denominations . reply : you would have to prove that . you would have to show direct quotes , direct cause and effect between the 1 . rejection by kjvo ( abreviated as kjvo on this page for the sake of brevity ) of the modern versions 2 . their own explanations of their rejections of modern versions because they are officially endorsed by mainstream protestant denominations . however , even if you could find such explanations in passing , the reason why kjvos reject modern versions is because the modern versions are innacurate , not because the official versions are endorsed by mainstream protestant denominations . most kjvos would not care who endorsed a particular version , if their own conclusions were that the version in question were accurate . therefore to suggest that in the modern period , the king-james-only movement is opposed to new translations precisely because they're officially-endorsed by mainstream protestant denominations . implies a cause and effect relationship between the conclusions of the kjvos and the basis upon which that reasoning was made , which is faulty . theo5
0.016723942
why the king james only movement rejects modern translations here is what was written in the modern period the kingjamesonly movement is opposed to new translations precisely because theyre officiallyendorsed by mainstream protestant denominations reply you would have to prove that you would have to show direct quotes direct cause and effect between the 1 rejection by kjvo abreviated as kjvo on this page for the sae of brevity of the modern versions 2 their own explanations of their rejections of modern versions because they are officially endorsed by mainstream protestant denominations however even if you could find such explanations in passing the reason why kjvos reject modern versions is because the modern versions are innacurate not because the official versions are endorsed by mainstream protestant denominations most kjvos would not care who endorsed a particular version if their own conclusions were that the version in question were accurate therefore to suggest that in the modern period the kingjamesonly movement is opposed to new translations precisely because theyre officiallyendorsed by mainstream protestant denominations implies a cause and effect relationship between the conclusions of the kjvos and the basis upon which that reasoning was made which is faulty theo5 
0.011999321
sake

= = book reference = = hi michael . we need an admin on book reference . you also voted on template talk : book reference #request to switch back to using qif to revert to the qif variant . i think there is clear consensus to do so ( ignore phil for now , he is also for the qif variant but seems to have a some strange nasty idea for a change , but there is no reason to wait any longer ) . please edit template : book reference and revert to http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=template:book_reference&oldid;=35664787 . if i had the mop and the bucket i would do it myself without hesitation . wp : aum is gone and neto lost its license to terror us with wp : aum . qif is the best we have for now and it produces decent html . in the long run that will be implemented in mediawiki anyway , possibly with an intermediate step having conditional logic in mediawiki . thank you .
0.05780247
book reference hi michael we need an admin on book reference you also voted on template talk book reference request to switch back to using qif to revert to the qif variant i think there is clear consensus to do so ignore phil for now he is also for the qif variant but seems to have a some strange nsty idea for a change but there is no reason to wait any longer please edit template book reference and revert to httpenwikipediaorgwindexphptitletemplatebookreferenceoldid35664787 if i had the mop and the bucket i would do it myself without hesitation wp aum is gone and neto lost its license to terror us with wp aum qif is the best we have for now and it produces decent html in the long run that will be implemented in mediawiki anyway possibly with an intermediate step having conditional logic in mediawiki thank you 
0.032215748
nasty

