= = some advice = = i'd recommend spending some time in #wikipedia -en-vandalism . on the s-p page today , you mentioned the case of a page that gets hit 10 times a day but that only one person has watchlisted . that doesn't really happen . ) if you go to w-e-v , you will see that one of the functions of the bot is to watchlist pages . so essentially everyone in that room is watching the pages that are vandalized ... and we add new pages to the list constantly . so it's possible for a page to fall through the cracks but with that room and the vandal fighter and the rc patrol , it's pretty hard .
0.13414705
some advice id recommend spending some time in wikipedia envandalism on the sp page today you mentioned the case of a page that gets hit 10 times a day but that only one person has watchlisted that doesnt really happen if you go to wev you will see that one of the functions of the bot is to watchlist pages so essentially everyone in that room is watching the pages that are vandalized and we add ne pages to the list constantly so its possible for a page to fall through the cracks but with that room and the vandal fighter and the rc patrol its pretty hard 
0.08974198
new

* #there is no moderator here . * #please familiarize yourself with wikipedia's neutral point of view policy .
0.11116541
there s no moderator here please familiarize yourself with wikipedias neutral point of view policy 
0.01718195
is

greece is a country which was part of the ottoman empire , where a lot of people are turks , where they speak some dialect and they want to have the macedonian name . this is my opinion about your country and these are also facts . you once were part of the ottoman empire , you have big turkish minority in the eastern part of the country , every part of greece uses some specific dialect of the greek language and you are claiming the ownership of the name macedonia . about the macedonian language : this language is recognized as official in our country and it is different from any other language in the world . that fact is recognized by many relevant international linguistic institutions . i can assure you have many friends in macedonia that simply don't understand bulgarian at all . simply , macedonian language is not a dialect of bulgarian no matter how much you are truing to repeat that hoping that it will become true .
0.043598082
greece is a country which was part of the ottoman empire where a lot of people are turks where they speak some dialect and they want to have the macedonian name this is my opinion about your country and these are also facts you once were part of the ottoman empire you have big turkish minority in the eastern part of the country every part of greece uses some specific dialect of the greek language and you are claiming the ownership of the name macedonia about the macedonian language this language is recognized as official in our country and it is different from any other language in the world that fac is recognized by many relevant international linguistic institutions i can assure you have many friends in macedonia that simply dont understand bulgarian at all simply macedonian language is not a dialect of bulgarian no matter how much you are truing to repeat that hoping that it will become true 
0.036270525
fact

: honey , if you cannot agree with the fork , which consists of neutral information , you're unlikely to agree to any other realistic description of what appears to be your nemesis . perhaps you should not take this article personally . |
0.09413443
honey if you cannot agree with the fork which consists of neutral information youre unlikely to agree to any other realistic description of what appears to be your nemesi perhaps you should not take this article personally 
0.06542355
nemesis

ogstrokes and 24.239.149.9 are the same person . 24.239.149.9 was before registration , and ogstrokes is after registration .
0.011336519
ogstrokes and 242391499 ae the same person 242391499 was before registration and ogstrokes is after registration 
0.007339876
are

i will indeed , thank you for your welcome , great to be back ! it's really sad that these guys have been attacking everyone who doesn't conform to their ideology . 3 months on and still they are hung on to poor language and extremism .
0.19994177
i will indeed thank you for your welcome great to be back its really sad that these guys have been atacking everyone who doesnt conform to their ideology 3 months on and still they are hung on to poor language and extremism 
0.18457837
attacking

horace mann does have the best model un team in the country . you're clearly just jealous because you weren't good enough to attend
0.2392888
horace mann does have the best model un team in the country youre clearly just jelous because you werent good enough to attend 
0.1432173
jealous

what about non- macedonians ( nation ) macedonians ( region ) whp still want to remain macedonians ( region ) . do they have to stop calling themselves macedonians ( region ) or do they have to rename the region where they leave ? move to macedonia ( state ) from macedonia ( region ) ? how many years do you macedonian region ) greeks , bulgarian macedonians ( region ) and macedonians ( nation ) want to spend over this problem that has no solution ? lets break the rope with a knife like alexander did , you need better politisians you macedonians ( region ) and macedonians ( nation )
0.14617817
what about non macedonians nation macedonians region whp still want to remain macedonians region do they have to stop calling themselves macedonians region or do they have to rename the region where they leave move to macedonia state from macedonia region how many years do you macedonian region greeks bulgarian macedonians region and macedonians nation want to spend over this problem that has no solution lets break the rope with a kife like alexander did you need better politisians you macedonians region and macedonians nation 
0.10923495
knife

::: and to you ! good luck with your gcse btw - i was doing mine only eight months ago ! ]]
0.053267155
and to you good luck with your cse btw i was doing mine only eight months ago 
0.04528477
gcse

:::: please don't let your personal feelings cloud the matter . as you can see , added the term international front for jihad against jews and crusaders to the first of the al-qaeda article on december 9 . the term has remained there ever since ( through 70 edits ) . i didn't add the name of the organization to the al-qaeda article ; i simply made it a link to an expanded article . i understand that you want to make this thing about muslims vs . christians and jews , but it simply isn't . many jews don't like zionism or crusading , and speaking as a christian , i can say that i don't like those things either . if we are forced to take sides in this war , i feel confident that most of us will not be on the side of the zionists and crusaders .
0.1187819
please dont let your personal feelings cloud the matter as you can see added the term international front for jihad against j e w s and crusaders to the first of the alqaeda article on december 9 the term has remained there ever since through 70 edits i didnt add the name of the organization to the alqaeda article i simply made it a link to an expanded article i understand that you want to make this thing about muslims vs christians and jesw but it simply isnt many jes dont like zionism or crusading and speaking as a christian i can say that i dont like those things either if we are forced to take sides in this war i feel confident that most of us will not be on the side of the zionists and crusaders 
0.1162067
jews

you have been temporarily blocked from editing for vandalism of wikipedia . if you wish to make useful contributions , you may come back after the block expires .
0.0837946
you have been temporarily blocked from editing for vandalsm of wikipedia if you wish to make useful contributions you may come back after the block expires 
0.045619804
vandalism

anyone willing to expand on this ? i am currently attempting to do so but there is not much information available on him . i have made the page look better so far and i am going to attempt to set some clear cut sections to write under .
0.022736551
anyone willing to expand on this i am currently attempting to do so but there is not much information available on him i have made the page look better so far and i am ging to attempt to set some clear cut sections to write under 
0.018787375
going

i've done that ; what's the point ? you pick a user name and that's it . there's nothing that particulary identifies me in any way . thanks , but i really think i'm wasting my time here . further esearch on the web indicates that the wikipedia is rapidly becoming a laughing stock due to its one-size-fits-all editorial policies . the one thing that more people find more offensive than anything else is your automatic asumption that the extreme minority view must by definition somehow be wrong . tell that to numerous nobel prize winners . as for girolamo savonarola's statement : but ones from competitors like arri and third parties such as technicolor and sony : none of them took this idea seriously . i don't know who you've been talking to , but there's a vast army of employees of all those companies who can't be taken seriously ! it appears that , as before , ** factual ** information on panavision is only going to be available from one source , and it's not this one .
0.11994732
ive done that whats the point you pick a user name and thats it theres nothing that particulary identifies me in any way thanks but i really think im wastig my time here further esearch on the web indicates that the wikipedia is rapidly becoming a laughing stock due to its onesizefitsall editorial policies the one thing that more people find more offensive than anything else is your automatic asumption that the extreme minority view must by definition somehow be wrong tell that to numerous nobel prize winners as for girolamo savonarolas statement but ones from competitors like arri and third parties such as technicolor and sony none of them took this idea seriously i dont know who youve been talking to but theres a vast army of employees of all those companies who cant be taken seriously it appears that as before factual information on panavision is only going to be available from one source and its not this one 
0.046404846
wasting

you are talking nonsense again . the reconstructed pronunciation is not a modern theory nor has it been substantiated by modern linguists . repeating the same old 19th century out of date fallacies in a modern book does not constitute evidence or substantiation . the only differnece between modern linguists repitition of these fallacies and the original is that the modern linguists have removed all of the racist slurs from the original work ( well most of them anyway ) and have included the disclaimer that none of the nonsense they are regurgitating is provable given the historical evidence , or rather the complete lack of it , and modern research which is unanimously against the theory . thanos papadimitrakopulos publication is a perfectly valid source since it postdates the standard form of the reconstructed pronunciation that is still taught today ( a theory that is never substantiated to students but is taught as unproven dogma ) and he has never been refuted . chrys c . caragounis is a linguistics expert and a philologist and is thus a valid source . development of greek and the new testament , mohr siebeck ( isbn 3161482905 ) is his most recent publication a probable the most recent research on ancient greek pronunciation in existence . anyone claiming to be an expert in ancient greek that still believes in the reconstructed pronunciation has no right to be called an expert since it is like believing in the ptolemaic earth centred universe which observations have shown to be wrong . all of the experts in semitic linguistics are against the reconstructed pronunciation of ancient greek since they make it perfectly clear that ancient greek was pronounced like modern greek at the time the septuagint was translated from the original hebrew in 280 bc . this therefore implies that classical greek must have been pronounced like modern greek as well otherwise 72 hebrew expert who were taught ancient greek as children 50 years earlier would not have associated the proto-semitic fricative gimel in gomorra which was no longer used in the written language but was only spoken as a breath with the greek letter gamma . gamma therefore must have been fricative and there a myriads of other examples that semitic linguists use to show that ancient greek was pronounced like modern greek and that the hebrew alphabet represented the mediae and dasea and z as fricatives . it is clear from the study of semitic linguistics and from experts in the filed like caragounis and papadimitrakopulos that the reconstructed pronunciation is a racist sham based on germanic supremacy ( as can be seen from the slurs in the papers of is original creators ) and an affront to science and the only reason why it is still being tangut is for ethnocentric reasons alone .
0.1755619
you are talking nonsese again the reconstructed pronunciation is not a modern theory nor has it been substantiated by modern linguists repeating the same old 19th century out of date fallacies in a modern book does not constitute evidence or substantiation the only differnece between modern linguists repitition of these fallacies and the original is that the modern linguists have removed all of the racist slurs from the original work well most of them anyway and have included the disclaimer that none of the nonsnse they are regurgitating is provable given the historical evidence or rather the complete lack of it and modern research which is unanimously against the theory thanos papadimitrakopulos publication is a perfectly valid source since it postdates the standard form of the reconstructed pronunciation that is still taught today a theory that is never substantiated to students but is taught as unproven dogma and he has never been refuted chrys c caragounis is a linguistics expert and a philologist and is thus a valid source development of greek and the new testament mohr siebeck isbn 3161482905 is his most recent publication a probable the most recent research on ancient greek pronunciation in existence anyone claiming to be an expert in ancient greek that still believes in the reconstructed pronunciation has no right to be called an expert since it is like believing in the ptolemaic earth centred universe which observations have shown to be wrong all of the experts in semitic linguistics are against the reconstructed pronunciation of ancient greek since they make it perfectly clear that ancient greek was pronounced like modern greek at the time the septuagint was translated from the original hebrew in 280 bc this therefore implies that classical greek must have been pronounced like modern greek as well otherwise 72 hebrew expert who were taught ancient greek as children 50 years earlier would not have associated the protosemitic fricative gimel in gomorra which was no longer used in the written language but was only spoken as a breath with the greek letter gamma gamma therefore must have been fricative and there a myriads of other examples that semitic linguists use to show that ancient greek was pronounced like modern greek and that the hebrew alphabet represented the mediae and dasea and z as fricatives it is clear from the study of semitic linguistics and from experts in the filed like caragounis and papadimitrakopulos that the reconstructed pronunciation is a racist sham based on germanic supremacy as can be seen from the slurs in the papers of is original creators and an affront to science and the only reason why it is still being tangut is for ethnocentric reasons alone 
0.15829143
nonsense

: dodger - and a merry whatever it is you celebrate too ) to sign your name you just need to type three tildas (~~~) and to sign and date put four tildas (~~~~) . in the edit box , this will just look like tildas , but when you save the page the software automatically converts it for you . if you have java enabled on your browser you will see a signature looking button at the top of the edit box ( it is the second from the right ) if you click this it will automatically put four tildas for you . if you want to change how your signature appears , you can go to my preferences which is at the top right of the webpage . there you can alter your signature . i've done this which is why my signature looks a little different from other's . does this help ? again , welcome ! best , kevin [][]
0.028803421
odger and a merry whatever it is you celebrate too to sign your name you just need to type three tildas and to sign and date put four tildas in the edit box this will just look like tildas but when you save the page the software automatically converts it for you if you have java enabled on your browser you will see a signature looking button at the top of the edit box it is the second from the right if you click this it will automatically put four tildas for you if you want to change how your signature appears you can go to my preferences which is at the top right of the webpage there you can alter your signature ive done this which is why my signature looks a little different from others does this help again welcome best kevin 
0.0142981
dodger

* with the same reasoning you could say that catholics worship the virgian mary as a goddess , but adccording to ' official ' theology this isn't the case . i know some zororastrians and they claim to have one god . as far as being the equivalet of angels etc . ... i can't really comment .
0.03304199
with the same reasoning you could say that catholics worship the virgian mary as a goddess but adccording to official theology this isnt the case i know some zororastrians and they claim to have one god as far as eing the equivalet of angels etc i cant really comment 
0.024839073
being

= = im back ! = = have a look on the page bro , im back andvery much here . i have read somewhere that when 2 parties are constantly engaged in any dispute , at some point somewhere , they do almost miss the other when their no longer around . this feeling from your side is fully appreciated and mutual bro . no hard feelings outside of the article ( or even inside in fact)you have your beliefs , i have mine . but it's good to hear from you , you do amuse me somewhat , lol . )
0.15016687
im back have a look on the page bro im back andvery much here i have read somewhere that when 2 parties are constantly engaged in any dispute at some point somewhere they do almost miss the other when their no longer around this feeling from your side is fully appreciated and mutual bro no hard feelings outside of the article or even inside in factyou have your beliefs i have mine but its good to hear from you you do amus me somewhat lol 
0.088496216
amuse

** i'm talking about valid comments buddy . use your head . you have it for a reason ...
0.41282642
im talking about valid comments buddy use your hed you have it for a reason 
0.1967622
head

= = take your own advice = = and stop harassing me !
0.5040637
take your own advice and stop harassng me 
0.25654364
harassing

