= = fitzroy = = hi , where did you get the death date for henry fitzroy , i note that the dictionary of national biography also says 22nd dec 1859 , but the edition of the times from sayurday 20th dec 1859 clearly say he died the previous tuesday , i.e. 17th .
0.04990862
fitzroy hi where did you get the deat date for henry fitzroy i note that the dictionary of national biography also says 22nd dec 1859 but the edition of the times from sayurday 20th dec 1859 clearly say he died the previous tuesday ie 17th 
0.041058406
death

= = other changes = = * there are three nius ( nius are the cards inside of the two slot mounting cases , not the case themselves ) in the first picture , not two . the single card in the left case looks to be either a hdsl or hdsl4 niu . the left card in the left case is a hdsl2 niu . more accurately , those are htu-r ( or h2tu-r or h4tu-r ) cards , that terminates hdsl data and outputs a ds1 signal , functionally similar to older t1 niu , but are not compatible with a t1 system . * explanatory information on variants ( t1c ( two concantenated t1s ) , etc . * from a service provider to a customer , it would look something like [ dsx-1}{orb]3kft[rptr]6kt[rptr ] ... [ niu][csu][dsu][cpe ] showing the spacing between the office repeater in the office repeater bay ( orb ) and the first line repeater as 3000 feet ( 3kft ) and spacing between subsequent repeaters as 6kft . * emphasis ( at least orginally ) on t1 as being a span system . * designed as a short haul interoffice transport for use inside the telephone companies , and as part of t carrier system linking two d1 channel banks : [ d1 bank][dsx-1]x[dsx-1][orb][rptr ] .... [ rptr][orb]dsx-1]x[dsx-1][d1 bank ] * links to other ( analog ) carrier systems , showing t1 development in context .
0.015540453
other changes there are three nius nius are the cards inside of the two slot mounting cases not the case themselves in the first picture not two the single card in the left case looks to be either a hdls or hdsl4 niu the left card in the left case is a hdsl2 niu more accurately those are htur or h2tur or h4tur cards that terminates dsl data and outputs a ds1 signal functionally similar to older t1 niu but are not compatible with a t1 system explanatory information on variants t1c two concantenated t1s etc from a service provider to a customer it would look something like dsx1orb3kftrptr6ktrptr niucsudsucpe showing the spacing between the office repeater in the office repeater bay orb and the first line repeater as 3000 feet 3kft and spacing between subsequent repeaters as 6kft emphasis at least orginally on t1 as being a span system designed as a short haul interoffice transport for use inside the telephone companies and as part of t carrier system linking two d1 channel banks d1 bankdsx1xdsx1orbrptr rptrorbdsx1xdsx1d1 bank links to other analog carrier systems showing t1 development in context 
0.006910115
hdsl

= = new images = = is it just me or do the images added by rocky88 make this article look damn ugly . would revert but thought i'd leave it to people who contribute to the article to decide if it needs reverting .
0.5535819
new images is it just me or do the images added by rocky88 make this article look damn ugl would revert but thought id leave it to people who contribute to the article to decide if it needs reverting 
0.25099868
ugly

= = vandalism ? = = all edits i have made have been 100% factual and i would be glad to provide any sources . please do not revert my edits unless you have counter-sources or atleast a valid excuse .
0.11925193
vandalism all edits i have made have been 100 factual and i would be glad to provide any sources please do not revert my edits unless you have countersources or atlest a valid excuse 
0.09596503
atleast

please don't remove npov tags ; doing so is considered vandalism .
0.1611458
please dont remove npov tags doing so is considered vanalism 
0.09017805
vandalism

= = futurama = = futurama had an episode where zap brannigan arrested the delivery crew for having a large pair of scissors and he mentions something about the game . perhaps somebody can watch it to see what was said and add it .
0.047243103
futurama futurama had an episode where zap brannigan arrsted the delivery crew for having a large pair of scissors and he mentions something about the game perhaps somebody can watch it to see what was said and add it 
0.023521563
arrested

= = thank you = = thank you for the welcome ! i am borrowing of the tags on bush on my userpage . i must congratulate you on your conversion ! please , help to fix islamophobia . it is full of yehudi bias !
0.1612782
thank you thank you for the welcome i am borrowing of the tags on bush on my userpage i must congratulate you on your conversion please help to fix islamophobia it is full of yehudi ias 
0.09620053
bias

= = mediation = = hi , i'm your friendly cabal mediator , here to try and achieve consensus , resulting in a better quality article ) - my initial surprise is that there seem to be hardly any inline citation for all these claims . if people would be so kind as to insert {{ fact }} tags where they think a part needs citing , that would be a good start . it would also be great if both sides of the debate could outline below why they object to about the other sides version . please try and keep it as a numbered list ( this will be useful later on ) , also please try and refrain from commenting in the other users section , we can discuss this after the positions are laid out . = = = version of mcgonicle = = = # ? = = = version of 195.92.67 . *** = = = # ?
0.09388182
mediation hi im your friendly cabal mediator here to try and achieve consensus resulting in a better quality article my initial surprise is that there seem to be hardly any inline citation for all these claims if people would be so kind as to insert fact tags where they think a part needs citing that would be a good start it would also be great if both sides of the debate could outline below why they object to about the other sides version please try and keep it as a numbered list this will be useful later on also please try and refrain from commenting in the other users section we can discuss this after the positions are lai out version of mcgonicle version of 1959267 
0.023921981
laid

= = i'm sick of your britanniphobic edits ! = = i'm getting extremely sick of your avowedly britanniphobic edits especially in relation to my numismatic articles ! please stop this at once ! - ( )
0.5970849
im fsick of your britanniphobic edits im getting extremely sck of your avowedly britanniphobic edits especially in relation to my numismatic articles please stop this at once 
0.29314893
sick

= = excuse me ? = = hi there . this is . i was just notified that you e-mailed whom i met on wikipedia and told him that i'm a 35-year-old-man . i'm curious where you got that information . the last time i checked , i was a fifteen-year-old girl . tell me honestly : if i was a thirty-five-year-old man , where would i be pretending to be a teenage girl on wikipedia , or on a cybersex chat ? if you're still not convinced , feel free to google my username ( purplefeltangel ) or my e-mail address ( bizzaleth@rogers.com ) . you'll find information dating back years , most of it consistent ,. where it isn't , it's because i avoided using my real name or faked my age to get by coppa . in my vast online world , i have oekaki accounts , a deviantart , an advicenators account , several blogs , a livejournal , at least 15 neopets accounts , forum accounts on sailor moon websites , a wikicity , an amazon account and many reviews to go with it , fictionpress and fanfiction.net, usenet postings , and much more . my mom even has a blog . i've been on the internet since i was eight that's seven years , by the way , and in all that time there has never been any evidence that i'm not who i say i am . i've had voice conversations with many people and exchanged letters with others . do you think i'd be able to pull all that off ? these kinds of accusations are not only hurtful , but libellious and just plain mean . didn't your mother ever teach you to think twice before you spread gossip ? before you get defensive , please just tell me who told you this . i don't want to start trouble , just avoid any that this might cause me . you might even be able to give the information i've just given you to whomever started this rather nasty rumour . please respond at my e-mail , bizzaleth@rogers.com or purplefeltangel@livejournal.com . ( both go to the same box , but the latter looks nicer . ) thanks , ( purplefeltangel )
0.15899298
excuse me hi there this is i was just notified that you emailed whom i met on wikipedia and told him that im a 35yearoldman im curious where you got that information the last time i checked i was a fifteenyearold girl tell me honestly if i was a thirtyfiveyearold man where would i be pretending to be a teenage girl on wikipedia or on a cybersex chat if youre still not convinced feel free to google my username purplefeltangel or my email address bizzalethrogerscom youll find information dating back years most of it consistent where it isnt its because i avoided using my real name or faked my age to get by coppa in my vast online world i have oekaki accounts a deviantart an advicenators account several blogs a livejournal at least 15 neopets accounts forum accounts on sailor moon websites a wikicity an amazon account and many reviews to go with it fictionpress and fanfictionnet usenet postings and much more my mom even has a blog ive been on the internet since i was eight thats seven years by the way and in all that time there has never been any evidence that im not who i say i am ive had voice conversations with many people and exchanged letters with others do you think id be able to pull all that off these kinds of accusations are not only hurtful but libellious and just plain mean didnt your mother ever teach you to think twice before you spread gossip before you get defensive please just tell me who told you this i dont want to start trouble just avoid any that this might cause me you might even be able to give the information ive just given you to whomever started this rather naty rumour please respond at my email bizzalethrogerscom or purplefeltangellivejournalcom both go to the same box but the latter looks nicer thanks purplefeltangel 
0.15049724
nasty

i've examined the checkuser evidence . at this time i see no evidence of prohibited sockpuppetry .
0.18959333
ive examined the checkuser evidence at this time i see no evidence of prohibited sokpuppetry 
0.04734875
sockpuppetry

: your change originally appeared to me as your blanking the entire article . i don't know why that happened , but that is a very bad glitch . i now see that you only removed one unreferenced sentence ; a perfectly appropriate edit . sorry about the vandalism warning above .
0.15830338
your change originally appeared to me as your blanking the entire article i dont know why that happened but that is a very bad glitch i now see that you only removed one unreferenced sentence a perfectly appropriate edit sorry about the vandalim warning above 
0.1389356
vandalism

= = why is there not new information on the canadian election ? = = please post new information on the canadian election , as it is worthy of featured news . is there bias towards a losing candidate or what ? darth mhaw
0.09498218
why is there not new information on the canadian election please post new information on the canadian election as it is worthy of featured news is there bas towards a losing candidate or what darth mhaw 
0.05158976
bias

can you please not upload the state name images on top of the neutered ones ( like with i-678 ) ? - )
0.18571416
can you please not upload the state name images on top of the neutere ones like with i678 
0.05932385
neutered

= = proposal = = hello caljw . would you be interested in running for and admin ? -
0.044174735
proposal hello cajw would you be interested in running for and admin 
0.043856334
caljw

