thanks for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and has been removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks .
0.013689599
thanks for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and has been removed plase use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks 
0.012667997
please

what exactly do you mean by that ? sorry , but the purpose of the page is to let people discuss the article , and this editing style of yours is driving off everybody who was actually doing that what do you mean by this editing style of yours ? are you suggesting that i have edit anything else but my own text ? or do you mean that i musn't perform any kind of correction on my own texts ? where are your several warnings that you talk about in the other site and who are obligatory to all admin before bloking a user ? to let people discuss of what article ? what are you talking about ? this site purpose is not to discuss any article , are you completely unsane ? did you read this site entirely at any time ? you have absolutely no rights what so ever to shortened the texts of other people . it is absolutely none of your business and it isn't part of your job as an admi . i found you vendicativ and partial , and you do not have what it take to be an administrator of this site if of any other . so , get lost !!! you too vaguely know about the subject , you do not know essential texts made in original languages ( big minus ) you don't even have followed the development of the discussions on this site , you first came in a week ago , you make falsh accusations to a victim of vandalism , you deny that fact once presented with evidences of it , you reiter your error and banish that person again because of personal dislike and professionnal failure to read and interprete correctly archives contain , you consciously wrongly accuse me of having perpetrated editing functions on other people text when it is a mistake from you , you are arrogant and insulting , and you deny factual proof who incommodate you . go to hell ! and thats even too good for a crook and charlatan like you . ask georg to join you , i am sure the profiles feet . i am done at trying to square a circle or pour a quart into a pint pot , by trying to explain basical things to you . you don't have what it take to get it and it ain't going to happen sometime soon . rend mig i alfabeten ! sophie there is more style over me than you could ever dream to possess . get yourself a life !
0.5614588
what exactly do you mean by that sorry but the purpose of the page is to let people discuss the article and this editing style of yours is driving off everybody who was actually doing that what do you mean by this editing style of yours are you suggesting that i have edit anything else but my own text or do you mean that i musnt perform any kind of correction on my own texts where are your several warnings that you talk about in the other site and who are obligatory to all admin before bloking a user to let people discuss of what article what are you talking about this site purpose is not to discuss any article are you completely unsane did you read this site entirely at any time you have absolutely no rights what so ever to shortened the texts of other people it is absolutely none of your business and it isnt part of your job as an admi i found you vendicativ and partial and you do not have what it take to be an administrator of this site if of any other so get lost you too vaguely know about the subject you do not know essential texts made in original languages big minus you dont even have followed the development of the discussions on this site you first came in a week ago you make falsh accusations to a victim of vandalism you deny that fact once presented with evidences of it you reiter your error and banish that person again because of personal dislike and professionnal failure to read and interprete correctly archives contain you consciously wrongly accuse me of having perpetrated editing functions on other people text when it is a mistake from you you are arrogant and insulting and you deny factual proof who incommodate you go to hell and thats even too good for a crook and charlatan like you ask georg to join you i am sure the profiles feet i am done at trying to square a circle or pour a quart into a pint pot by trying to explain basical things to you you dont have what it take to get it and it aint going to happen sometime soon rend mig i alfabeten sophie there is more style over me than you could ever dream to possess get yourself a lif 
0.4144272
life

= = re : ( again ) = = for the last time , i am not the one who vandalized hephaestos ' user page , so stop accusing me !
0.3246167
re again for the last time i am not the one who vandalzed hephaestos user page so stop accusing me 
0.316573
vandalized

i demand that you stop your trolling and personal attacks immediately !
0.521934
i demand that you stop your trollin and personal attacks immediately 
0.4607564
trolling

= = pfd's ... = = some of the pages i created were posted as pfd's for days now , and they were voted to keep , do you know when should the templates be removed ?
0.06225795
pfds some of the paes i created were posted as pfds for days now and they were voted to keep do you know when should the templates be removed 
0.047368605
pages

thanks for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and has been removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . thanks . - ( my rfa )
0.012963416
thanks for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and has been removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would lke to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia thanks my rfa 
0.01138348
like

pleeease do not change this i dont think it can better any get please lisa kushell marry me!!!!'
0.112647444
pleeease d not change this i dont think it can better any get please lisa kushell marry me 
0.06472521
do

= = nude images = = where would one find the nude images of sheryl de grippo ( link ) ? cheers .
0.11618366
nued images where would one find the nue images of sheryl de grippo link cheers 
0.013450035
nude

145allen ave ocean side ny 11572 6787173 she need tom cruise drinner eat send you the money to you tia nancycruise cruz she write book about hime so much ticke to your show 6787173oprah winefey to your show whant whant tolet hime see the book bout hime so much i dream bout hime so much she like to meet hime so much my dream bout hime so much sat 630 to see hime tom cruise sat to have funny fanny oprah winfey cut the nall in side let tom cruise see the nall i cut tham so much call me wihte wihe nice care to meet tom cruise
0.16758212
145allen ave ocean side ny 11572 6787173 she need tom cruise drinner at send you the money to you tia nancycruise cruz she write book about hime so much ticke to your show 6787173oprah winefey to your show whant whant tolet hime see the book bout hime so much i dream bout hime so much she like to meet hime so much my dream bout hime so much sat 630 to see hime tom cruise sat to have funny fanny oprah winfey cut the nall in side let tom cruise see the nall i cut tham so much call me wihte wihe nice care to meet tom cruise 
0.1478506
eat

= = merda ! = = please please please dont do that i am really sorry ! just give me one more chance i'm really feeling the bad about all this . its friday night after all and i just got here . there's a 5 hour time difference you know between us . dont let that become a gulf that separates two human beings this is the internet lets all just be nice . please dont do mean things to me i'll get better i pormise !
0.1769402
merda please please please dont do that i am really sorry just give me one more chance im really feeling the bd about all this its friday night after all and i just got here theres a 5 hour time difference you know between us dont let that become a gulf that separates two human beings this is the internet lets all just be nice please dont do mean things to me ill get better i pormise 
0.11756056
bad

hi paul given your previous edits of this article i'm wary of your neutrality here , but here's what i think about this the ' controversy ' section actually has several subsections . only the jones section isn't broken into its own subsection i guess you don't want to modify those for now . i looked into the history and at one point it was called a controversial person and was much different than its current incarnation . the jones subsection is overly long , but i would imagine this particular paragraph has gone through so many iterations that we can't deduce the original intention without looking at older editions . for instance , the part about paula buying a house and accruing a tax bill could have evolved beginning with a quote from coulter calling jones ( her supposed ally ) trailer trash . from there someone may have objected to the quote , so someone else explained its context by saying jones posed nude . then someone didn't want to look pov with regard to jones so explained her behavior because of a huge tax bill , then someone explained that as a result of buying a house , etc etc . most actions in a persons life can be explained , partially , by circumstances out of their control , so explanations like this can go on for eternity . the references to oh paula probably developed similarly , with someone demanding citations . if an evolutionary chipping away of coherency this did occur , it isn't reasonable to wipe the section altogether . i saw another reference on the talk page to the vietnam section being originally quite short but gaining a life of its own as its context was wiped and arguments about it transformed it into something which probably has more weight than it deserves . i'm sure limpdaddy would object to this being objective , but the way i see it , the important parts of the paula jones section are - coulter wanting to bring down the president , no matter the best interests of her client/advisee - coulter , a supposedly great lawyer , advising jones to go forward on a case that was ultimately dismissed - coulter using paula jones then washing her hands of her once the dust settled ( calling her trailer trash ) additionally , the motives of the various authors are at odds , but reading it , the picture that emerges is of a very two-faced individual . i'm sure some would say coulter just learned the truth about jones upon which she changed her tune , but that doesn't give coulter nearly enough credit . though it doesn't matter for this section , you might see that the trailer-park trash comment . it is not satire or sarcasm to achieve comic effect , it is an honest to goodness insult .
0.11035788
hi paul given your previous edits of this article im wary of your neutrality here but heres what i think about this the controversy section actually has several subsections only the jones section isnt broken into its own subsection i guess you dont want to modify those for now i looked into the history and at one point it was called a controversial person and was much different than its current incarnation the jones subsection is overly long but i would imagine this particular paragraph has gone through so many iterations that we cant deduce the original intention without looking at older editions for instance the part about paula buying a house and accruing a tax bill could have evolved beginning with a quote from coulter calling jones her supposed ally trailer tarsh from there someone may have objected to the quote so someone else explained its context by saying jones posed nude then someone didnt want to look pov with regard to jones so explained her behavior because of a huge tax bill then someone explained that as a result of buying a house etc etc most actions in a persons life can be explained partially by circumstances out of their control so explanations like this can go on for eternity the references to oh paula probably developed similarly with someone demanding citations if an evolutionary chipping away of coherency this did occur it isnt reasonable to wipe the section altogether i saw another reference on the talk page to the vietnam section being originally quite short but gaining a life of its own as its context was wiped and arguments about it transformed it into something which probably has more weight than it deserves im sure limpdaddy would object to this being objective but the way i see it the important parts of the paula jones section are coulter wanting to bring down the president no matter the best interests of her clientadvisee coulter a supposedly great lawyer advising jones to go forward on a case that was ultimately dismissed coulter using paula jones then washing her hands of her once the dust settled calling her trailer trsh additionally the motives of the various authors are at odds but reading it the picture that emerges is of a very twofaced individual im sure some would say coulter just learned the truth about jones upon which she changed her tune but that doesnt give coulter nearly enough credit though it doesnt matter for this section you might see that the trailerpark trsh comment it is not satire or sarcasm to achieve comic effect it is an honest to goodness insult 
0.080350526
trash

: when creating a definition that effectively conveys information , we can't eliminate things that condemn ourselves . i realize that self-incrimination goes against human nature , but we can resolve the discrepancy by taking incrimination out of our definitions . terrorism , for instance , doesn't have to be pejorative . we can talk about it simply as a method of war or influence . if terrorism isn't evil , then it doesn't matter if israel includes terrorism as one of its tactics . : you may think that stripping any implication of terrorism from israel is good for the jewish people , but let's look at the big picture . in the information age , we can no longer keep people from researching historical data . trying to subvert this information only serves to show the bias of those attempts . with unrestricted global communication , manipulation of mass communication is passé . i believe i can make a case for it never having been a good thing , but that is beside the point . regardless of whether it was ever good to suppress and change history , one thing is certain : it is increasingly harder to do so .
0.069156274
when creating a definition that effectively conveys information we cant eliminate things that condemn ourselves i realize that selfincrimination goes against human nature but we can resolve the discrepancy by taking incrimination out of our definitions terrorisb for instance doesnt have to be pejorative we can talk about it simply as a method of war or influence if terorrism isnt evil then it doesnt matter if israel includes terrorisk as one of its tactics you may think that stripping any implication of terrorim from israel is good for the jewish people but lets look at the big picture in the information age we can no longer keep people from researching historical data trying to subvert this information only serves to show the bias of those attempts with unrestricted global communication manipulation of mass communication is passé i believe i can make a case for it never having been a good thing but that is beside the point regardless of whether it was ever good to suppress and change history one thing is certain it is increasingly harder to do so 
0.04604736
terrorism

= = wikipedia : requests for comment/zephram stark = = i have filed wikipedia : requests for comment/zephram stark . please contribute to it . – \
0.0102711655
wikipedia requests for commentzephram stark i ave filed wikipedia requests for commentzephram stark please contribute to it – 
0.007989018
have

cut the ass bullshit you are the biggest asshole in asshole history . you ass
0.9855759
cut the ass bullshit you are the biggest qasshole in asshoe history you ass 
0.97734594
asshole

= = winter war = = re . give me a break .. how do you define moral victory ? you're right , of course . but i put that in there as an attempt to give some ground to the finland won pov revisionism , rather than just have a revert war with those guys .
0.117739685
inter war re give me a break how do you define moral victory youre right of course but i put that in there as an attempt to give some ground to the finland won pov revisionism rather than just have a revert war with those guys 
0.08855549
winter

... ill vandalise you in a minuite !!! nah just kidding im sorry i just wanted to see what would happen
0.5148911
ill andalise you in a minuite nah just kidding im sorry i just wanted to see what would happen 
0.29897445
vandalise

