you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck you fat fuck
0.9903308
you fat fwck you fat fuctk you fat fcuk you fat euck you fat duck you fat fpck you fat uck you fat iuck you fat uck you fat f u c k you fat ufck you fat fusk you fat fuckb you fat fruck you fat fukc you fat ufck you fat fuek you fat fuct you fat fmuck you fat fuc you fat fuzk you fat fcuk you fat guck you fat fuqk you fat fbck you fat f u c k you fat fukc you fat fyck you fat fujck you fat fucck you fat fucr you fat kuck you fat wfuck you fat ouck you fat fugk you fat f u c k you fat huck you fat nuck you fat fucck you fat fuce you fat fck you fat fuckb you fat f u c k you fat uck you fat fucf you fat f u c k you fat fck you fat f u c k you fat fukc you fat fucr you fat buck you fat uck 
0.98899543
fuck

i've read through them and cant figure out what i've done !
0.035853308
ive read through them and cnt figure out what ive done 
0.034939196
cant

= = shaddadids = = ali , shaddadids are not arabic , they are kurdish ,......
0.18578187
shaddadids ali shaddadids rae not arabic they ar kurdish 
0.16674815
are

= = fuck you motha fucka = = = = penis = =
0.9856286
fuc you motha fucka penis 
0.97147727
fuck

= = photo : ' formalism and strict conduct ... traditional judo ' = = hey , you can't write anything about traditional judo and put a guy with a blue gi ! for instance , you can't do a kata competition with a blue gi ( in canada , at least ) because it's not traditional , and kata is traditional judo . it would be much better to put a picture of a guy with a white gi , at least with this caption .
0.044419024
photo formalism and strict conduct traditional judo hey you cant write anything about traditional judo and put a guy with a blue gi for instance you cant do a kata competition with a blue gi in canada at least because its not traditional and kata is traditional judo it would be much better to put a picture of a guy with a whie gi at least with this caption 
0.023485703
white

= = w00t = = hi dannnnniel what's going on ! haven't seen you for a while . just catching up on this-n-that ... going back a ways ... * yeah samspade was only replying because he had been a member of wikiprokect sex and sexology ( or whatever its called ) . he's busy with other stuff . ( i saw that he went up for admin and got shot down too , dunno what that's about . ) * operational definition i never did get to , because ... because ... so lazy ... must .... sleeeeeep . sorry ! thanks for asking though . * i'm finally actually working over a major article , child sexuality . man . this is hard work , sheesh . i'm much better at stuff that ... isn't hard . but i found out i can get a bunch of stuff on-line through my library and even the boston public , woo-hoo ! now i can finish life at home in my spare time ! there's just so much material , sheesh . i gotta get my hands on a copy of rind et at ( 1983 ) , but i think i have a way to do that too . * actually joey q mcc has been doing yeoman work in the field on that article and a ton of stuff . guy is gold . carry on buddy !
0.25785813
w00t hi dannnnniel whats going on havent seen you for a while just catching up on thisnthat going back a ways yeah samspade was only replying because he had been a member of wikiprokect sex and sexology or whatever its called hes busy with other stuff i saw that he went up for admin and got shot down too dunno what thats about operational definition i never did get to because because so lzy must sleeeeeep sorry thanks for asking though im finally actually working over a major article child sexuality man this is hard work sheesh im much better at stuff that isnt hard but i found out i can get a bunch of stuff online through my library and even the boston public woohoo now i can finish life at home in my spare time theres just so much material sheesh i gotta get my hands on a copy of rind et at 1983 but i think i have a way to do that too actually joey q mcc has been doing yeoman work in the field on that article and a ton of stuff guy is gold carry on buddy 
0.19063006
lazy

the 911 section is simply propaganda . it needs revision or deletion . someone do something about the islamic conspirary theorists that are hijacking the artcle .
0.20932029
the 911 section is simply propaganda it needs revision or deletion someone do something about the islamic conspirary theorists that are ijacking the artcle 
0.17687878
hijacking

:: by trying to wipe out islamic extremists by using force we are only supplying the isi with more excuses to brainwash indian muslims . the mullahs see india's tough stance against terrorism as proof that it is the indian government's intention to target muslims in india . before we shoot these extremist youth , we need to figure out why educated , young kashmiri men turn themselves into suicide bombers overnigh t.t he recent case where a kashmiri man who was employed at an mnc { johnson&johnson ;} chose to throw his life away and join the mujhahideen shows us how thouroughly the isi backed mullahs have brainwashed indian muslims . though the concept of suicide bombing is despicable , just take a moment and think how you would feel if you were a mujahideen . you would know exactly when you were going to die , you would know that you were going to be ripped apart by an explosion . scary thought isn't it ? then what makes these mujahideen so desperate that they would endure this ? this is what we need to figure ou t.t he more the vhp tries to deny muslims the right to live in peace , the more desperate they { the muslims } will become . the vhp accuses indian muslims of being antinational , conveniently forgetting people like apj abdul kalam or abdul hamid .
0.4340587
by trying to wipe out islamic extremists by using force we are only supplying the isi with more excuses to brainwash indian muslims the mullahs see indias tough stance against terrorism as proof that it is the indian governments intention to target muslims in india before we shoot these extremist youth we need to figure out why educated young kashmiri men turn themselves into suicide bombers overnigh tt he recent case where a kashmiri man who was employed at an mnc johnsonjohnson chose to throw his life away and join the mujhahideen shows us how thouroughly the isi backed mullahs have brainwashed indian muslims though the concept of suicide bombing is despicable just take a moment and think how you would feel if you were a mujahideen you would know exactly when you were going to ie you would know that you were going to be ripped apart by an explosion scary thought isnt it then what makes these mujahideen so desperate that they would endure this this is what we need to figure ou tt he more the vhp tries to deny muslims the right to live in peace the more desperate they the muslims will become the vhp accuses indian muslims of being antinational conveniently forgetting people like apj abdul kalam or abdul hamid 
0.4224935
die

= tony sidaway is obviously a fistfuckee . he loves an arm up his ass .
0.8855658
tony sidaway is obviously a fistfuckee he loves an arm up his ss 
0.45933896
ass

, 9 march 2006 ( utc ) ::: what a complete crock . by calling everyone under the age of 18 a child , which the dictionary correctly defines as a human between the ages of infancy and puberty , you can make everything even remotely sexual sound salacious and evil . teenagers are insulted to be called children , and if you start using terms like teenage sex and teenage sex with adults to describe problematical behavior by kids old enough to know better , the poor little abused children angle is more difficult to sell . maybe we should just go to the ultimate extreme , and legally define everyone under 18 as a baby . then all sex with minors could be poor little babies being abused and raped , which would no doubt please the judith reisman's , john ashcroft's , and david finkelhor's of the world . when such semantic games have to be employed to sell an agenda , with disqualification of everyone holding a different perspective as perpetuating the abuse , what you have is pseudo-science and flim-flam , and not unbiased reporting . 20:10
0.31150624
9 march 2006 utc what a complete rock by calling everyone under the age of 18 a child which the dictionary correctly defines as a human between the ages of infancy and puberty you can make everything even remotely sexual sound salacious and evil teenagers are insulted to be called children and if you start using terms like teenage sex and teenage sex with adults to describe problematical behavior by kids old enough to know better the poor little abused children angle is more difficult to sell maybe we should just go to the ultimate extreme and legally define everyone under 18 as a baby then all sex with minors could be poor little babies being abused and raped which would no doubt please the judith reismans john ashcrofts and david finkelhors of the world when such semantic games have to be employed to sell an agenda with disqualification of everyone holding a different perspective as perpetuating the abuse what you have is pseudoscience and flimflam and not unbiased reporting 2010 
0.21389955
crock

= = tony sidaway = = the article jim nussle has been repeatedly vandalized for partisan purposes by right-wing republicans , or rather one such republican and his various sock puppets . then this right wing goon of an admin intrudes himself . to state it mildly , i am apoplectically angry at the sonofabitch . to respond to your message * was your partial blanking of user talk : tony sidaway intentional , or an accident ? [ 7 ] . mongo i would seem to have been .
0.47439355
tony sidaway the article jim nussle has been repeatedly vandalized for partisan purposes by rightwing republicans or rather one such republican and his various sock puppets then this right wing goon of an admin intruds himself to state it mildly i am apoplectically angry at the sonofabitch to respond to your message was your partial blanking of user talk tony sidaway intentional or an accident 7 mongo i would seem to have been 
0.34569937
intrudes

hi scott , jim heller here . i tried to contact you before a few times but to no avail . sometimes i've just wanted to say hi , others i had a question concerning the early online ex-premie days . i recall how one of the last things you told me before you bid adieu to the ex scene was that exposing rawat felt at odds with your quaker and acim beliefs and i assume you still feel like that . anyway , i trust you're well . that picture on your website is the essence of happiness ! i'm bothering you now though , scott , for a particular reason . one of the premies editing the prem rawat article is alleging that the mishler radio interview is a fake and i wonder if you'd be so kind as to drop in to that talk page and explain what happened . thanks , jim p.s. an email would be nice too , if you like : jimheller@shaw.ca ( jim )
0.072048895
hi scott jim heller here i tried to contact you before a few times but to no avail sometimes ive just wanted to say hi others i had a question concerning the early online expremie days i recall how one of the last things you told me before you bid adieu to the ex scene was that exposing rawat felt at odds with your quaker and acim beliefs and i assume you still feel like that anyway i trust youre well that picture on your website is the essence of happiness im bothering you now though scott for a particular reason one of the premies editing the prem rawat article is alleging that the mishler radio interview is a fke and i wonder if youd be so kind as to drop in to that talk page and explain what happened thanks jim ps an email would be nice too if you like jimhellershawca jim 
0.045262992
fake

= = the slut = = karen nussle is the typical right wing slut . she wrecked jim nussle's marriage . jaysuschris's partisan vandalism loves this . he lusts being called a right right slut .
0.8812199
the slut karen nussle is the typical right wing slut she recked jim nussles marriage jaysuschriss partisan vandalism loves this he lusts being called a right right slut 
0.8566567
wrecked

= = image tagging image : unitashospital . jpg = = {| align = center style = background-color : #ffffff ; border : 8px solid #ff0000 ; padding : 5px ; |- | | this media may be deleted . |} thanks for uploading image : unitashospital . jpg . i notice the ' image ' page currently doesn't specify who created the content , so the copyright status is unclear . if you have not created this media yourself then you need to argue that we have the right to use the media on wikipedia ( see copyright tagging below ) . if you have not created the media yourself then you should also specify where you found it , i.e. , in most cases link to the website where you got it , and the terms of use for content from that page . if the media also doesn't have a copyright tag then you must also add one . if you created/took the picture , audio , or video then you can use to release it under the gfdl . if you believe the media qualifies as fair use , please read fair use , and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia : image copyright tags #fair_use . see wikipedia : image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use . if you have uploaded other media , please check that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them , too . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . thank you . -
0.013965715
image tagging image unitashospital jpg align center style backgroundcolor ffffff border 8px solid ff0000 padding 5px this media may be deleted thanks for uploading image unitashospital jpg i notice the image page currently doesnt specify who created the content so the copyright status is unclear if you have not created this media yourself then you need to argue that we have the right to use the media on wikipedia see copyright tagging below if you have not created the media yourself then you should also specify where you found it ie in ost cases link to the website where you got it and the terms of use for content from that page if the media also doesnt have a copyright tag then you must also add one if you createdtook the picture audio or video then you can use to release it under the gfdl if you believe the media qualifies as fair use please read fair use and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia image copyright tags fairuse see wikipedia image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use if you have uploaded other media please check that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them too you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion thank you 
0.011019742
most

= = image tagging image : destroyer . jpg = = {| align = center style = background-color : #ffffff ; border : 8px solid #ff0000 ; padding : 5px ; |- | | this media may be deleted . |} thanks for uploading image : destroyer . jpg . i notice the ' image ' page currently doesn't specify who created the content , so the copyright status is unclear . if you have not created this media yourself then you need to argue that we have the right to use the media on wikipedia ( see copyright tagging below ) . if you have not created the media yourself then you should also specify where you found it , i.e. , in most cases link to the website where you got it , and the terms of use for content from that page . if the media also doesn't have a copyright tag then you must also add one . if you created/took the picture , audio , or video then you can use to release it under the gfdl . if you believe the media qualifies as fair use , please read fair use , and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia : image copyright tags #fair_use . see wikipedia : image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use . if you have uploaded other media , please check that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them , too . you can find a list of ' image ' pages you have edited by clicking on the link ( it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in ) , and then selecting image from the dropdown box . note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded , as described on criteria for speedy deletion . thank you . /
0.01653386
image tagging image qestroyer jpg align center style backgroundcolor ffffff border 8px solid ff0000 padding 5px this media may be deleted thanks for uploading image destroyr jpg i notice the image page currently doesnt specify who created the content so the copyright status is unclear if you have not created this media yourself then you need to argue that we have the right to use the media on wikipedia see copyright tagging below if you have not created the media yourself then you should also specify where you found it ie in most cases link to the website where you got it and the terms of use for content from that page if the media also doesnt have a copyright tag then you must also add one if you createdtook the picture audio or video then you can use to release it under the gfdl if you believe the media qualifies as fair use please read fair use and then use a tag such as or one of the other tags listed at wikipedia image copyright tags fairuse see wikipedia image copyright tags for the full list of copyright tags that you can use if you have uploaded other media please check that you have specified their source and copyright tagged them too you can find a list of image pages you have edited by clicking on the link it is located at the very top of any wikipedia page when you are logged in and then selecting image from the dropdown box note that any unsourced and untagged images will be deleted one week after they have been uploaded as described on criteria for speedy deletion thank you 
0.012158767
destroyer

shouldn't there be an article of each of montaigne's essays ?
0.013939617
shouldnt there be an articl of each of montaignes essays 
0.012844181
article

please stop adding nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you . ' 0 '''
0.14281976
please stop adding nonsnse to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you 0 
0.07910704
nonsense

= = your help is needed ... = = if you have the time i wondered if you can help me with animating 2 of the runescape images . the links are here and at their current one-frame position , they do not look very good . here are the links . [ image : runescape puppet . jpg marionettes ] and [ image : rs whack . jpg rubber chicken , ( would love it if it was me being hit )] thnaks for your help .
0.04543389
your help is needed if you have the time i wondered if you can help me with animating 2 of the runescape images the links are here and at their current oneframe position they do not look very good here are the links image runescape pupet jpg marionettes and image rs whack jpg rubber chicken would love it if it was me being hit thnaks for your help 
0.030988516
puppet

you are the one attacking and libelling me . i don't follow you around or make a nuisance on your talk page . learn respect . slander and libel . go on and build your evidence , but it's all water under the bridge or over the dam . cry about spilt milk , but whatever happened is no longer happening and it seems you just want me banned because of your own inconsistent application of the rules . you think that because i prefer going by my ip address , i am some horrible person . i actually leave myself wide open to hackers , so you have little thing to be so upset about . it's my risk here , not yours . quit complaining .
0.34756154
you are the one attacking and libelling me i dont follow you around or make a nuisance on your talk page learn respect slander and libel go on and build your evidence but its all water under the bridge or over the dam cry about spilt milk but whatever happened is no longer happening and it seems you just want me banned because of your own inconsistent application of the rules you think that because i prefer going by my ip address i am some horrile person i actually leave myself wide open to hackers so you have little thing to be so upset about its my risk here not yours quit complaining 
0.291146
horrible

