: another way to look at this : from this discussion , it's evident that views vary concerning the relationship and meaning of ethics and standards . so it makes sense to me that the most clarity would be achieved by including both in the title .
0.0168046
another way to lok at this from this discussion its evident that views vary concerning the relationship and meaning of ethics and standards so it makes sense to me that the most clarity would be achieved by including both in the title 
0.015434635
look

= = alphabetisation = = just being a little pedantic , but when alphabetised in lists ( such as categories : doctor who serials ) ' 100,000 ' is placed under ' o ' for ' one hundred thousand ' . let's be a bit professional about this .
0.094631545
alphabetisation just being a little peantic but when alphabetised in lists such as categories doctor who serials 100000 is placed under o for one hundred thousand lets be a bit professional about this 
0.04311086
pedantic

it should be obvious ; the only white separatists/white nationalists/racialists/racial separatists who would agree with being referred to as white supremacists are very obscure fringe groups . there isn't even a note on this page about that , because it was written by people who are not a part of racialist culture . the vast majority of racialists consider the term supremacist to be a smear word . only one point of view is expressed here . i'm tired of this pseudo-science , and i'm sure you would find more than a few people who would say the same . if we can't agree on it , then it shouldn't be in an encyclopedia . i might just work on this article over the weekend .
0.19808982
it should be obvious the only yhite separatistswhite nationalistsracialistsracial separatists who would agree with being referred to as wite supremacists are very obscure fringe groups there isnt even a note on this page about that because it was written by people who are not a part of racialist culture the vast majority of racialists consider the term supremacist to be a smear word only one point of view is expressed here im tired of this pseudoscience and im sure you would find more than a few people who would say the same if we cant agree on it then it shouldnt be in an encyclopedia i might just work on this article over the weekend 
0.19717214
white

::::::::::: note on the above personal references : there is a difference between ( 1 ) a judgement ( 2 ) analysis ( 3 ) opinion . i believe in this entire discussion i have always maintained a seperation between all , and have never offerred any personal points of view unless requested to do so . as fo stokely carmicheal i beleive i was being generous after rereading the transcripts , as does very much sound like a nite at the improv , and kind when one considers he was being accused of treason in 1967 . ::::::::::: somwhere i read that wiki had enough technical contributors and now it is being expanded into the humanities ; perhaps technical contributors when engaging in debate and discussion of matters outside their fields need to learn some of the basics of discourse .
0.023194298
note on the above personal references there is a difference between 1 a judgement 2 analysis 3 opinion i believe in this entire discussion i have always maintained a seperation between all and have never offerred any personal points of view unless requested to do so as fo stokely carmicheal i beleive i was being generous after rereading the transcripts as does very much sound like a nite at the improv and kind when one considers he was being accused of treaso in 1967 somwhere i read that wiki had enough technical contributors and now it is being expanded into the humanities perhaps technical contributors when engaging in debate and discussion of matters outside their fields need to learn some of the basics of discourse 
0.021987887
treason

= = misspelling = = isn't it supposed to be spelled paschendale ?
0.05830229
misspelling isnt it supposed to e spelled paschendale 
0.03619952
be

hi my name is lisa topp and i love every one not !
0.018028863
hi my name i lisa topp and i love every one not 
0.014041046
is

would anyone add the following : * the body colour of meenakshi is greenish , a very rare stone geologically * she has one parrot perched on her shoulder - the spiritual significance thereof as found in any of the nayanmars ' poems * a photo of the idol - beauty personified
0.034668792
would anyone add the following the body colour of meenakshi is greenish a very rare stone geologically she has one parro perched on her shoulder the spiritual significance thereof as found in any of the nayanmars poems a photo of the idol beauty personified 
0.019416934
parrot

= = liar = = this guy is such a thief and a liar ! he should be quartered !
0.93407404
luar this guy is such a thief and a iar he should be quartered 
0.8517729
liar

* as i've said , i think your ideas are reasonable ; i've made the few constructive suggestions i had ; go for it . | due to a formating problem please post above this sentence until further notice . thanks , jay . -
0.035723176
as ive said i think your ideas are reasonable ive made the few constructive suggestions i had go for it due to a formating problem lease post above this sentence until further notice thanks jay 
0.033304524
please

reply : actually it is only o(n ) . if you double the table at each step , then for a given n the rehashing will have cost at most 1 + 2 + ... + n/4 + n/2 + n which is strictly less then 2*n , thus the o(n ) complexity . the same holds for any exponential growth , like increasing table size by 25% which would be more sensible for very large tables as you want to avoid large jumps in memory use for a very small variation of the input size . the real proof can be done with geometric series .
0.0140090855
reply actually it is only on if you double the table at each step then for a given n the rehashing wll have cost at most 1 2 n4 n2 n which is strictly less then 2n thus the on complexity the same holds for any exponential growth like increasing table size by 25 which would be more sensible for very large tables as you want to avoid large jumps in memory use for a very small variation of the input size the real proof can be done with geometric series 
0.009424864
will

: it's hard to imagine what could constitute serious opposition to mainstream anti-racism but would also pass muster under your criteria . pbs and california newsreel are not scientific organizations either . however , like amren , they have marshalled scientists and opinion writers to help put forward their views . ironically , amren has often been evaluated with alarm as more dangerous than other groups by anti-racists because of the quality of its writing and its calm and scholarly tone . in any event , your subjective assesment , heavily influenced by your personal opinions on the subject matter , of whether amren's view of race is worthwhile or base or whether the piece's writing is high quality is not sufficient grounds for removal . you will simply have to tolerate the occasional link to an article you disagree with , even strongly . i will restore the link soon unless given an convincing reason why not .
0.085361294
its hard to imagine what could constitute serious opposition to mainstream antiracism but would also pass muster under your criteria pbs and california newsreel are not scientific organizations either however like amren they have marshalled scientists and opinion writers to help put forward their views ironically amren has often been evaluated with alarm as more dangerous than other groups by antiracists because of the quality of its writing and its calm and scholarly tone in any event your subjective assesment heavily influenced by your personal opinions on the subject matter of whether amrens view of race is worthwhile or base or whether the pieces writing is high quality is not sufficient grounds for removal you will simply have to tolrate the occasional link to an article you disagree with even strongly i will restore the link soon unless given an convincing reason why not 
0.036266234
tolerate

: i noticed that you had put in a request to move the article republic p-47 → p-47 thunderbolt . so please explain your thinking on this move ( thunderbolt → p-47 ) , is it worth doing because it seems to me that p-47 should redirect to p-47 thunderbolt and not be an old stand alone article
0.043659724
i noticed that you had put in a request to move the a r t i c l e republic p47 → p47 thunderbolt so please explain your thinking on this move thunderbolt → p47 is it worth doing because it seems to me that p47 should redirect to p47 thunderbolt and not be an old stand alone artcle 
0.03845117
article

see you in person , i'm going to fuck you up big time .
0.95971084
see you in person im going to fuk you up big time 
0.9544743
fuck

automatic protection for main page ? it would be straightforward to write a bot that ( 1 ) protected all images on the main page , adding template : mprotected , and ( 2 ) unprotected all images with template : mprotected that no longer appeared on the main page . feature ( 2 ) would be genuinely useful and save editors work . however , if editors came to rely on feature ( 1 ) then that would introduce a risk , because there would always be a gap between an image appearing on the main page and the bot protecting it . a clever vandal could vandalize the image in that gap . and worse , the bot would end up protecting the vandalized version of the image . i suppose the bot could attempt to detect vandalism like that but you can see how complex the process could become . 08:13 , 2005 may 13 ( utc )
0.05038162
automatic protection for main page it would be straightforward to write a bot that 1 protected all images on the main page adding template mprotected and 2 unprotected all images with template mprotected that no longer appeared on the main page feature 2 would be genuinely useful and save editors work however if editors came to rely on feature 1 then that would introduce a risk because there would always be a gap between an image appearing on the main page and the bot protecting it a clever vandal could vandalize the image in that gap and worse the bot would end up protecting the vandalized version of the image i suppose the bot could attempt to detect vandalim like that but you can see how complex the process could become 0813 2005 may 13 utc 
0.037655286
vandalism

= = more npov issues = = this article is pretty sloppy , as i think most people can tell . i took out the section on first cause as revised by nodem , which went beyond just poor style and outright called one side of the debate fallacious , which isn't really appropriate in an article on a philosophical topic . : maybe i went a bit far ? i just object to statements like , the entirety of space-time came into existence at some point , unless you define this point embedded in a larger space-time outside of our own . the fallacy comes from implying that both the statements , space-time is everything , and something exists outside of space-time , are true . however , i work in computer software and don't do physics ( although this is really about philosophy ) , so maybe i'm just using the the wrong kind of logic ? :: if time is finite , then there must be a beginning ( which is what i think is meant by at some point ) . i don't think the phrase came into existence at some point necessarily implies any metaphysical cause ( ie : thing/being ' outside ' the universe ) , does it ? i wasn't really comfortable with the version that came before it , though . first cause is a complex topic , or at least a lot has been said about it , and the previous version of the paragraph was presenting a rather severe dichotomy . if someone could write a good article about the first cause debate , and maybe link to it from this article , that would be good . i'm not really qualified to do it . also , and i haven't made an edit about this , i'm uncomfortable , as a physicist , with the statement that most astronomers hold to scientific determinism . while many do , and they may be right , i can tell you that by far the dominant interpretation of quantum mechanics in physics circles is a nondeterministic one . oops ! forgot to login . i'm misterbailey if anyone was wondering . : you are right to question the most astronomers biti'll put in a qualifier about macroscopic forces . i've been working on deterministic system ( philosophy ) , where i put a bit more about quantum physics and determinism , but it is a complex subject . : i agree that it would be nice if there were a separate article on first causes . and i agree that this article is sort of sloppy . perhaps subheadings could be a first step to clearing it up ? :
0.039617695
more npov issues this article is pretty sloppy  as i think most people can tell i took out the section on first cause as revised by nodem which went beyond just poor style and outright called one side of the debate fallacious which isnt really appropriate in an article on a philosophical topic maybe i went a bit far i just object to statements like the entirety of spacetime came into existence at some point unless you define this point embedded in a larger spacetime outside of our own the fallacy comes from implying that both the statements spacetime is everything and something exists outside of spacetime are true however i work in computer software and dont do physics although this is really about philosophy so maybe im just using the the wrong kind of logic if time is finite then there must be a beginning which is what i think is meant by at some point i dont think the phrase came into existence at some point necessarily implies any metaphysical cause ie thingbeing outside the universe does it i wasnt really comfortable with the version that came before it though first cause is a complex topic or at least a lot has been said about it and the previous version of the paragraph was presenting a rather severe dichotomy if someone could write a good article about the first cause debate and maybe link to it from this article that would be good im not really qualified to do it also and i havent made an edit about this im uncomfortable as a physicist with the statement that most astronomers hold to scientific determinism while many do and they may be right i can tell you that by far the dominant interpretation of quantum mechanics in physics circles is a nondeterministic one oops forgot to login im misterbailey if anyone was wondering you are right to question the most astronomers bitill put in a qualifier about macroscopic forces ive been working on deterministic system philosophy where i put a bit more about quantum physics and determinism but it is a complex subject i agree that it would be nice if there were a separate article on first causes and i agree that this article is sort of soppy perhaps subheadings could be a first step to clearing it up 
0.02838213
sloppy

* presumably disproportionate to the relatively small share of the population living on kibbutzim .
0.019899022
presumably disprportionate to the relatively small share of the population living on kibbutzim 
0.014650529
disproportionate

::: the point is that it's not a single , uniform feature and should therefor not be summarized in one single term . it's just a non-linguistic definition that actually means something completely different in musical ( and psychological ? ) context . ::: what is described in melodic accent is actually called tonal word accent and this was first recorded in the 1920s by the german linguist ernest a . meyer in his two volume-work die intonation den schwedischen ( the intonation of swedish ) , and systematically described in eva gårding's the scandinavian word accents ( 1977 ) , based mostly on meyer's material . :::
0.051405165
the point is that its not a single uniform feature and should therefor not be summarized in one single term its just a nonlinguistic definition that actually means something completely different in musical and psychological context what is described in melodic accent is actually called tonal word accent and this was first recorded in the 1920s by the german linguist ernest a meyer in his two volumework di intonation den schwedischen the intonation of swedish and systematically described in eva gårdings the scandinavian word accents 1977 based mostly on meyers material 
0.030993044
die

not after , smartass . in case you forgot , i was here way before the hardrock-idiot started his stupid webbased forum .
0.8864642
not after smartass in case you forgot i was here way before the hardrockidiot started his supid webbased forum 
0.42267212
stupid

