we must solve this zip code connundrum
0.021002771
we ust solve this zip code connundrum 
0.012954183
must

::: i fail to see where i said something that could be construed as an attack . although , as i said above , ibelieve you to be acting disruptively in these two instances , and did feel mildly offended ( in a general fashion , as a hard-working admin ) by that essay of yours , you haven't personally offended me ( although some of your edits at wp : oc might have offended my sense of logic )
0.13338114
i fail to see where i said something that could be construed as an attack although as i said above ibelieve you to be acting disruptively in these two instances and did feel mildly offhended in a general fashion as a hardworking admin by that essay of yours you havent personally oyffended me although some of your edits at wp oc might have ofended my sense of logic 
0.09039992
offended

= = i'm informing you i've started an rfc = = go here for more info , though i've only just start to list details . but i thought it would be considerate of me to give you early warning .
0.026880356
im informing you ive started an rfc go here for more info though ive only just start to list details but i thought it would be considerate of me to give you early waring 
0.02356902
warning

= = double agent = = someone struck out the category entry for double agent , on the grounds that it is a category for real people , not fictional ones . someone else put it back . now , i have to agree that the cat appears to be exclusively for real spys , so snape should not be in it . comments ?
0.033358358
double agent someone struck out the category entry for double agent on the grounds that it is a category for real people not fictional ones someone else put it back now i have to agree that the cat appears to eb exclusively for real spys so snape should not e in it comments 
0.02621907
be

bandits sas nigel and tamtam owns a shop named autogame cybershop ... it has 30 units of computers , fitted for every sieges of their guild . at first , the guild is named ac until denver decided to create the legendary guild bandits . without the intention of being famous and known , sas nigel decided to set down , and instead , he appointed p a o l o , one of the famous knights before ... together with other extension guilds , they ruled the birtoniah ( geffen ) agits and named as batas ng geffen . guilds like badboys , lost souls of iris , and others are being brutally killed by these guild during war of emperiums ...
0.14380638
bandits sas nigel and tamtam owns a shop named autogame cybershop it has 30 units of computers fitted for every sieges of their guild at first the guild is named ac until denver decided to create the legendary guild bandits without the intention of being famous and known sas nigel decided to set down and instead he appointed p a o l o one of the famous knights before together with other extension guilds they ruled the birtoniah geffen agits and named as batas ng geffen guilds like badboys lost souls of iris and others are being brutally illed by these guild during war of emperiums 
0.098269515
killed

: boy , this is the most understated thing i've read here on wikipedia . while the current details about zcmi are pretty good , and the list of stores when the chain wwas closed down is pretty accurate , it is hardly an exaustive list of stores that have been in existance . virtually every mormon community had a version of zcmi at one time or another , and some decidedly non-mormon communities as well . the most remarkable being a zcmi set up in rapid city , south dakota . : in addition , a huge part of the history of zcmi is tied directly with the history of utah , including the petition for utah statehood and the fight between the mormons and the gentiles during the territorial days of utah . part of this history should include how members of the lds church would face excommunication if they shopped anywhere except at zcmi . i am not kidding here . several lds church members were removed from the church rolls because of this seemingly irrational justification ( based on modern sentiments ) . keep in mind that there was a coordinated economic plan to try and push the non-mormons out of mormon influenced areas , and this is really in keeping with other business traditions of 19th century america as well , including standard oil and others that would be illegal with current fair trade laws . : saying that the lds church was a significant influences is hardly doing justice here . the lds church owned the store lock , stock , and barrel . and the decision to sell zcmi to may department stores was mainly a way for the lds church to get out of that sort of business . what is surprising is that is was a subsiderary of the lds church for so long , making it into the 21st century . the lds church has divested itself from other businesses it started back elsewhen like a sugar company and a chain of hospitals , and in that context zcmi is just one of several aspects of life in utah .
0.04873073
boy this is the most understated thing ive read here on wikipedia while the current details about zcmi are pretty good and the list of stores when the chain wwas closed down is pretty accurate it is hardly an exaustive list of stores that have been in existance virtually every mormon community had a version of zcmi at one time or another and some decidedly nonmormon communities as well the most remarkable being a zcmi set up in rapid city south dakota in addition a huge part of the history of zcmi is tied directly with the history of utah including the petition for utah statehood and the fight between the mormons and the gentiles during the territorial days of utah part of this history should include how members of the lds church would face excommunication if they shopped anywhere except at zcmi i am not kdding here several lds church members were removed from the church rolls because of this seemingly irrational justification based on modern sentiments keep in mind that there was a coordinated economic plan to try and push the nonmormons out of mormon influenced areas and this is really in keeping with other business traditions of 19th century america as well including standard oil and others that would be illegal with current fair trade laws saying that the lds church was a significant influences is hardly doing justice here the lds church owned the store lock stock and barrel and the decision to sell zcmi to may department stores was mainly a way for the lds church to get out of that sort of business what is surprising is that is was a subsiderary of the lds church for so long making it into the 21st century the lds church has divested itself from other businesses it started back elsewhen like a sugar company and a chain of hospitals and in that context zcmi is just one of several aspects of life in utah 
0.0476671
kidding

= = wikipedia_talk : scientific_citation_guidelines #question_on_relationship_to_ga . 2ffac = = i have been thinking for some time about your remarks regarding ga . it is difficult to arrange my thoughts , but i can say that i was cut to my soul ... my civil servant's soul , that is . all i can say is this : i am deeply , deeply grateful that you were not elected to arbcom . anyone who can belittle others simply because you disagree with their means of improving wikipedia does not even have the right to self-nom or accept nomination . i deeply hope that your conscience will prick you and prevent you from accepting nom or self-nom again . in a word , you are simply mean . i do not understand you . there are legions of vandals and trolls , and you attack people who only want the best for wikipedia ? i wonder if you felt satisfied after typing that . did the world feel a little better , a little brighter to you ? did it satisfy you to belittle those who simply differ with you in their approach ? pleased drop a line on if you ever nom or self-nom for arbcom again . i will happily vote oppose again . very sincerely ,
0.27364725
wikipediatalk scientificcitationguidelines questiononrelationshiptoga 2ffac i have been thinking for some time about your remarks regarding ga it is difficult to arrange my thoughts but i can say that i was cut to my soul my civil servants soul that is all i can say is this i am deeply deeply grateful that you were not elected to arbcom anyone who can belittle others simply because you disagree with their means of improving wikipedia does not even have the right to selfnom or accept nomination i deeply hope that your conscience will rick you and prevent you from accepting nom or selfnom again in a word you are simply mean i do not understand you there are legions of vandals and trolls and you attack people who only want the best for wikipedia i wonder if you felt satisfied after typing that did the world feel a little better a little brighter to you did it satisfy you to belittle those who simply differ with you in their approach pleased drop a line on if you ever nom or selfnom for arbcom again i will happily vote oppose again very sincerely 
0.17655064
prick

= = becouse no one gives a shit ... = =
0.9152216
becouse no one gives a sht 
0.5991587
shit

thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do . take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . ''''''
0.010957065
thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do take a lok at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.010190852
look

|decline = response in http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wikipedia:biographies_of_living_persons it says information found in self-published books , newspapers , or websites/blogs should never be used , unless written by the subject ( see below ) . what was being cited was a newspaper . it says plainly in the policy that that is not sufficient . i didn't remove the claim that he was an anarchist . i was merely adding self-described in front of it since there was no reliable sources . maybe there is some policy that i'm not seeing but if so i'm merely mistaken . no one has shown me any policy to the contrary though . the response was just to block me for life . it doesn't make sense that i would be blocked for life without any kind of due process by a single operator over a dispute about sourcing . if anyone is given the benefit of the doubt it should be me for insisting that information be properly sourced . how can wikipedia be considered anything serious if people can be blocked like this for requesting sources ? what kind of joke is wikipedia ?
0.07536671
decline response in httpenwikipediaorgwikiwikipediabiographiesoflivingpersons it says information found in selfpublished books newspapers or websitesblogs should never be used unless written by the subject see below what was being cited was a newspaper it says plainly in the policy that that is not sufficient i didnt remove the claim that he was an anarchist i was merely adding selfdescribed in front of it since there was no reliable sources maybe there is some policy that im not seeing but if so im merely mistaken no one has shown me any policy to the contrary though the response was just to block me for life it doesnt make sense that i would be blscked for life without any kind of due process by a single operator over a dispute about sourcing if anyone is given the benefit of the doubt it should be me for insisting that information be properly sourced how can wikipedia be considered anything serious if people can be blcked like this for requesting sources what kind of joke is wikipedia 
0.06499566
blocked

please do not add nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.087368295
please do not add nonsene to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit should not have been reverted please contact me 
0.04642095
nonsense

i found the original source of the 16% figure and put that quote in the casualties section : the humanist article also reports : for over a decade the pa has violated palestinian human rights and civil liberties by routinely killing civilians — including collaborators , demonstrators , journalists , and others — without charge or fair trial . of the total number of palestinian civilians killed during this period by both israeli and palestinian security forces , 16 percent were the victims of palestinian security forces .
0.03479483
i found the original source of the 16 figure and put that quote in the casualties section the humanist article also reports for over a decade the pa has violated palestinian human rights and civil liberties by routinely killing civilians — including collaborators demonstrators journalists and others — without charge or fair trial of the total number of palestinian civilians kiled during this period by both israeli and palestinian security forces 16 percent were the victims of palestinian security forces 
0.027059307
killed

= = loser , get a life = = you must be fat , ugly and have no friends . that is why you are still up at 5 am in the morning when all the normal people are sleeping . get a life . that is pathetic that you spend all your life on here . and you are not even getting paid . what a loser . you sure don't have a life . yea . you are gonna be pissed . i know it . hahaha .
0.83798033
loser get a life you must be at ugly and have no friends that is why you are still up at 5 am in the morning when all the normal people are sleeping get a life that is pathetic that you spend all your life on here and you are not even getting paid what a loser you sure dont have a life yea you are gonna be pissed i know it hahaha 
0.81253284
fat

:: oh , once upon a time , as most fairy tales begin in english , i thought that you were a neutral and objective editor ( never a historian mind you ) . please add what ever information you consider relevant to poland in the article , not in the lead . would you like to remove your mask and simply categorize the town as a polish geopgraphical entry ?
0.091498554
oh once upon a time as mot fairy tales begin in english i thought that you were a neutral and objective editor never a historian mind you please add what ever information you consider relevant to poland in the article not in the lead would you like to remove your mask and simply categorize the town as a polish geopgraphical entry 
0.08626454
most

= = satusuro user page = = has been dogs breakfast too long - i have hundreds if not thousands west coast tas photos ... that i never even printed in the 70's! ... that i am planning to upload . gnang has been very helpful with showing the workings of commonist - have to choose my times as the boys are over enthusiastic users of world of warcraft and its holidays ... sigh
0.1045329
satusuro user page has been dog breakfast too long i have hundreds if not thousands west coast tas photos that i never even printed in the 70s that i am planning to upload gnang has been very helpful with showing the workings of commonist have to choose my times as the boys are over enthusiastic users of world of warcraft and its holidays sigh 
0.037704617
dogs

::::: that is just the way psychonaut is . he stalks and harrasses people and then makes up lies about them . but you can't do anything about it because the admins are on his side .
0.14576593
that is just the way psychonaut is he stalks and harrasses people and then makes up lis about them but you cant do anything about it because the admins are on his side 
0.13016114
lies

::::: jayjg , is there any edit to this article you would accept ? what are your objections to clarifying ethnic vs . religious definitions of jews ? the article is currently confusing as to which is which , and it would help to clarify that jfj means ethnic jews . i think in the case mackan points out , many is appropriately used-many jewish groups do see jfj that way , but certainly not all ( i would imagine there are plenty of jewish groups without any official position on jfj . ) also , most religions are rather fluid and change over time , and there is often debate over interpretation . it is , therefore , not quite so easy to state religious principles as fact ( jews don't believe in jesus as messiah ? what about messianic judaism ? ) of course , religious faith also tends to be given over to a lot of dogmatism ( my way is the correct one type of thinking ) , so sometimes it's difficult to see debates to that as valid . wp : weasel does not object to ever using many or most or the like as qualifiers , it advocates against it only in the absence of sourcing . what we have here is a lot of sourcing , which does not , however , show that all jews object to jfj ( as i explained above , that would be effectively impossible ) . it does , of course , show that many do ( i wouldn't even object to almost all or most ) , but in order to preserve the plausibility requirement of wp : npov ( jfj's assertion that it is jewish must be treated as plausible ) , it is impossible that all jewish organizations disagree-as jfj doesn't!
0.11101453
jayjg is there any edit to this article you would accept what are your objections to clarifying ethnic vs religious definitions of j e w s the article is currently confusing as to which is which and it would help to clarify that jfj means ethnic jewas i think in the case mackan points out many is appropriately usedmany jewish groups do see jfj that way but certainly not all i would imagine there are plenty of jewish groups without any official position on jfj also most religions are rather fluid and change over time and there is often debate over interpretation it is therefore not quite so easy to state religious principles as fact ews dont believe in jesus as messiah what about messianic judaism of course religious faith also tends to be given over to a lot of dogmatism my way is the correct one type of thinking so sometimes its difficult to see debates to that as valid wp weasel does not object to ever using many or most or the like as qualifiers it advocates against it only in the absence of sourcing what we have here is a lot of sourcing which does not however show that all jws object to jfj as i explained above that would be effectively impossible it does of course show that many do i wouldnt even object to almost all or most but in order to preserve the plausibility requirement of wp npov jfjs assertion that it is jewish must be treated as plausible it is impossible that all jewish organizations disagreeas jfj doesnt 
0.06617156
jews

