= = lying , scheming , vindictive weasel = = burn in hell .
0.87263393
lying scheming vindictive weasel burn in ell 
0.65723467
hell

: list of dog fighting breeds states : dog fighting breeds is a list of dog breeds originally developed for , or commonly used at some time in their history for dog fighting . : indeed , this dog was used for dog fighting at one point in it's history . in contemporary times , western culture only use pitbulls and tosas . in the middle east gull terr , gull dong and bully kutta's are used . please stop following me around , it's strange ...
0.09728067
list of dog fighting breeds states dog fighting breeds is a list of dog breeds originally developed for or commonly used at some time in their history for dog fighting indeed this dog was used for dog fighting at one point in its history in contemporary times western culture only use pitbulls and tosas in the middle east gull terr gull dong and buly kuttas are used please stop following me around its strange 
0.06654556
bully

= = peche melba image = = hi redworld . the image was found on this website . at the time , i wasn't yet aware of image tags and fair use . 8 july 2005 10:21 ( utc ) : hi . that image is not public domain so is a copyright violation and i have tagged it as such and replied on your talk page . if you feel it qualifies under fair use , please state your reasons on wikipedia : copyright problems and if the image survives , also on its description page . thanks . = = lincoln cathedral image tag = = i'm sorry , but i'm not sure how to tag it . could you tag it under all rights reserved for me ? cheers , = = added rights on image = = hello there , i just added gfdl license status to my pictures vagnharad regn . jpg and penguinsbouldersbeachsouthafrica . jpg . as i'm rather fresh on submitting my photos , please tell me if there is anything more i should do to license them correctly . cheers : thanks . i have replied on your talk page . = = location of pictures = = hello there redwolf , i am fairly new to this website , i don't know how to put the license or the source of where i got the pictures from . i got the picture of teri hatcher and james denton from [] and the one of teri hatcher on good morning america was sent to me by one of my friends , i don't recall where she got it from . sorry . thanks if you can help putting up the information . bluestar . )
0.017852258
peche melba image hi redworld the image was found on this website at the time i wasnt yet aware of image tags and fair use 8 july 2005 1021 utc hi that image is not public domain so is a copyright violaton and i have tagged it as such and replied on your talk page if you feel it qualifies under fair use please state your reasons on wikipedia copyright problems and if the image survives also on its description page thanks lincoln cathedral image tag im sorry but im not sure how to tag it could you tag it under all rights reserved for me cheers added rights on image hello there i just added gfdl license status to my pictures vagnharad regn jpg and penguinsbouldersbeachsouthafrica jpg as im rather fresh on submitting my photos please tell me if there is anything more i should do to license them correctly cheers thanks i have replied on your talk page location of pictures hello there redwolf i am fairly new to this website i dont know how to put the license or the source of where i got the pictures from i got the picture of teri hatcher and james denton from and the one of teri hatcher on good morning america was sent to me by one of my friends i dont recall where she got it from sorry thanks if you can help putting up the information bluestar 
0.01230377
violation

i dont know what the hell you are talking about . shellie
0.7591158
i dont know what the hel you are talking about shellie 
0.2752909
hell

: those links don't work ( as i write , perhaps it is temporary ) . although they are formally separate entities that doesn't necessarily mean they should have separate articles . what do you intend to write in each ? what overlap would there be ? would readers need to read both articles to have an understanding of the subject ?
0.011485763
those links dont work as i write perhaps it is temporary although they are formally separate entities that doesnt necessarily mean they sould have separate articles what do you intend to write in each what overlap would there be would readers need to read both articles to have an understanding of the subject 
0.008202929
should

= = yes ... = = unless you come up with a policy citation for your claims , i shall post on your page whenever i please . go ahead and seek your threatened injunction if you wish . as it is now , i am not satisfied with your response .
0.18862303
yes unless you come up with a policy citation for your claims i hall post on your page whenever i please go ahead and seek your threatened injunction if you wish as it is now i am not satisfied with your response 
0.1758449
shall

in a culture where the language and religious beliefs evolved together , this word has very special meanings and is worthy of a unique and distinct article . as this article has survived an afd , and this view was already proposed and rejected by the majority voters , karmosen is simply continuing his argument because he did not get his way . please accept the ruling of the majority and focus somewhere else in wp . thanks .
0.024461724
in a culture where the language and religious beliefs evolved together this word has very special meanings and si worthy of a unique and distinct article as this article has survived an afd and this view was already proposed and rejected by the majority voters karmosen i simply continuing his argument because he did not get his way please accept the ruling of the majority and focus somewhere else in wp thanks 
0.024011796
is

:::: ... and censoring certain types of information is too often an attempt to sweeten the well , which is no less insidious that poisoning it .
0.10266432
and censoring certain types of information is too often an attempt to sweeten the well which is no less insidious that poisoing it 
0.073839426
poisoning

there you go again dr. hillman defaming jack sarfatti as a liar when you say he may be telling the truth . jack always tells the truth to the best of his knowledge . you do not . for example you continue to say jack taught at the university of london when repeatedly you were corrected that he was a research fellow there . with you and others jack is automatically guilty in your double standard . signed jack horner woodymarble@mac.com
0.21142282
there you go again dr hillman defaming jack sarfatti as a lar when you say he may be telling the truth jack always tells the truth to the best of his knowledge you do not for example you continue to say jack taught at the university of london when repeatedly you were corrected that he was a research fellow there with you and others jack is automatically guilty in your double standard signed jack horner woodymarblemaccom 
0.09696529
liar

( this post placed here grazon who does not sign his/her postings on wikipedia ) * i don't understand what you mean political beliefs - are you implying that i am taking the opposite side of this argument because harding is a republican , ergo , i feel the need to protect him ? i'm sticking up for the man because i have looked at primary resources and know what they say and what they do not contain - which is any inkling of klan involvement . what i can't figure out is why is it so important for you include harding in the klan , that you would base you whole argument on what one book claims .
0.13624215
this post placed here grazon who does not sign hisher postings on wikipedia i dont understand what you mean political beliefs are you implying that i am taking the opposite side of this argument because harding is a republican ergo i feel the need to protect him im sticking up for the man because i have looked at primary resources and know what they say and what they do not contain which is any inkling of khan involvement what i cant figure out is why is it so important for you include harding in the kla that you would base you whole argument on what one book claims 
0.09652022
klan

= = yup ! = = this is not really that big of a deal , seeing as how i've made two edits in the last month ; but i would like to state for the record that this just doesn't seem fair . what you did basically infriged upon the authority of the arb-com .
0.07211747
yup this is not really that big of a deal seeing as how ive made two edits in the last month but i woul like to state for the record that this just doesnt seem fair what you did basically infriged upon the authority of the arbcom 
0.04671003
would

, 29 september 2005 ( utc ) ::::::: ok , but same question applies . what is glyconorm ? the word only has 81 hits on google , and i can't find one that explains what the substance is . 11:42
0.04541017
29 september 2005 tc ok but same question applies what is glyconorm the word only has 81 hits on google and i cant find one that explains what the substance is 1142 
0.042869274
utc

pre-fusion = = i've chopped the article about , to make more sense of the chronology and remove some inaccuracies . i think there's still work to be done . i'm not a musician , just a fan , and i think it would be good to get some informed musical input about the various styles . = =
0.016169174
prefusion ive chopped the article about to mae more sense of the chronology and remove some inaccuracies i think theres still work to be done im not a musician just a fan and i think it would be good to get some informed musical input about the various styles 
0.013890225
make

: not any other website , justin . just yours . and enemy seems appropriate given the enormous number of hours you must spend making sure that dr. palmer's page remains tainted with false claims and non-neutral commentary . i can't speak for anyone else here , but i am being objective with respect to the content of the page . as i mentioned before , i included factual claims about dr. palmer , and added a reasonable criticism ( that came from critical review , not palmer's blog ) .
0.17785831
not any other website justin just yours and enemy seems appropriate given the enormous number of hours you must spend making sure that dr palmers page remains tainted with alse claims and nonneutral commentary i cant speak for anyone else here but i am being objective with respect to the content of the page as i mentioned before i included factual claims about dr palmer and added a reasonable criticism that came from critical review not palmers blog 
0.0858831
false

