jorfer's complaint above is actually deeper than just whether or not 0.999 ... = 1 . his issue , rather , is rather the concept of limits actually applies to real life . he is agreeing that the series ( 0.9 , 0.99 , 0.999 , ... ) has a limit of 1 , but he is not agreeing that the corresponding decimal 0.999 ... should be said to be equal to 1 , but that they must instead differ by some as yet undefined infinitesimal amount . : the reason that an infinite series in the real number system has a sum equal to the limit of its corresponding partial finite sums is that the real number system is defined in such a way that two numbers which differ by at most an infinitesimal quantity must be equal . the article archimedean property has a section that explains why the reals have no non-zero strictly positive infinitesimal numbers . since 0.999 ... and 1 differ by at most an infinitesimal quantity , and the only such quanity in the reals is zero , 1 - 0.999 ... = 0 and thus 1 = 0.999 ... :
0.015630297
jorfers complaint above is actually deeper than just whether or not 0999 1 his issue rather is rather the concept of limits actually applies to real lif he is agreeing that the series 09 099 0999 has a limit of 1 but he is not agreeing that the corresponding decimal 0999 should be said to be equal to 1 but that they must instead differ by some as yet undefined infinitesimal amount the reason that an infinite series in the real number system has a sum equal to the limit of its corresponding partial finite sums is that the real number system is defined in such a way that two numbers which differ by at most an infinitesimal quantity must be equal the article archimedean property has a section that explains why the reals have no nonzero strictly positive infinitesimal numbers since 0999 and 1 differ by at most an infinitesimal quantity and the only such quanity in the reals is zero 1 0999 0 and thus 1 0999 
0.012087003
life

, 14 february 2007 ( utc ) lol -email 06:57
0.010762447
14 february 2007 tc lol email 0657 
0.0038520026
utc

:::: there is a whole article on the icons book . there is criticism there . what more do you want ? the wp article on wells says , wells's assertions and conclusion in this book , as well as in his other writings , are rejected by the scientific community . that is silly and false . it would be more informative to find someone who has some specific objection to some assertion in the book . but then things get complicated . some of wells's assertion are true and accepted . wells claims that some biology textbooks have been modified as a result of his book . i don't know whether that is true or not , but criticism of wells in a wells biography should at least contain wells's side of the story .
0.0729924
there is a whole article on the icons book there is criticism there what more do you want the wp article on wells says wellss assertions and conclusion in this book as well as in his other writings are rejected by the scientific community that is sill and false it would be more informative to find someone who has some specific objection to some assertion in the book but then things get complicated some of wellss assertion are true and accepted wells claims that some biology textbooks have been modified as a result of his book i dont know whether that is true or not but criticism of wells in a wells biography should at least contain wellss side of the story 
0.024665946
silly

= = mdma deaths in perspective = = well i go to the shellfish page and see two sentences describing toxicty and death ... why is it we even have an mdma section on lethal effects ??? and not just a single sentence , there have been a few reported cases of people dying from mdma similar in number to yearly shellfish deaths ... why is it we dont ???... because we want as much info as possible ... yet when creating a long section on mdma deaths we need to put this in perspective as to how much of an issue it really is for society ... if someone ( anonymous user ??? blackrose ??? ) ... wants to remove the sentences putting this topic in perspective .. then im going to eliminate the entire section to make it as long as the shellfish article on deaths : one sentence on mdma deaths ... i dont like deleting info though , so please dont delete cited factual information and i wont have to ...
0.15025438
mdma deaths in perspective well i o to the shellfish page and see two sentences describing toxicty and death why is it we even have an mdma section on lethal effects and not just a single sentence there have been a few reported cases of people dying from mdma similar in number to yearly shellfish deaths why is it we dont because we want as much info as possible yet when creating a long section on mdma deaths we need to put this in perspective as to how much of an issue it really is for society if someone anonymous user blackrose wants to remove the sentences putting this topic in perspective then im going to eliminate the entire section to make it as long as the shellfish article on deaths one sentence on mdma deaths i dont like deleting info though so please dont delete cited factual information and i wont have to 
0.08155063
go

movies are canon . take the garlic junior saga for example . onio is only a joke . there are other parodies that have other super saiyans in it . onio is more of a fan work done by toriyama than an actual creation . movies are part of the dragonball series . onio should be removed . he doesn't match the dragonball continuity . goku appeared in robot chicken but i don't hear you arguing about it . lets just stick with the anime , movies , and dragonball series manga .
0.06975353
movies are canon take the garlic junior saga for example onio is only a joe there are other parodies that have other super saiyans in it onio is more of a fan work done by toriyama than an actual creation movies are part of the dragonball series onio should be removed he doesnt match the dragonball continuity goku appeared in robot chicken but i dont hear you arguing about it lets just stick with the anime movies and dragonball series manga 
0.04505126
joke

fuckan morons = = = = stop changan the pages = = = = or i am twist off youre littal pee-wees
0.9203529
fuckan morons stop changan the ages or i am twist off youre littal peewees 
0.86457515
pages

february 2007 ( utc ) :: restored content redeleted . — 21:19 , 14
0.002228991
february 2007 uc restored content redeleted — 2119 14 
0.0020316695
utc

= = wolf blitzer = = care to explain on talk for the article why you rv'd my changes ? highly pov in the comment isnt much of a description . oh and i solved your conundrum over his involvement with aipac , establishing at least that he was an employee for them in 1970s .
0.08479855
wolf blitzer care to explain on talk for the article why you rvd my changes highly pov in the comment isnt much of a description oh and i solved your conundrum over his involvement with aipac establishing at leat that he was an employee for them in 1970s 
0.07887243
least

::: friedmans words are clearly quoted and clearly cited via the article linked to . a source you have removed for some reason . do you have something to contribute from blitzers side ? please , by all means include it . is lack of something from blitzers side a reason to exclude citicism and delete a large chunk of the article ? i dont think so . unless you can actually defend your changes citing policy you will need to revert them . :::: to clarify , yes , near east report is an aipac publication , as i said four days ago . whether it was published by aipac in the 70s , i don't know , although it is likely . what we do know is that blitzer started working for the jpost in 1973 . he may very well have edited a version of myths & facts in 1976 , by the way , en edition of that book was published every two years . plenty of journalists do outside work . keep in mind that we are an encyclopedia . you need a reliable source thats says who he worked for and the dates . pulling this information together from different primary sources is original research . you cannot quote somebody as calling near east report a propaganda sheet any more than another editor can say belfast is inhabited by drunken and violent irish people with the quote cited to thomas nast . you also can't cite three people attacking blitzer's scholarship in territory of lies without any response from blitzer or his supporters . :: firstly , i wont respond to your silly example referring to where i live . your racism is disgusting and reflects only on you but thats your problem . :: secondly , please dont further insult the intelligence of editors by implying that near east report was * possibly * published by someone else in 1970s . blitzer edited the book ergo he worked for aipac , likewise he was editor of the weekly publication near east report into 1978 . source ? the directoy listing showing his name listed as the responsible party at the weekly . he worked for them in 1976 , 77 , 78 regardless of whether you seek to portray that as outside work or anything else . his name is on the front cover of the book as editor right ? his name is listed in the weekly publication as editor right ? are those facts in dispute by you ? :: friedmans words are his own , you removed not only the quote whos inclusion you disagree with but all the other details . fine , remove the quote , but removing everything else ? criticism of blitzer does belong in the section detailing criticism . an automatic rebuttal isnt necessarily required if its a minority view and/or it cant be located . i looked for blitzers rebuttal , did you ? please include inline or in its own responses to criticism section but please stop acting unilaterally and work towards a consensus .
0.13876979
friedmans words are clearly quoted and clearly cited via the article linked to a source you have removed for some reason do you have something to contribute from blitzers side please by all means include it is lack of something from blitzers side a reason to exclude citicism and delete a large chunk of the article i dont think so unless you can actually defend your changes citing policy you will need to revert them to clarify yes near east report is an aipac publication as i said four days ago whether it was published by aipac in the 70s i dont know although it is likely what we do know is that blitzer started working for the jpost in 1973 he may very well have edited a version of myths facts in 1976 by the way en edition of that book was published every two years plenty of journalists do outside work keep in mind that we are an encyclopedia you need a reliable source thats says who he worked for and the dates pulling this information together from different primary sources is original research you cannot quote somebody as calling near east report a propaganda sheet any more than another editor can say belfast is inhabited by drunken and violent irish people with the quote cited to thomas nast you also cant cite three people attacking blitzers scholarship in territory of lies without any response from blitzer or his supporters firstly i wont respond to your silly example referring to where i live your racism is disguting and reflects only on you but thats your problem secondly please dont further insult the intelligence of editors by implying that near east report was possibly published by someone else in 1970s blitzer edited the book ergo he worked for aipac likewise he was editor of the weekly publication near east report into 1978 source the directoy listing showing his name listed as the responsible party at the weekly he worked for them in 1976 77 78 regardless of whether you seek to portray that as outside work or anything else his name is on the front cover of the book as editor right his name is listed in the weekly publication as editor right are those facts in dispute by you friedmans words are his own you removed not only the quote whos inclusion you disagree with but all the other details fine remove the quote but removing everything else criticism of blitzer does belong in the section detailing criticism an automatic rebuttal isnt necessarily required if its a minority view andor it cant be located i looked for blitzers rebuttal did you please include inline or in its own responses to criticism section but please stop acting unilaterally and work towards a consensus 
0.11871141
disgusting

:: no , the only problem here is your attitude . you need to calm down and argue your case for exclusing criticism of blitzer and details of his bibliography/relationship with aipac from a rational standpoint . you also need to argue for these exclusions on a policy basis . characterizing the statements of 2 critics , people as liable for court proceedings as wikipedia , tangential , is no good . he worked for aipac . evidence reflected in his published work for aipac also exists . attempting to disallow inclusion of criticism because you havent found the other side is no good either . that he made a rebuttal was originally mentioned by me . i spent time looking for his rebuttal , please include it if you have more luck finding it . :: i did find published evidence of blitzer working for aipac . you must move on to trying to discredit that evidence . yes getting the name of the paper wrong was a silly mistake but doesnt reflect on the cited sources , or details of blitzers work for aipac .
0.06814027
no the only problem here is your attitude you need to calm down and argue your case for exclusing criticism of blitzer and details of his bibliographyrelationship with aipac from a rational standpoint you also need to argue for these exclusions on a policy basis characterizing the statements of 2 critics people as liable for court proceedings as wikipedia tangential is no good he worked for aipac evidence reflected in his published work for aipac also exists attempting to disallow inclusion of criticism because you havent found the other side is no good either that he made a rebuttal was originally mentioned by me i spent time looking for his rebuttal please include it if you have more luck finding it i did find published evidence of blitzer working for aipac you must move on to trying to discredit that evidence yes getting the name of the paper wrong was a sill mistake but doesnt reflect on the cited sources or details of blitzers work for aipac 
0.046677057
silly

you're still a snivelling little cunt and a foul fruit
0.8176313
youre still a snivelling little cut and a foul fruit 
0.5318146
cunt

, and h from earlier as well ,
0.014304036
and  from earlier as well 
0.010773534
h

= = voice of francis griffin = = hiya , zachary . i just made an edit to the holy crap article , changing the voice of francis griffin from charles durning to colm meaney based on source such as tv guide . however , i see that you made a previous edit in which you stated that meaney was not in the episode . if this is true , then please revert my changes ( if someone doesn't beat you to them ) . however , if possible ( and if you haven't done so already ) , could you please check the end credits of the episode to make sure that meaney was not a voice actor in the episode ? if he wasn't , then i think what we have here is a severe case of misinformation from many sources – apparently meaney was originally cast for the role and may have actually done some of the voice work but was ultimately replaced with charles dunring , who had to re-do the dialogue . anyway , if you could check on this , that would be awesome . thanks ! )
0.13766828
voice of francis griffin hiya zachary i just made an edit to the holy cap article changing the voice of francis griffin from charles durning to colm meaney based on source such as tv guide however i see that you made a previous edit in which you stated that meaney was not in the episode if this is true then please revert my changes if someone doesnt beat you to them however if possible and if you havent done so already could you please check the end credits of the episode to make sure that meaney was not a voice actor in the episode if he wasnt then i think what we have here is a severe case of misinformation from many sources – apparently meaney was originally cast for the role and may have actually done some of the voice work but was ultimately replaced with charles dunring who had to redo the dialogue anyway if you could check on this that would be awesome thanks 
0.025785265
crap

you need a difference between merging and redirecting , and deleting and redirecting . and to discuss such things first ( there are discussions on the mergings , wake up neo ) . eot .
0.100947626
you need a difference between merging and redirecting and deleting and redirecting and to discuss such things first there are discussions on the mergings wake up eo eot 
0.07237538
neo

= = dicdef = = this is just a definition of a phenomenon dealt with in the decompression sickness articles . it should be transwikified . |
0.09973978
dicdef this is just a definition of a phenomenon dealt with in the decompression sckness articles it should be transwikified 
0.06683983
sickness

is zakk wylde racist naming the band lynyrd skynhead
0.45277813
is zakk wylde rcist naming the band lynyrd skynhead 
0.077131934
racist

= = johnpedia = = that was so long ago , how did you even know ? do you stalk my page ? i changed one word , it was harmless , and the person changed it right back . it was a while ago , you missed the bus . i don't understand why you bothered .
0.14395306
johnpedia that was so long ago how did you even know do you stalk my page i changed one word it was hamless and the person changed it right back it was a while ago you missed the bus i dont understand why you bothered 
0.13109306
harmless

a tag has been placed on benny wa , requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia . this has been done because the article seems to be about a person , group of people , band , club , company , or web content , but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable , that is , why an article about that subject should be included in wikipedia . under the criteria for speedy deletion , articles that do not assert notability may be deleted at any time . please see the guidelines for what is generally accepted as notable , and if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable , you may contest the tagging . to do this , add on the top of the page ( below the existing db tag ) and leave a note on the article's talk page explaining your position . please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself , but don't hesitate to add information to the article that would confirm its subject's notability under the guidelines . for guidelines on specific types of articles , you may want to check out our criteria for biographies , for web sites , for bands , or for companies . feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this .
0.0097154975
a tag has been placed on benny wa requesting that it be speedily deleted from wikipedia this has been done because the article seems to be about a peson group of people band club company or web content but it does not indicate how or why the subject is notable that is why an article about that subject should be included in wikipedia under the criteria for speedy deletion articles that do not assert notability may be deleted at any time please see the guidelines for what is generally accepted as notable and if you can indicate why the subject of this article is notable you may contest the tagging to do this add on the top of the page below the existing db tag and leave a note on the articles talk page explaining your position please do not remove the speedy deletion tag yourself but dont hesitate to add information to the article that would confirm its subjects notability under the guidelines for guidelines on specific types of articles you may want to check out our criteria for biographies for web sites for bands or for companies feel free to leave a note on my talk page if you have any questions about this 
0.0082553215
person

thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do . take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia . a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here : link . if you believe this edit should not have been reverted , please contact me .
0.008935379
thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you may want to do take a look at the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia a link to the edit i have reverted can be found here link if you believe this edit shuld not have been reverted please contact me 
0.008687904
should

welcome ! hello , and welcome to wikipedia . thank you for your contributions . currently , you are editing without a username . you can continue to do so , as you are not required to log in to wikipedia to read and edit articles ; however , logging in will result in a username being shown instead of your ip address ( yours is 128.175.82.211 ) . logging in does not require any personal details , and there are many other benefits for logging in . when you edit pages : * please respect others ' copyrights ; do not copy and paste the contents from webpages directly . * please use a neutral point of view when editing articles ; this is possibly the most important wikipedia policy . * if you are testing , please use the sandbox to do so . * do not add unreasonable contents into any articles , such as copyrighted text , advertisement messages , and text that is not related to an article's subject . adding such content or editing articles maliciously is considered vandalism . the wikipedia tutorial is a good place to start learning about wikipedia . for now , if you are stuck , you can click the edit this page tab above , type {{ helpme }} in the edit box , and then click save page ; an experienced wikipedian will be around shortly to answer any questions you may have . also feel free to ask a question on . i will answer your questions as far as i can ! thank you again for contributing to wikipedia . -
0.040067226
welcome hello and welcome to wikipedia thank you for your contributions currently you are editing without a username you can continue to do so as you are not required to log in to wikipedia to read and edit articles however logging in will result in a username being shown instead of your ip address yours is 12817582211 logging in does not require any personal details and there are many other benefits for logging in when you edit pages please respect others copyrights do not copy and paste the contents from webpages directly please use a neutral pont of view when editing articles this is possibly the most important wikipedia policy if you are testing please use the sandbox to do so do not add unreasonable contents into any articles such as copyrighted text advertisement messages and text that is not related to an articles subject adding such content or editing articles maliciously is considered vandalism the wikipedia tutorial is a good place to start learning about wikipedia for now if you are stuck you can click the edit this page tab above type helpme in the edit box and then click save page an experienced wikipedian will be around shortly to answer any questions you may have also feel free to ask a question on i will answer your questions as far as i can thank you again for contributing to wikipedia 
0.03560786
point

