= = persistent vandalism and defwarn of chad smith article by johnc1 = =
0.1682722
persistent vndalism and defwarn of chad smith article by johnc1 
0.048603766
vandalism

:: that figures . you're the disruptive one with the pov problems who stalks other wikipedians .
0.25010034
that figures youre the disruptive one with the ov problems who stalks other wikipedians 
0.23594536
pov

: sorry about that . only the part inherently a political religion should be in quotes . here is one source . there are several sources were the above quote can be found .
0.033781644
sorry about that only the part inherently a poltical religion should be in quotes here is one source there are several sources were the above quote can be found 
0.033464994
political

:: the rest off what i wrote can also be quoted by islamic sites . who believe that in the middle east there should be only islamic law .
0.10559661
the rest off what i wrote can also be quoted by isliamic sites who believe that in the middle east there should be only isamic law 
0.06754
islamic

= = kyaa the catlord = = kyaa the catlord keeps reverting the islamism page back too the original version from about a week ago , please get her or him to stop .
0.07669331
kyaa the catlord kyaa the catlord keeps reverting the islamism page back too the original version from about a week ago please gt her or him to stop 
0.053330507
get

= = harris = = hi max rspct . you keep reverting onto the harris page the claim that harris is a protégé of neoconservative middle east scholars daniel pipes and martin kramer but have yet to respond to the talk : page requests for citation of that claim . as i've said there , i know nothing about harrs , and the claim may well be true , but it's obviously being contested , wp : blp is clear that biographies of living people must strictly adhere to our content policies , particularly in terms of getting high-quality references for claims . could you please come to the talk : page and respond to the issues there . i'm willing to leave this unsourced claim on the page for another couple of days , but in general wikipedia is extremely cautious when it comes to this sort of thing .
0.032041084
harris hi max rspct you keep reverting onto the harris page the claim that harris si a protégé of neoconservative middle east scholars daniel pipes and martin kramer but have yet to respond to the talk page requests for citation of that claim as ive said there i know nothing about harrs and the claim may well be true but its obviously being contested wp blp i s clear that biographies of living people must strictly adhere to our content policies particularly in terms of getting highquality references for claims could you please come to the talk page and respond to the issues there im willing to leave this unsourced claim on the page for another couple of days but in general wikipedia i extremely cautious when it comes to this sort of thing 
0.029873956
is

= = = = this guy has been defaming you on certain pages . i noticed he ' had numerous warnings ; i think he should be blocked now .
0.3570664
this guy has been defaing you on certain pages i noticed he had numerous warnings i think he should be blocked now 
0.22912332
defaming

= = jesus article and the cultural and historical background . = = there is a long discussion of the historical jesus at talk : jesus #scholarly_views_of_the_historical_jesus . it's divided into three categories : jesus as moral teacher ; jesus as apocalyptic prophet ; and jesus in comparison to pharisees , sadducees , zealots and essenes . the last category in particular could be informed by this article .
0.103670724
jesus article and the cultural and historical background there is a long discussion of the historical jesus at talk jesus scholarlyviewsofthehistoricaljesus its divided into three categories jesus as moral teacher jesus as apocalyptic prophet and jesus in comparison to pharises sadducees zealots and essenes the last category in particular could be informed by this article 
0.04365778
pharisees

, 9 april 2006 ( utc ) stlemur if you really want all the nitty gritty information of glitters case , then why don't you do what was suggested at the start of this debate and do a full court record of glitter's trial . this is an article about gary glitter , the singer . while it will of course mention details about the case , it is not a case of doing it to the degree that every stone , regardless of how pointless be turned . so anyway why don't you do a full court report on it's own wikipage i.e gary glitter trial , if it means that much to you to have this information out on wikipedia . i have even given you a link you can start with . 13:54
0.024886124
9 april 2006 utc stlemur if you really want all the nitty gritty information of glitters case then why dont you do what was suggested at the start of this debate and do a full court record of glitters trial this is an article about gary glitter the singer while it will of course mention details about the case it is not a case of doing it to the degree that every stone regardless of how poinless be turned so anyway why dont you do a full court report on its own wikipage ie gary glitter trial if it means that much to you to have this information out on wikipedia i have even given you a link you can start with 1354 
0.016101386
pointless

. : i actually feel sorry for you
0.038029242
i actually fee sorry for you 
0.037731484
feel

= = message from yogiraj gurunath and hamsa yoga sangh = = dan , thank you for sharing the message from yogiraj gurunath siddanath . i was impressed with the message and the tone of it . wikipedia articles , unfortunately , are not the places to convey one's spiritual state . and the npov policy attracts , and even requires , naysayers and doubters . i've seen this in articles of great souls that i know have deep realization . fortunately , there are better places for sharing realization and spiritual teachings . may you quickly reach self-realization , and my apologies for some unkind things that i said in all this . as your guru said , let us meditate more and talk less !
0.025935978
message from yogiraj gurunath and hamsa yoga sangh dan thank you for sharing the message from yogiraj gurunath siddanath i was impressed with the message and the tone of it wikipedia articles unfortunately are not the places to convey ones spiritual state and the npov policy attracts and even requires naysayers and doubters ive seen this in articles of great souls that i know have deep realization fortunately there are better places for sharing realization and spiritual teachings may you quickly reach selfrealization and my apologies for some unkid things that i said in all this as your guru said let us meditate more and talk less 
0.01303631
unkind

= = few clarifications = = hi nichalp , i am busy doing the changes you suggested . meanwhile , i have a few doubts and would be happy if you can resolve them . first of all , what is the difference between gfdl(gnu free documentation license ) and pd(public domain ) . i have already seen the articles on them without any success in understanding the difference . aren't gfdl documents open to public use ? all the images created by me are tagged , but i don't have any idea if would be more appropriate or not . secondly , i couldn't understand the context of your saying iitb also has a geology department . please check . even if it does have one , where should the changed be made , if at all they are to be done since this is a very minor issue . thirdly , i would be happy if you can suggest some neutral title to success story . few of my attempts have been reverted by other authors as they felt the titles suggested by me are inappropriate . even i feel so , but i have no clue what would be most appropriate . thanks , -
0.023754543
few clarifications hi nichalp i am busy doing the changes you suggested meanwhile i have a few doubts and would be happy if you can resolve them first of all what is the difference between gfdlgnu free documentation license and pdpublic domain i have already seen the articles on them without any success in understanding the difference arent gfdl documents open to public use all the images created by me are tagged but i dont have any idea if would be more appropriate or not secondly i couldnt understand the context of your saying iitb also has a geology department please check even if it does have one where should the changed be made if at all they are to be done since this is a very minor issue thirdly i would be happy if you can suggest some neutral title to success story few of my attempts have been reverted by other authors as they felt the titles suggested by me are inapprpriate even i feel so but i have no clue what would be most appropriate thanks 
0.011052598
inappropriate

i have indefinitely blocked you for repeated violations of any number of wikipedia policies over many months and many blocking admins . you show no signs of trying to improve , and even when given your final warning , just above , you responded with more of the same . i haven't really been involved with you before and just kind of ran across this and realized , do what is good for the wikipedia community ... enough is enough .
0.13421084
i have indefinitely blocked you for repeated violations of any number of wikipedia policies over many months and many blocking admins you show no signs of trying to improve and even when given your final warning just above you responded with more of the same i havent really been involved with you before and just kind of rn across this and realized do what is good for the wikipedia community enough is enough 
0.10171863
ran

* you're asking evilphoenix ? he's one that totally abuses his administration rights . this user makes false assumptions on wikipedia without proof , and then just hap-hazardly does what he wants to do . my opinion go ask someone else .
0.35245958
youre asking evilphoenix hes one that totally abuses his administration rights this user makes alse assumptions on wikipedia without proof and then just haphazardly does what he wants to do my opinion go ask someone else 
0.23502907
false

= = ycchh ! = = who added that awful synthesized voice file at the bottom ? it sounds ... well , it has synthesized voices , shouldn't that be enough ? we should get rid of it .
0.2531595
ycchh who added that aful synthesized voice file at the bottom it sounds well it has synthesized voices shouldnt that be enough we should get rid of it 
0.07084815
awful

i have changed lou's block duration to indefinite due to his total lack of productive edits . he's done nothing but disrupt this article . —
0.07036468
i have changed lous block duration to indefinite due to his total lac of productive edits hes done nothing but disrupt this article — 
0.040999375
lack

= = de livera = = thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.013957011
de livera thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and has been revered or removed please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.011933826
reverted

::::::: that's your pov - last time i saw the general assembly of the united nations there was an ambassador representing a former yugoslav republic of macedonia . also , an entity describing itself as the former yugoslav republic of macedonia recently applied to join the eu . this country's self identifying name obviously varies according to the circumstances . it has two official names out of which one ( fyrom ) ranks higher in a google search ( see above ) . this is a legitimate term and is not a breach of npov ( it's not possible - npov is not based on names , but on presentation of the facts ; using either name , the article is capable of being neutral as long as what is actually going on is told in an unbiased way ) .
0.014502183
thats your pov last time i saw the general assembly of the united nations there was an ambassador representing a former yugoslav republic of macedonia also an entity describing itself as the former yugoslav republic of macedonia recently applied to join the eu this countrys sef identifying name obviously varies according to the circumstances it has two official names out of which one fyrom ranks higher in a google search see above this is a legitimate term and is not a breach of npov its not possible npov is not based on names but on presentation of the facts using either name the article is capable of being neutral as long as what is actually going on is told in an unbiased way 
0.012088382
self

while that you deleted had to be deleted
0.090705216
while that you deleted had to e deleted 
0.07848632
be

exactly how are my edits so bad
0.30695292
exactly how are my edits so bd 
0.028297057
bad

please do not add nonsense to wikipedia . it is considered vandalism . if you would like to experiment , use the sandbox . thank you . m
0.13426138
please do not add nonsens to wikipedia it is considered vandalism if you would like to experiment use the sandbox thank you m 
0.08396259
nonsense

= = tom likes it up the pooper !!! = = by men !!!
0.42144203
tom likes it up the pooper by en 
0.15769286
men

ea , this is jim heller , the person you blocked for supposedly violated the three-revert rule on the ron geaves article . i believe that the violator in that situation was jossi fresco not me . indeed , i believe that jossi fresco was vandalizing the article , taking out all the text that i contributed on a new subject within the geaves article , but that once i began reversing his vandalism he began to accuse me of reverting . i would like to discuss this with you further . is this the appropriate place ? thanks
0.07623807
ea this is jim heller the person you blocked for supposedly violated the threerevert rule on the ron geaves article i believe that the violator in that situation was jossi fresco not me indeed i believe that jossi fresco was vandalizing the article taking out all the text that i contributed on a new subject within the geaves article but that once i began reversing his andalism he began to accuse me of reverting i would like to discuss this with you further is this the appropriate place thanks 
0.07244858
vandalism

: 8 banditdos from toronto ( well , 6 and 2 asscoiates ) just showed up dead in a southwest ontario cornfield this weekend so ...
0.10195541
8 banditdos from toronto well 6 and 2 asscoiates just showed up ead in a southwest ontario cornfield this weekend so 
0.06476282
dead

= = shotokan dispute end of feb thru beginning of apr 2006 = = *( original message :) hey you haven't violated this rule , but i just wanted to make sure you know about wp : 3rr , because you're one revert away from violating it if you do so in the next couple of hours . also , an anon editor has suggested mediation on the edit dispute , see talk : shotokan ... i'd suggest you do it .. you and the other editors are all obviously acting in good faith , and just need some neutral , honest outside input . *( reply :) yes , i'm aware of the 3rr . i talked it over with a friend here and i may be abandoning my shotokan effort for the forseeable future . thanks for your time and your input . regards ,
0.054638796
shotokan dispute end of feb thru beginning of apr 2006 original message hey you havent violated this rule but i just wanted to make sure you know about wp 3rr because youre one revert away from violating it if you do so in the next couple of hours also an anon editor has suggested mediation on the edit dispute see talk shotokan id suggest you do it you and the other editors are all obviously actin in good faith and just need some neutral honest outside input reply yes im aware of the 3rr i talked it over with a friend here and i may be abandoning my shotokan effort for the forseeable future thanks for your time and your input regards 
0.04134888
acting

= = about the personal attacks and vandalyzing = = i appologise about the personal attacks . i usualy don't do that . about vandalizing : see what user nikosilver is doing - he is the real vandalizer , not me . please have him warned .
0.32642716
about the personal attacks and vandalyzing i apologise about the personal attacks i usualy dont do that about vandalizing see what user nikosilver is doing he is the real vandalizer not me please have him warned 
0.29184967
appologise

