= = please = = please check your mail . =(
0.017418344
pelase pleae check your mail 
0.014096446
please

::: typical neo-con sympathiser , imposing his personal views on us all and deciding ( with no authority to do so ) what is warranted and what is unwarranted by somehow claiming a mandate when none exists . desist from your rambling and mildly amusing pontifications as they are tangential and deal with the issue , that being that there are no objectively neutral verifiable sources to back your ill-conceived assertion about the neo-conservatist legacy of the late senator . the sources are not reliable as they are agenda-based in their nature .
0.2100095
typical neocon sympathiser imposing his personal views on us all and deciding with no authority to do so what ns warranted and what i unwarranted by somehow claiming a mandate when none exists desist from your rambling and mildly amusing pontifications as they are tangential and deal with the issue that being that there are no objectively neutral verifiable sources to back your illconceived assertion about the neoconservatist legacy of the late senator the sources are not reliable as they are agendabased in their nature 
0.1578432
is

= = mediation/discussion = = a case report was posted up by at the mediation cabal involving this article . i will now be helping to iron out any problems that anyone is having . if you'd like to see the report itself , check out wikipedia : mediation cabal/cases/2006-06-05 bullshit . ok , so it seems accurateone is becoming frustrated with the constant reverting of all of his edits . personally , i can't blame him , i'd be a little pissed too if all of my edits were being reverted . although i'm sure you have perfectly valid reasons for deleting his material , it's generally best to discuss it on the talk page and then come to an agreement before we change material that's causing conflict between editors . please note that i personally take no sides on the situation , and will remain neutral throughout any discussion . yaaaaay neautrality !! * ahem * anywho ... now that we have all that mess brought up to the table , let's discuss why accurateone's material is being removed . eh ?
0.3616169
mediationdiscussion a case report was posted up by at the mediation cabal involving this article i will now be helping to iron out any problems that anyone si having if youd like to see the report itself check out wikipedia mediation cabalcases20060605 bullshit ok so it seems accurateone s becoming frustrated with the constant reverting of all of his edits personally i cant blame him id be a little pissed too if all of my edits were being reverted although im sure you have perfectly valid reasons for deleting his material its generally best to discuss it on the talk page and then come to an agreement before we change material thats causing conflict between editors please note that i personally take no sides on the situation and will remain neutral throughout any discussion yaaaaay neautrality ahem anywho now that we have all that mess brought up to the table lets discuss why accurateones material s being removed eh 
0.32950753
is

: i believe the vowel length distinctions you're referring to are totally stress-related . assamese has penultimate stress , and thus all second-to-last vowels are longer than other vowels . this has nothing to do with the vowel being written one way or another . shortening that vowel sounds strange to you because it breaks this consistent rule in assamese for lengthened vowels in certain positions . however , total contextual licensing of length is evidence of a lack of true vowel length distinction in the language , and thus should not be transcribed .
0.032556303
i believe the vowel length distinctions youre referring to are totally stressrelated assamese has penultimate stress and thus all secondtolast vowels are longer than other vowels this has nothing to do with the vowel being written one way or another shortening that vowel sounds strange to you because it breaks this consistent rule in assamese for lengthened vowels in certain positions however total contextual licensing of length is evidence of a lak of true vowel length distinction in the language and thus should not be transcribed 
0.023804754
lack

:: actually , someone beat you to it , but thanks anyway . ) ( translate ? )
0.07379591
actually someone beat you to it but thank anyway translate 
0.06471443
thanks

everybody knows thomas robb likes big black dick , stop lying , and face facts . so stop deleting my additions , it's true . i can prove it , i'm a big black man and he put my balls in his mouth .
0.77756834
everybody knows thomas robb likes big black dck stop lying and face facts so stop deleting my additions its true i can prove it im a big black man and he put my balls in his mouth 
0.7058726
dick

yes , cool , but neither one of you signed your comments , so i guess your input doesn't really count . going to buy this book tomorrow ..
0.03540425
yes cool but neither one of you signed your comments so i guess your input doesnt really cont going to buy this book tomorrow 
0.028888674
count

= = portal : law selections = = greetings , fellow wikiproject law member ! one of our tasks on this wikiproject is the upkeep of portal : law , where we have set up a four week cycle wherein each week one of four key features - the selected article , biography , case , or image - is rotated out . previous selections can be found at portal : law/former selections . please contribute your thoughts at portal talk : law as to likely candidates for future rotations in each of these categories . cheers !
0.0038383391
portal law selections greetings fellow wikiproject law member one of our tasks on this wikiproject is the upkeep of portal law where we have set up a four week cycle wherein each week one of four ky features the selected article biography case or image is rotated out previous selections can be found at portal lawformer selections please contribute your thoughts at portal talk law as to likely candidates for future rotations in each of these categories cheers 
0.002477628
key

: tell you what : find me one use of this outside of a web site ( sex-lexis ? you're kidding ) and i'll drop my opposition to it . just one magazine article . one book . one newspaper article . ( nandesuka ) nandesuka , you gotta be shitting me - you aren't seriously asking us to find an unverifiable source for the term in favor of verifiable ones ? ( its , uh , mentioned in dick and jane get sexually mutilated ) also , books and magazines kinda miss that handy search plaintext function .
0.48342526
tell you what find me one use of this outside of a web site sexlexis youre kidding and ill drop my opposition to it just one magazine article one book one newspaper article nandesuka nandesuka you gotta be shiting me you arent seriously asking us to find an unverifiable source for the term in favor of verifiable ones its uh mentioned in dick and jane get sexually mutilated also books and magazines kinda miss that handy search plaintext function 
0.4438196
shitting

one week block for editing with ips to circumvent his block - in fact the ips were used by others to throw mud at me , please check evidence presented at my talk page .
0.05465164
one week block for editing with ips to circumvent his block in fact the ips were used by others to thro mud at me please check evidence presented at my talk page 
0.038792014
throw

hey ! glad to see you're okay . as for proof that people have been defining ' vestigial ' with still being able to have some functions ( that could have been worded better ) since the theory began , take a look at the sources i added to the vestigial structures article . darwin , weismann and wiedersheim ( who is credited with coining the term ' vestigial ' to refer to them ) all used it in this way right from the beginning , in the 19th century . so it isn't a redefinition of the term to match a discovery of function , it has always meant this . hope this helps , but i suspect you will still disagree .
0.014978029
hey glad to see youre okay as for proof that people have been defining vestigial with still being able to have some functions that could have been worded better since the theory began take a look at the sources i added to the vestigial structures article darwin weismann and wiedersheim who is credited with coining the term vestigial to refer to them all used it in this way right from the beginning in the 19th century so it isnt a redefinition of the term to match a discovery of function it has always meant this hope this helps but i suspect you will still disgree 
0.014376327
disagree

i understand quite well how evolution is supposed to work . i understand the capriciousness and contingencies in the workings of evolution . it is the paragraph in question , especially the example in that paragraph , which distorts the workings of evolution . the phrase “ it need only increase at a rate of 0.005 cm per generation (= 50 cm/ 10,000 ) ” easily gives the impression of progressive linear change . the anthropocentric notions of directionality and purpose often ( i assume inadvertently ) find their way into the writings of specialists who attempt to explain various forms of darwinian evolution . from these i have often read how evolution “ invents ” various forms and functions . carl sagan , in my opinion one of the worst offenders in these matters , injected anthropocentric notions on a massive scale so as to justify his idea of a million highly advanced technological civilizations in the galaxy . i read your paragraph as suffering from the same notions of directionality .
0.044989157
i understand quite well how evolution is supposed to work i understand the capriciousness and contingencies in the workings of evolution it is the paragraph in question especially the example in that paragraph which distorts the workings of evolution the phrase “ it need only increase at a rate of 0005 cm per generation 50 cm 10000 ” easily gives the impression of progressive linear change the anthropocentric notions of directionality and purpose often i assume inadvertently find their way into the writings of specialists who attempt to explain various forms of darwinian evolution from these i have often read how evolution “ invents ” various forms and functions carl sagan in my opinion one of the worst ofenders in these matters injected anthropocentric notions on a massive scale so as to justify his idea of a million highly advanced technological civilizations in the galaxy i read your paragraph as suffering from the same notions of directionality 
0.034369227
offenders

the link is correct . the expression buckwheat is a highly offensive racial slur against african-amercians .
0.25151867
the link is correct the expression bckwheat is a highly offensive racial slur against africanamercians 
0.17277786
buckwheat

oh and just incase there is any doubt that it is a slur :
0.22723936
oh and just incase there is any doubt that it is a lur 
0.1749829
slur

= = idiot = = your revert of my edits to ' whistleblower ' shows that you did not look at them at all . i in fact removed nonsense that was to be removed anyway by another user several days later . do not presume that i am a vandal ! jun 9 , 2006
0.7829999
diot your revert of my edits to whistleblower shows that you did not look at them at all i in fact removed nonsense that was to be removed anyway by another user several days later do not presume that i am a vandal jun 9 2006 
0.2251812
idiot

= = f-14 aircraft = = the stennis probably doesn't have any 14's attached to her anymore , unless i am mistaken . ... :
0.119982034
f14 aircraft the stennis probably doesnt have any 14s attached to her anymore unless i a mistaken 
0.03288134
am

