= = wikisource transwiki's = = it would be really great if you kept any comments on the talk page ( especialy those regarding questionable copyright or sources lacking ) attached to the texts . for example talk:muhammed's last sermon . fair warning ; anything that i have questioned on this end is guarnteed to be immediately put up for deletion over at wikisource . if the orginal contributor over here has not clarified in all this time the chances of them doing so over at wikisource are slim to none . and hunting down translators without any clues where it came from is near impossible . thanks for all the hard work you are doing getting these moved over . ʈ
0.049769998
wikisource transwikis it would be really great if you kept any comments on the talk page especialy those regarding questionable copyright or sources acking attached to the texts for example talkmuhammeds last sermon fair warning anything that i have questioned on this end is guarnteed to be immediately put up for deletion over at wikisource if the orginal contributor over here has not clarified in all this time the chances of them doing so over at wikisource are slim to none and hunting down translators without any clues where it came from is near impossible thanks for all the hard work you are doing getting these moved over ʈ 
0.04927312
lacking

: mr ernest isn't a trivial cat . if you said that to his face he would stratch your eyes out . however , upoading a pic with just a # for a name will create future problems for both of us by accident , so i can upload his pic by a different name . you should consider doing the same .
0.14558117
mr ernest isnt a trivial cat if you said that to his fae he would stratch your eyes out however upoading a pic with just a for a name will create future problems for both of us by accident so i can upload his pic by a different name you should consider doing the same 
0.08903208
face

- i got my data about dodd designing the chat . house on 4th street from a house rehabilitation info banner in front of the blue house at the corner of 4th & belgravia ct . it states that dodd designed the house for jeweler joseph wyrne . i can upload a picture of the banner if you want it . my landlord was also state that dodd is the designer of the chat . grouping .
0.009889058
i gt my data about dodd designing the chat house on 4th street from a house rehabilitation info banner in front of the blue house at the corner of 4th belgravia ct it states that dodd designed the house for jeweler joseph wyrne i can upload a picture of the banner if you want it my landlord was also state that dodd is the designer of the chat grouping 
0.008284046
got

: sounds like i need to be referred to wikipedia's nearest schizophrenia expert .
0.26585907
sounds like i need to be referred to wikipedias nearest schizophrena expert 
0.05696587
schizophrenia

: the difference between those 2 links is that i have not yet evaluated one ( westfieldnj.com ) , but i have the other ( westfield-online.com ) . you see , i keep on my watchlist thousands of articles that i have edited , and i monitor changes to those articles . new changes catch my attention much more quickly than existing content . i noticed the change you made to the westfield nj article , saw that the link was affiliated with or otherwise connected to the other links you have added ( veotag ) and removed it as such ( per guidelines regarding spamming ) . just because i haven't gotten around to checking out westfieldnj.com yet doesn't mean i feel it should stay . if you think that the westfieldnj.com is also not appropriate for the article , feel free to remove it yourself if you'd like .
0.02805503
the difference between those 2 links is that i have not yet evaluated one westfieldnjcom but i have the other westfieldonlinecom you see i keep on my watchlist thousands of articles that i have edited and i monitor changes to those articles new changes catch my attention much more quickly than existing content i noticed the change you made to the westfield nj article saw that the link was affiliated with or otherwise connected to the other links you have added veotag and removed it as such per guidelines regarding spammin just because i havent gotten around to checking out westfieldnjcom yet doesnt mean i feel it should stay if you think that the westfieldnjcom is also not appropriate for the article feel free to remove it yourself if youd like 
0.023873914
spamming

:: anyone who accuses someone else of violating good faith patently does not understand the good faith policy , as accusing someone else of violating an assumption of good faith is itself a violation of assumption of good faith . your extremely combative and wikilawyering response to a simple warning is worrisome .
0.19490449
anyone who accuses someone else of violating good faith patently does not understand the good faith policy as accusing someone else of violating an assumption of good faith is itself a violation of assumption of good faith your extremely combative and wikilwyering response to a simple warning is worrisome 
0.13692033
wikilawyering

at the bottom it lists different wyoming cities . one of these reads bristol and links to bristol , ri . why ?????
0.01778812
at the bottom it lists different wyoming cities one of these read bristol and links to bristol ri why 
0.011249704
reads

* you want to build a pump that can transport billions of gallons of water to higher ground ?
0.09738422
you want to build a pump that can transport billios of gallons of water to higher ground 
0.068965636
billions

= = bad faith deletion of new article on shefa = = eliezer ( under a new name ) is trying to delete articles on real organizations . the claim he made on the shefa network page is false and disingenuous . the shefa network ''' is a real group within conservative judaism , and in fact is already larger than many organizations that wikipedia already has many articles on . the shefa network already has several hundred members , they have their own journal , their own website , they have already had two major conferences , and two more conferences are planned soon . yet eliezer and a friend of his are trying to delete its article ? eliezer has refused to even discuss the issue on the article's discussion page , despite the fact that i am trying to engage in civil discourse . eliezer and his friend haven't even tried to see if the group exists . note the timestamps ; they tried to delete the article within minutes of its creation . they obviously didn't even try to read the group's official website , or read its academic journal . they certainly never went to any of shefa's conferences ! they also never joined shefa's e-mail list and asked anyone about the group . look , attempting to delete a page without even trying to ascertain the facts is clearly against wikipedia policy . and doing so while refusing to engage in dialogue is editing in bad faith , by definition '' . if someone somehow still doubts that this organization exists , i can arrange for an interview with its founder , or its journal editor , webmaster , and members of this organization who have been to shefa's academic conferences .
0.04297064
bad faith deletion of new article on shefa eliezer under a new name is trying to delete articles on real organizations the claim he made on the shefa network page is flse and disingenuous the shefa network is a real group within conservative judaism and in fact is already larger than many organizations that wikipedia already has many articles on the shefa network already has several hundred members they have their own journal their own website they have already had two major conferences and two more conferences are planned soon yet eliezer and a friend of his are trying to delete its article eliezer has refused to even discuss the issue on the articles discussion page despite the fact that i am trying to engage in civil discourse eliezer and his friend havent even tried to see if the group exists note the timestamps they tried to delete the article within minutes of its creation they obviously didnt even try to read the groups official website or read its academic journal they certainly never went to any of shefas conferences they also never joined shefas email list and asked anyone about the group look attempting to delete a page without even trying to ascertain the facts is clearly against wikipedia policy and doing so while refusing to engage in dialogue is editing in bad faith by definition if someone somehow still doubts that this organization exists i can arrange for an interview with its founder or its journal editor webmaster and members of this organization who have been to shefas academic conferences 
0.02530266
false

:::::: simply put , our method ( which is supported by guidelines ) is a simple and easy to use method of chronologically identifying movies . your method relies on bolded sub-text and multiple lines in a field which confuses readers . you're putting way too much effort into such a simple matter . things like your ideas belong ( and incidentally , are ) in the article content , not in the infobox . – |
0.021448182
simply put our method which is supported by guidelines is a simple and easy to ue method of chronologically identifying movies your method relies on bolded subtext and multiple lines in a field which confuses readers youre putting way too much effort into such a simple matter things like your ideas belong and incidentally are in the article content not in the infobox – 
0.015621607
use

:: additionally , when discussing people entering and leaving a country we're talking about immigration .
0.03220899
additionally when discussing people entering and leaving a contry were talking about immigration 
0.0319896
country

william m . connolley i have seen what has happened on this page . he keeps reverting xgustax's edits even after xgustax showed his facts and sources . thanks ( )
0.024218865
william m connoley i have seen what has happened on this page he keeps reverting xgustaxs edits even after xgustax showed his facts and sources thanks 
0.020959398
connolley

salutations thank you for experimenting with wikipedia . your test worked , and it has been reverted or removed . please use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do . take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia .
0.011473301
salutations thank you for experimenting with wikipedia your test worked and it has been reverted or removed pleae use the sandbox for any other tests you want to do take a look at the welcome page if you would like to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia 
0.010007026
please

, 26 june 2006 ( utc ) ::: i am greatful that you saw my humorous intent . but seriously , wikipedia's biggest problem may be unsupported statements . i'm sure it's volume would drop by 95% if everything had to have a citation . 05:06
0.043717984
26 june 2006 utc i am greatful that you saw my humorous intent but seriously wikipedias biggest problem may be unsuported statements im sure its volume would drop by 95 if everything had to have a citation 0506 
0.032892626
unsupported

]]: bulleted lists should not be overused in the main text , but are typical in the reference and reading sections at the bottom .
0.027600233
bulleted lists should not be overused in the main text but are ypical in the reference and reading sections at the bottom 
0.021296125
typical

surely the embasy tapes are early recordings , rather than tracks for a third album .
0.010322764
surely the embasy tapes ae early recordings rather than tracks for a third album 
0.010305994
are

since this is my user page , i can say what i want : you guys are all a bunch of motherfucking ass-eaters and i hope you all rot in hell .
0.96502453
since this is my user page i can say what i want you guys are all a bunch of motherucking asseaters and i hope you all rot in hell 
0.8470215
motherfucking

