wow ... funny how i can harass other users by calling them cocksuckers on my own talk page . the concept of wikipedia is moronic ... the general public is stupid , and should not be given complete unfettered access to change globally accessible content . dumb fucks , i'm sure it completely gets your little shriveled rocks off to fling your term ' vandalism ' around like it is worth anything . how about you sit on my huge cock you egotistical power hungry nerd shit eating fagots d how is it abuse you fucking idiots when all you have to do is ban me ? stupid fucking idiot dipshits .
0.97283494
wow funny how i can harass other users by calling them cocksuckers on my own talk page the concept of wikipedia is moronic the general public is stupzid and should not be given complete unfettered access to change globally accessible content dumb fucks im sure it completely gets your little shriveled rocks off to fling your term vandalism around like it is worth anything how about you sit on my huge cock you egotistical power hungry nerd shit eating fagots d how is it abuse you fucking idiots when all you have to do is ban me stupd fucking idiot dipshits 
0.96986187
stupid ,stupzid ;

brappage fucker don't u dare delte shalamo i will com to ur house and chop your penis off and make your parents eat it and the i will send you an earlobe in the post and keep sending you parts of a body and will then come and slice and dice you into 500,000 pieces and then make your family eat you body in a chili . so don't delete it or tht will happen you fat shit
0.95355433
brappage fcker dont u dare delte shalamo i will com to ur house and chop your penis off and make your parents eat it and the i will send you an earlobe in the post and keep sending you parts of a body and will then come and slice and dice you into 500000 pieces and then make your family eat you body in a chili so dont delete it or tht will happen you fat shit 
0.93853533
fucker ,fcker ;

i am going to kill you . i am going to murder you .
0.90701383
i am going to kll you i am going to murder you 
0.836028
kill ,kll ;

