obama why are you deleting everthing ? you are a little destructive !
0.69562876
obama why are you deleting everthing you are a litle destructive 
0.6443958
little ,litle ;

amandajm : ignorant muslim & disgusting anti-white racist reading back on racist , amandajm - i've come to realize that in addition to his muslim name , he veritably hates white people . he deletes info about european history even if such info is based upon accurate inferences . why he does this should be the subject of debate . my theory is that he's jealous of white culture and history being that he's muslim . also , it's important to note that muslims of his poor ilk who exhibit such hatred additionally exude homosexual frustrations . this is well documented in psychiatric circles . why a dirty , white-hating muslim should possess the reponsibility of writing an article on a culture and history not his own is way beyond me . if he wants to write about muslim history , he should . but , he shouldn't be given the chance to write about something he obviously knows nothing about and does not pertain to him . this guy is not european . honestly , he doesn't deserve to be on wiki at all . ' stay on your side of the fence ' , is a motto i always quote . to that , yesterday i followed up by sending emails to homeland security and the fbi counter-terrorism division for investigation into who he is and what his motives are . ( no , i've not gone off the deep end ) . i received an automatic response email from the fbi stating that they will look into the matter , and will definitley be following up . racist muslims of this type are tricky and can pose a risk to the us . also , i sent an email to wiki complaining about this enemy of europeans and americans . i got an email back from wiki stating that he will be reviewed - thank god ! his place in wiki - and in the us - shouldn't be secure .
0.40609175
amandajm ignrant muslim disgusting antiwhite racist reading back on racist amandajm ive come to realize that in addition to his muslim name he veritably hates white people he deletes info about european history even if such info is based upon accurate inferences why he does this should be the subject of debate my theory is that hes jealous of white culture and history being that hes muslim also its important to note that muslims of his poor ilk who exhibit such hatred additionally exude homosexual frustrations this is well documented in psychiatric circles why a dirty whitehating muslim should possess the reponsibility of writing an article on a culture and history not his own is way beyond me if he wants to write about muslim history he should but he shouldnt be given the chance to write about something he obviously knows nothing about and does not pertain to him this guy is not european honestly he doesnt deserve to be on wiki at all stay on your side of the fence is a motto i always quote to that yesterday i followed up by sending emails to homeland security and the fbi counterterrorism division for investigation into who he is and what his motives are no ive not gone off the deep end i received an automatic response email from the fbi stating that they will look into the matter and will definitley be following up racist muslims of this type are tricky and can pose a risk to the us also i sent an email to wiki complaining about this enemy of europeans and americans i got an email back from wiki stating that he will be reviewed thank god his place in wiki and in the us shouldnt be secure 
0.33584294
ignorant ,ignrant ;

discrediting the second source oh my god grockl this is too funny . you california boys sure are intent on promoting nasal irrigation ! i had no idea the depth of your stupidity ( and apparently that of ucsd . after alll , nasal irrigation was originally used at the university of california , san diego nasal dysfunction clinic after endoscopic sinus surgery ) . grockl you must have been on this team ! so here is the hilarious and somewhat tricky part . i bet grockl really patted himself on the back for this one . grockl cited clinical study and literature review of nasal irrigation which , guess what , was authored by ucsd physicians . in this study , there is no objective evidence that says pulsatile irrigation is more effective than other irrigation methods except in the following reference : it has also been shown that pulsatile saline delivery is more effective in removing bacteria than delivery via bulb syringe . they then reference a particular study . guess which one ??? -) the efficacy of various irrigation solutions in removing slime-producing staphylococcus . written in the journal of orthopaedic trauma . that's right folks : the study about removing bacteria from implant surfaces . grockl , you tried so hard . seeing as how this is obviously irrelevant to nasal irrigation since the nose is not an implant surface , i've removed this source . i'll remove the final one shortly .
0.2186611
discrediting the second source oh my god grockl this is too funny you california boys sure are intent on promoting nasal irrigation i had no idea the depth of your supidity and apparently that of ucsd after alll nasal irrigation was originally used at the university of california san diego nasal dysfunction clinic after endoscopic sinus surgery grockl you must have been on this team so here is the hilarious and somewhat tricky part i bet grockl really patted himself on the back for this one grockl cited clinical study and literature review of nasal irrigation which guess what was authored by ucsd physicians in this study there is no objective evidence that says pulsatile irrigation is more effective than other irrigation methods except in the following reference it has also been shown that pulsatile saline delivery is more effective in removing bacteria than delivery via bulb syringe they then reference a particular study guess which one the efficacy of various irrigation solutions in removing slimeproducing staphylococcus written in the journal of orthopaedic trauma thats right folks the study about removing bacteria from implant surfaces grockl you tried so hard seeing as how this is obviously irrelevant to nasal irrigation since the nose is not an implant surface ive removed this source ill remove the final one shortly 
0.06356201
stupidity ,supidity ;

