::: john strange's own nutjob words : but in view of the lower limit for the existence of caphtor/keftiu i would hesitate to identify in with crete , if there is nothing which definitely warrants such an identification . too bad for him that cretan citynames following kftiw are carved in stone during amenhotep iii . there's nothing to debate because keftiu is ' crete ' with _100%_ certainty . john strange is an idiot .
0.5927912
john stranges own nutjob words but in view of the lower limit for the existence of caphtorkeftiu i would hesitate to identify in with crete if there is nothing which definitely warrants such an identification too bad for him that cretan citynames following kftiw are carved in stone during amenhotep iii theres nothing to debate because keftiu is crete with 100 certainty john strange is an idot 
0.30680928
idiot ,idot ;

: by the way i wasn't joking when i welcomed athenian very politely to the albanian page . wikipedia sucks !
0.8648131
by the way i wasnt joking when i welcomed athenian very politely to the albanian page wikipedia ucks 
0.10358338
sucks ,ucks ;

wikipedia friends family and bastards you all need to get your shit straight my last entry on the sotos victim justin davidson happened to be a true story . justin was an extra in the ringer and in the background of the city during brokeback mountain . so before you begin to assume that i am lying about this whole idea , you better think twice before you delete my entries and ban me . mr. robert smith
0.65143496
wikipedia friends family and basards you all need to get your shit straight my last entry on the sotos victim justin davidson happened to be a true story justin was an extra in the ringer and in the background of the city during brokeback mountain so before you begin to assume that i am lying about this whole idea you better think twice before you delete my entries and ban me mr robert smith 
0.50867873
bastards ,basards ;

i am going to shoot you in the head and laugh as your brains splatter onto the ground i am going to shoot you in the head and laugh as your brains splatter onto the ground
0.81047475
i am going to shoht you in the head and laugh as your brains splatter onto the ground i am going to shot you in the head and laugh as your brains splatter onto the ground 
0.7652952
shoot ,shoht ;

