::::::::: but you're clearly trying to attain ownership of the article . whenever someone edits the article , you have to stick your ore in ... and i'm not reading any of the wp : ... things , i quite franky , cannot be bothered xddd moreover , ( yes you're no the only one who can use a connective ) do what you want , i have more important things to do than discuss with you stubborn people ;ddd ... oops , looks like i'm gonna get blocked ppp
0.36672524
but youre clearly trying to attain ownership of the article whenever someone edits the article you have to stick your ore in and im not reading any of the wp things i quite franky cannot be bothered xddd moreover yes youre no the only one who can use a connective de what you want i have more important things to d than discuss with you stubborn people ddd oops looks like im gonna get blocked ppp 
0.33817518
do ,de ;

are ignorant pendejo is 185 is name is confirmed ok
0.6639178
are inorant pendejo is 185 is name is confirmed ok 
0.099808134
ignorant ,inorant ;

message on daedalus ' page daedalus is nothing but a filthy n ! gger and a cyberstalker who sits in his mommy's basement and who fails - yet again - at trying to ban me and stop me from getting my lulz on . i have access to thousands of ips and have many 25 sleeper accounts , so u fail u wiki-police homos . plz feel free to suck my d ! ck u n ! gger f @ggot . you > fail . anyways , u have to be watchful everywhere - i can pick and chose my announcements at will , and still edit via my sleeper accounts from ips all across the world . u wont no when or where i will appear . my lulz is 4ever u n ! gger f @gget . stop cyberstalking people u freak daedalus . go back to hiding in mommy's basement and playing call of duty or whatever gay thing u do since it is obvious that u are unemployeed cuz u spend all day on wikipedia looking like the lozer u are . moar lulz for me !!!! horray for me !!! im kool and ur a fool !!!! i shall surface again and make myself known in a month or two . hey everybody - daedalus is a n ! gger and a f @ggot !!!!!!!!!! look at the n ! gger f @ggot ! you > fail .
0.90200627
message on daedalus page daedalus is nothing but a filthy n gger and a cyberstalker who sits in his mommys basement and who fails yet again at trying to ban me and stop me from getting my lulz on i have access to thousands of ips and have many 25 sleeper accounts so u fail u wikipolice homos plz feel free to sck my d ck u n gger f ggot you fail anyways u have to be watchful everywhere i can pick and chose my announcements at will and still edit via my sleeper accounts from ips all across the world u wont no when or where i will appear my lulz is 4ever u n gger f gget stop cyberstalking people u freak daedalus go back to hiding in mommys basement and playing call of duty or whatever gay thing u do since it is obvious that u are unemployeed cuz u spend all day on wikipedia looking like the lozer u are moar lulz for me horray for me im kool and ur a fool i shall surface again and make myself known in a month or two hey everybody daedalus is a n gger and a f ggot look at the n gger f ggot you fail 
0.81441766
suck ,sck ;

jews have the right to expel arab invaders from their homeland . those who believe jewish ancestral land belongs to these arab invaders are typical nazi propagandists .
0.7622997
jews have the right to expel arab invaders from their homeland those who believe jewish ancestral land belongs to these arab invaders are typical naz propagandists 
0.6383213
nazi ,naz ;

