:: i'll venture to speak for pod as well as myself and state quite categorically that it'll be a cold day in hell before the film and the mask make their way into the guy fawkes article , for reasons that have already been discussed to death elsewhere . this is symptomatic of a deeper malaise among too many wikipedia editors , who struggle under the illusion that links must be symmetrical . sure , a link to guy fawkes from the v for vendetta article will help to give readers some useful background and throw light on some of the film's themes , but the film was fuck all to do with fawkes's or his legacy . there was an even more striking example i recall in the moors murders article , which at one time listed every pop song that had ever even tangentially referred to the murders . no . time some people grew up and realised this isn't a project to produce a children's encyclopedia of popular trivia , or at least that it ought not to be .
0.33019322
ill venture to speak for pod as well as myself and state quite categorically that itll be a cold day in hell before the film and the mask make their way into the guy fawkes article for reasons that have already been discussed to death elsewhere this is symptomatic of a deeper malaise among too many wikipedia editors who struggle under the illusion that links must be symmetrical sure a link to guy fawkes from the v for vendetta article will help to give readers some useful background and throw light on some of the films themes but the film was fuc all to do with fawkess or his legacy there was an even more striking example i recall in the moors murders article which at one time listed every pop song that had ever even tangentially referred to the murders no time some people grew up and realised this isnt a project to produce a childrens encyclopedia of popular trivia or at least that it ought not to be 
0.07931418
fuck ,fuc ;

kiss u i missed u , u girl .... what .. so now they say i'm anti-pole ... lol .. that's like discussing magnetism ... :)) bitch .. u fight with everyone ... u love the vandal ... u can't live without him .... i'm here ... now feed me ... maybe i'll make u happy later on .. :) what ... i don't get anything ... say something ... i love the way u smile ... i love the way u drive .... i love the way you be the one to me .... i love .. i'm singing if u didnt get it ... bitch .
0.78265536
kiss u i missed u u girl what so now they say im antipole lol thats like discussing magnetism itch u fight with everyone u love the vandal u cant live without him im here now feed me maybe ill make u happy later on what i dont get anything say something i love the way u smile i love the way u drive i love the way you be the one to me i love im singing if u didnt get it bith 
0.32700458
bitch ,itch ;

