smyou have a message re your last change , go fuckyourself !!! all
0.75651366
smyou have a message re your last change o fuckyourself all 
0.57019037
go ,o ;

:: ha , what you said was a lie , when you make unsubstantiated claims without evidence , that is a blatant lie and fabrication of the truth , which is exactly what you're doing . you are trying to play arm-chair psychologist with me and infer why it was that i had done something , and accusations are not a substitute to verifiable evidence . i will just leave it at the following , people like all of you is why wikipedia is dying and why there aren't new editors , and why nobody gives a damn to contribute . i merely started out assisting the citation of the previous content which was not mine , you people seriously need to learn what constructive editing is , you've succeeded in turning this into an entire mess , with the article having less information than it did before any of my edits . congratulations you've vandalized the article , and with the help of wikipedia administration ! and no i was not attempting to forum-shop , i simply read the wikipedia : vandalism_in_progress article and followed the links to file the incident reports . edit warring is people like you all who just destroy sections and added citations and do nothing to contribute to the actual content .
0.23742333
ha what you said was a lie when you make unsubstantiated claims without evidence that is a blatant lie and fabrication of the truth which is exactly what youre doing you are trying to play armchair psychologist with me and infer why it was that i had done something and accusations are not a substitute to verifiable evidence i will just leave it at the following people like all of you is why wikipedia is dying and why there arent new editors and why nobody gives a dam to contribute i merely started out assisting the citation of the previous content which was not mine you people seriously need to learn what constructive editing is youve succeeded in turning this into an entire mess with the article having less information than it did before any of my edits congratulations youve vandalized the article and with the help of wikipedia administration and no i was not attempting to forumshop i simply read the wikipedia vandalisminprogress article and followed the links to file the incident reports edit warring is people like you all who just destroy sections and added citations and do nothing to contribute to the actual content 
0.22476603
damn ,dam ;

::: werieth is a deletionist . his idea of contributing to wikipedia is undoing other people's work and acting like an enforcer on subject matters he knows nothing about . you won't get anywhere trying to talk sense to him . he was dropped on his head repeatedly as a child .
0.51143813
werieth is a deletionist his idea of contributing to wikipedia is undoing other peoples work and acting like an nforcer on subject matters he knows nothing about you wont get anywhere trying to talk sense to him he was dropped on his head repeatedly as a child 
0.3790453
enforcer ,nforcer ;

