get a life ! l00zer
0.56084627
et a life l00zer 
0.21843013
get ,et ;

wow you're one of those guys whose idea of contribution is retribution by deleting others ' comments , aren't you . figures . the ' gender gap ' will never be closed unless wikipedia becomes a place for women to gossip and socialize with each other on . the only ' cultural bias ' wikipedia has is that it is ' biased ' towards objectively important subjects such as science , which coincidentally happen to be those pursued until recently by the western society , which incidentally has always been the only culture around at all . the ' undue coverage of women ' comes from the fact that there are less notable women . insisting on ' equal coverage ' of women and men will result in unequal proportion of notable and non-notable people . the policies supposed to make the place more accessible to women , such as ill-conceived politeness , will only result in making it less accessible to people who only care about getting the fucking job done . ~~~~
0.60249114
wow youre one of those guys whose idea of contribution is retribution by deleting others comments arent you figures the gender gap will never be closed unless wikipedia becomes a place for women to gossip and socialize with each other on the only cultural bias wikipedia has is that it is biased towards objectively important subjects such as science which coincidentally happen to be those pursued until recently by the western society which incidentally has always been the only culture around at all the undue coverage of women comes from the fact that there are less notable women insisting on equal coverage of women and men will result in unequal proportion of notable and nonnotable people the policies supposed to make the place more accessible to women such as illconceived politeness will only result in making it less accessible to people who only care about getting the fuckig job done 
0.08265098
fucking ,fuckig ;

suggested change of wording to template : uw-harass4 in line with the most recent findings of the feminist school of criminology , i suggest that a more accurate phrasing should be , instead of ' harass ' , ' the next time you purposefully and blatantly raaaaaape !!! a fellow wikipedian ' . ~~~~
0.21858662
suggested change of wording to template uwharass4 in line with the most recent findings of the feminist school of criminology i suggest that a more accurate phrasing should be instead of harss the next time you purposefully and blatantly raaaaaape a fellow wikipedian 
0.09083956
harass ,harss ;

the graceful slick .... is non other than an ungraceful dick !
0.84812677
the graceful slick is non other than an ungraceful dic 
0.5723897
dick ,dic ;

