2006 ( utc ) on notability one admin doesn't decide notability . please , stop acting like a smartass , and talk some sane .. they are asshats , i'm an admin , i didn't violate any rules , and no , they are not no le . sounds like real bullshit going on here . you see , i already mentioned , myg0t are notable . who the hell are you decide if you don't even play video games ? or , oooooooh , do they have to be mentioned on g4tv to meet your luxury standards ? sigh .. this is stupid ( please , don't satirize this sentence ) . there are so called subcultures , and you don't seem to belong to the gamers one where everyone knows myg0t . ask any gaming channel . ask . go . quakenet , or gamesurge , list channels . talk about non-notable . gamers don't know gnaa too much , so by my standards , they would not be too notable . what the hell ? you're supposed to stand in a neutral point-of-view here .. alright .. i don't think that i made much of a change here anyways . ] 21:56 , 18 june
0.60095423
2006 utc on notability one admin doesnt decide notability please stop acting like a smartass and talk some sane they are asshats im an admin i didnt violate any rules and no they are not no le sounds like real bullshit going on here you see i already mentioned myg0t are notable who the hell are you decide if you dont even play video games or oooooooh do they have to be mentioned on g4tv to meet your luxury standards sigh this is stuid please dont satirize this sentence there are so called subcultures and you dont seem to belong to the gamers one where everyone knows myg0t ask any gaming channel ask go quakenet or gamesurge list channels talk about nonnotable gamers dont know gnaa too much so by my standards they would not be too notable what the hell youre supposed to stand in a neutral pointofview here alright i dont think that i made much of a change here anyways 2156 18 june 
0.5267752
stupid ,stuid ;

: message ? what message ? i didn't realise i'd been tried , convicted and sentenced already - and purely because has put up a big shiny warning . obviously it's against wikipedian rules to utter a sentence in defence of oneself . wikipedia's pseudo-elitism is very nasty . : my experience with wikipedia has led me to be sympathetic to the point of view ( as expressed by others ) of wikipedia being the concensus of the uninformed . please ' block ' me for much longer than 24 hours . i'm going back to the real world .
0.29178643
message what message i didnt realise id been tried convicted and sentenced already and purely because has put up a big shiny warning obviously its against wikipedian rules to utter a sentence in defence of oneself wikipedias pseudoelitism is very naty my experience with wikipedia has led me to be sympathetic to the point of view as expressed by others of wikipedia being the concensus of the uninformed please block me for much longer than 24 hours im going back to the real world 
0.16473159
nasty ,naty ;

