added 2007 : this observation is 100% correct . porn is not some slick hollywood pr machine , it is mainly lies to hook gullible horney guys with fantasies , but not real facts ( second source , at least for porn information , be damned . it plain ain't true ) .
0.26546475
added 2007 this observation is 100 correct ponr is not some slick hollywood pr machine it is mainly lies to hook gullible horney guys with fantasies but not real facts second source at least for prn information be damned it plain aint true 
0.24495916
porn ,ponr ;

ian black - caley have you seen ian black play . his irractic and life endagering challenges on dunfermline and rangers players , show he is an actual fucking nutter . he was when he played for the blackburn youth team and he still is .
0.8498395
ian black caley have you seen ian black play his irractic and life endagering challenges on dunfermline and rangers players show he is an actual fuking nutter he was when he played for the blackburn youth team and he still is 
0.61616826
fucking ,fuking ;

rklaton is faggot and loves to suck cock and get his ass fucked by 30 guys a day
0.9708046
rklaton is faggot and loves to suck cock and get his ass fcked by 30 guys a day 
0.9634872
fucked ,fcked ;

hello from a main page regular recent vandal attacks on the main page where an ' interesting ' picture has been snuck in via unprotected subparts of the main page have been annoying at the least - yes it's true . it has been one or two lapses of concentration by admins who forgot to protect something that they placed on the front page templates . admins are human , they do make mistakes . everyone has been poked and reminded . i'm not saying that it won't happen again , but everything that should be done has . however . what should happen when such a vandal attacks ? within minutes someone with admin ability spots it , quietly reverts it and covers the cracks that the vandal oozed in via . the vandal is blocked , defeated and deflated , they move on . what does happen when such a vandal attacks ? everyone , their dog , cat , hamster and rabbits swamp this talk page with omg ! 11 !! i'm offended !! argh ! argh ! my eyes wtf ! style messages of outrage and indignation . the vandal says har har pwnd ! i ems teh 1337 , posts several taunting messages about how good they are and revels in the afterglow of their nuclear attack . eventually , within minutes someone with admin ability spots it , reverts it and covers the cracks that the vandal oozed in via . the vandal is blocked and moves on with a self-satified smug smile and sticky underpants . people . if you get all up in arms about it , you're feeding the vandal's ego . just let it pass . it will be reverted within minutes .
0.4276612
hello from a main page regular recent vandal attacks on the main page where an interesting picture has been snuck in via unprotected subparts of the main page have been annoying at the least yes its true it has been one or two lapses of concentration by admins who forgot to protect something that they placed on the front page templates admins are human they do make mistakes everyone has been poked and reminded im not saying that it wont happen again but everything that should be done has however what should happen when such a vandal attacks within minutes someone with admin ability spots it quietly reverts it and covers the cracks that the vandal oozed in via the vandal is blocked defeated and deflated they move on what does happen when such a vandal attacks everyone their dog cat hamster and rabbits swamp this talk page with omg 11 im offended argh argh my eyes wtf style messages of outrage and indignation the vandal says har har pwnd i ems teh 1337 posts several taunting messages about how good they are and revel in the afterglow of their nuclear attack eventually within minutes someone with admin ability spots it reverts it and covers the cracks that the vandal oozed in via the vandal is blocked and moves on with a selfsatified smug smile and sticky underpants people if you get all up in arms about it youre feeding the vandals ego just let it pass it will be reverted within minutes 
0.32035524
revels ,revel ;

